Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 41 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 42 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 42 Item 9B. Other Information 45 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevents Inspections 4 5 PART III 46 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11. Executive Compensation 46 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 46 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 46 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 46 PART IV 48 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 48 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 48 Signatures 51 ii Table of Contents PART I CAUTION REGARDING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, or this Form 10-K, including the information incorporated by reference herein, contains statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed statements. In some cases, you can identify statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “forecast,” “outlook,” “project,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The statements contained in this Form 10-K involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and situations that may cause our or our industry’s actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These factors include those listed in Part I, Item 1A under the caption entitled “Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K and those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-K to “Copart,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Copart, Inc. We encourage investors to review these factors carefully together with the other matters referred to herein, as well as in the other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We may from time to time make additional written and oral statements, including statements contained in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of us. Although we believe that, based on information currently available to us and our management, the expectations reflected in the statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. Item 1. Business Corporate Information We were incorporated in California in 1982, became a public company in 1994, and were reincorporated in Delaware in January 2012. Our principal executive offices are located at 14185 Dallas Parkway, Suite 300, Dallas, Texas 75254 and our telephone number is (972) 391-5000. Our website is www.copart.com . The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. We provide free of charge, through a link on our website, access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practical after the reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Copart ® , BID4U ® , CI & Design ® , DRIVE Auto Auctions ™ , 1-800 CAR BUYER ® , CA$HFORCARS.COM ® , COPART & DESIGN ® , VB3 & DESIGN ® , VB3 ® , National Powersports Auctions ™ , NPA ™ , Purple Wave Auction ™ , and CrashedToys.com ® are trademarks of Copart, Inc. or one of its direct or indirect subsidiaries. This Form 10-K also includes other trademarks of Copart and of other companies. Overview We are a leading global provider of online auctions and vehicle remarketing services with operations in the United States (“U.S.”), the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), Germany, Brazil, Canada, the United Arab Emirates (“U.A.E.”), Spain, Finland, Oman, the Republic of Ireland, and Bahrain. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. With respect to our environmental stewardship, we believe our business is a critical enabler for the global and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We are not responsible for the carbon emissions resulting from new vehicle manufacturing, governmental fuel emissions standards or vehicle use by consumers. Each vehicle that enters our business operations already exists, with whatever fuel technology and efficiency it was designed and built to have, and the substantial carbon emissions associated with the vehicle’s manufacture have already occurred. However, upon our receipt of an existing vehicle, we help facilitate the decrease of its total environmental impact by extending its useful life and thereby avoiding the carbon emissions associated with the alternative of new vehicle and auto parts manufacturing. For example, many of the cars we process and remarket are subsequently restored to drivable condition, reducing the new vehicle manufacturing burden the world would otherwise face. Many of our cars are purchased by dismantlers, who recycle and refurbish parts for vehicle repairs, again reducing new and aftermarket parts manufacturing. Finally, some of our vehicles are returned to their raw 1 Table of Contents material inputs through scrapping, thereby reducing the need for further new resource extraction. In each of these cases, our business facilitates the reduction of the carbon and other environmental footprint of the global transportation industry. Beyond our environmental stewardship, we also support the world’s communities in two important ways. First, we believe that we contribute to economic development and by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. For example, many of the automobiles sold through our auction platform are purchased for use in developing countries where affordable transportation is a critical enabler of education, health care, and . Secondly, we believe we play an important role in the communities we serve through our response to and management of catastrophic weather events. This includes our investments in equipment and infrastructure which support our overall disaster recovery efforts. For example, we mobilized our people, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of vehicles in South Florida in the wake of Hurricane Ian in the fall of 2022. We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our Virtual Bidding Third Generation internet sales technology, which we refer to as VB3. Vehicle sellers consist primarily of insurance companies, but also include dealers, individuals, charities, rental, banks, finance companies, and fleet operators. We obtained 81%, 83%, and 80% of the total number of vehicles processed during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, from insurance company sellers. We sell the vehicles principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and to the general public. The majority of the vehicles sold on behalf of insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss; not economically repairable by the insurance companies; or are recovered stolen vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process. In the U.S., Canada, Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, and Bahrain, we sell vehicles primarily as an agent and derive revenue primarily from auction and sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services as well as fees for services subsequent to the auction, such as delivery and storage. In the U.K., Germany, and Spain we operate both as an agent and on a principal basis, in some cases purchasing salvage vehicles outright and reselling the vehicles for our own account. In the U.K. we recognize revenue on a principal basis from selling dismantled parts through Green Parts Specialist (“GPS”). In Germany and Spain, we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle’s residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured. Through our VB3 auction platform, our sales process is open to registered buyers (whom we refer to as “members”) anywhere in the world with access to the internet. This technology and model employ a bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature that allows members to enter bids over the internet during the preview period. To improve the effectiveness of bidding, the VB3 system lets members see the current high bids on the vehicles they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is an open bid format similar to eBay ® . Members enter the maximum price they are willing to pay for a vehicle and VB3’s BID4U feature incrementally bids on the vehicle on their behalf during all phases of the auction. Preliminary bidding ends at a specified time prior to the start of a second bidding step, an virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to bid against each other and the high preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the internet in real time while BID4U submits bids for the high preliminary bidder up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown, the vehicle sells to the highest bidder. We believe our virtual auction platform increases the pool of available buyers for each sale, which brings added competition and an increase in the amount that buyers are willing to pay for vehicles. We also believe that it improves the efficiency of our operations by eliminating the expense and capital requirements which would be associated with holding live auctions. For fiscal 2024, sales of U.S. vehicles, on a unit basis, to members registered outside the state where the vehicle was located accounted for 68.4% of total vehicles sold; of which 30.4% of vehicles were sold to out of state members within the U.S. and 38.0% were sold to International members, based on the IP address utilized during the auction process. We believe that we offer the highest level of service in the auction and vehicle remarketing industry and have established our leading market position by: • providing a virtual platform that facilitates seller access to buyers around the world, reducing towing and storage expenses, offering a local presence for vehicle inspection stations, and providing prompt response to catastrophes and natural disasters by specially trained teams; 2 Table of Contents • providing a comprehensive range of services that includes merchandising, efficient title processing, timely and delivery of vehicles, and internet sales; • establishing and efficiently integrating new facilities and acquisitions; • increasing the number of bidders that can participate at each sale through the ease and convenience of internet bidding; and • applying technology to enhance operating efficiency through internet bidding, order processing, salvage value quotes, electronic communication with members and sellers, and vehicle imaging. Historically, we believe our business has grown as a result of (i) acquisitions, (ii) increases in overall volume in the salvage car market, (iii) growth in market share, (iv) increases in the amount of revenue generated per sales transaction resulting from increases in the gross selling price and the addition of services for both members and sellers, and (v) growth in company sellers. For fiscal 2024, our revenues were $4.2 billion and our operating income was $1.6 billion. In fiscal 2022, we opened one new operational facility in Canada, one new operational facility in Spain, and five new operational facilities in the U.S. We also acquired a parts recycler in the U.K. that has four operating facilities. In fiscal 2023, we opened one new operational facility in Brazil, one new operational facility in Germany, one new operational facility in Canada, and eight new operational facilities in the U.S. In fiscal 2024, we opened three new operational facilities in the U.K., one new operational facility in Spain, one new operational facility in Canada, and four new operational facility in the U.S. Our service revenues consist of auction and sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. These auction and services may include a combination of the following: vehicle purchasing fees: vehicle listing fees; vehicle selling fees that can be based on a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price, tiered vehicle sales price fees, or at a fixed fee based on the sale of each vehicle regardless of the selling price of the vehicle; transportation fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to or from our facility; title processing and preparation fees; vehicle storage fees; bidding fees; and vehicle loading fees. These fees are recognized as net revenue (not gross vehicle selling price) at the time of auction in the amount of such fees charged. Purchased vehicle revenue includes the gross sales price of the vehicles which we have purchased or are otherwise considered to own. We have certain contracts with insurance companies, primarily in the U.K., in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. We also purchase vehicles in the open market, primarily from individuals, and resell them for our own account. Operating costs consist primarily of: (i) labor (operating personnel at yards); (ii) transportation (miles traveled and fuel rates); (iii) facilities (maintenance, taxes, rent, and insurance); (iv) other (marketing and auction related costs); and (v) costs of vehicles sold. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, professional services, marketing expenses, and technology enhancements and maintenance. Industry Overview The auction and vehicle remarketing services industry provides a venue for sellers to dispose of or liquidate vehicles to a broad domestic and international buyer pool. Sellers generally auction or sell their vehicles on a consignment basis either for a fixed fee or a percentage of the sales price. Occasionally, companies in our industry purchase vehicles from the largest segment of sellers, insurance companies, and resell the vehicles for their own account. The vehicles are usually purchased at a price based on the vehicles’ estimated value (“PAV”) and the extent of damage. Vehicle remarketers typically operate from multiple facilities where vehicles are processed, viewed, stored and released to the buyer. While companies in this industry remarket vehicles through a physical auction or a hybrid internet and physical auction, we sell virtually all our vehicles on our virtual marketplace platform VB3, thus eliminating the requirement for buyers to travel to an auction location to participate in the sales process. Although there are other sellers of vehicles, such as dealers, individuals, charities, rental, banks, finance companies, and fleet operators, our primary sellers of vehicles are insurance companies. 3 Table of Contents The primary buyers of vehicles at our auctions are vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and the general public. Vehicle dismantlers, which we believe are the largest group of vehicle buyers, based on volume of vehicles purchased, either dismantle a salvage vehicle and sell parts individually or sell the entire vehicle to rebuilders, used vehicle dealers, or the general public. Vehicle rebuilders and vehicle repair licensees generally purchase salvage vehicles to repair and resell. Used vehicle dealers generally purchase recovered stolen or slightly damaged vehicles for resale. Most of our vehicles are sold on behalf of insurance companies and are usually vehicles involved in an accident or a natural disaster. Typically, the damaged vehicle is towed to a storage facility or a vehicle repair facility for temporary storage pending insurance company examination. The vehicle is inspected by the insurance company’s adjuster, who estimates the costs of repairing the vehicle and gathers information regarding the damaged vehicle’s mileage, options, and condition in order to estimate its PAV. The adjuster determines whether to pay for repairs or to classify the vehicle as a total loss based upon the adjuster’s estimate of repair costs, vehicle’s salvage value, and the PAV, as well as customer service considerations. If the cost of repair is greater than the PAV less the estimated salvage value, the insurance company generally will classify the vehicle as a total loss. The insurance company will thereafter assign the vehicle to a vehicle auction and remarketing services company, settle with the insured and receive title to the vehicle. Automobile manufacturers continuously incorporate new standard features, including: unibody construction utilizing exotic metals; passenger safety cages with surrounding crumple zones to absorb impacts; plastic and ceramic components; airbags; adaptive headlights; computer and navigation systems; advanced cameras, including backup camera systems; collision warning systems; dynamic cruise control; lane departure warning systems; automatic braking; blind spot detection systems; and electrification of drivetrains. We believe that one effect of these additional features is that newer vehicles involved in accidents are more costly to repair and, accordingly, more likely to be deemed a total loss for insurance purposes. We believe the primary factors that insurance companies consider when selecting an auction and vehicle remarketing services company include: • the anticipated percentage return on salvage (i.e., gross salvage proceeds, minus vehicle handling and selling expenses, divided by the PAV); • the services provided by the company and the degree to which such services reduce their administrative costs and expenses; • the price the company charges for its services; • the ability to respond to natural disasters; • geographic coverage; • the ability to provide analytical data to the seller; and • in the U.K., in certain situations, the actual amount paid for the vehicle. In the U.K., some insurance companies tender periodic contracts for the purchase of salvaged vehicles. Under these circumstances, insurance companies will generally award the contract to the company that is willing to pay the highest price for the vehicles. Generally, upon receipt of the pickup order, or the assignment, we arrange for the transportation of a vehicle to our nearest facility. As a service to the vehicle seller, we will customarily pay advance charges (reimbursable charges paid on behalf of vehicle sellers) to obtain the vehicle’s release from a towing company, vehicle repair facility, or impound facility. Advance charges paid on behalf of the vehicle seller are either recovered upon sale of the vehicle, invoiced separately to the seller, or deducted from the net proceeds due to the seller. The salvage vehicle is stored at one of our facilities until ownership documents are transferred from the insured vehicle owner and the title to the vehicle is cleared through the appropriate state’s motor vehicle regulatory agency (“DMV”). In the U.S., total loss vehicles may be sold in most states only after obtaining a salvage title from the DMV. Upon receipt of the appropriate documentation from the DMV, which is generally received within 45 to 60 days of vehicle , the vehicle is sold either on behalf of the insurance company or for our own account, depending on the terms of the contract. In the U.K., upon release of interest by the vehicle owner, the insurance company notifies us that the vehicle is available for sale. 4 Table of Contents Generally, sellers of vehicles will arrange to deliver the vehicle to one of our locations, although we may offer transportation services to obtain the vehicle. At that time, the vehicle information will be uploaded to our system and made available for buyers to review online. The vehicle is then sold at auction on VB3 typically within seven days. Proceeds are then collected from the member, typically seller fees are subtracted, and the remainder is remitted to the seller. Operating and Growth Strategy Our growth strategy is to increase revenues and profitability by, among other things, (i) acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, including foreign markets; (ii) pursuing global, national, and regional vehicle seller agreements; (iii) increasing our service offerings; and (iv) expanding the application of VB3 into new markets. In addition, we implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. As part of our overall expansion strategy, our objective is to increase our revenues, operating profits, and market share in the vehicle remarketing industry. To implement our growth strategy, we intend to continue to do the following: Acquire and Develop New Vehicle Storage Facilities in Key Markets Including Foreign Markets Our strategy is to offer integrated services to vehicle sellers on a global, national, or regional basis by acquiring or developing facilities in new and existing markets. We integrate our new acquisitions into our global network and capitalize on certain operating efficiencies resulting from, among other things, the reduction of duplicative overhead and the implementation of our operating procedures. Pursue Global, National, and Regional Vehicle Supply Agreements Our broad global presence enhances our ability to enter into global, national, or regional supply agreements with vehicle sellers. We actively seek to establish supply agreements with insurance companies by promoting our ability to achieve high net returns and broader access to buyers through our national coverage and electronic commerce capabilities. By utilizing our existing insurance company seller relationships, we are able to build new seller relationships and pursue additional supply agreements in existing and new markets. Expand Our Service Offerings to Sellers and Members Over the past several years, we have expanded our available service offerings to vehicle sellers and members. The primary focus of these new service offerings is to maximize returns to our sellers and maximize product value to our members. This includes, for our sellers, access to sales data over the internet, the ability to respond on a national scale, and for our members, the implementation of VB3 bidding at substantially all of our facilities, thereby permitting members at any location worldwide to participate in the sales at our yards. We plan to continue to refine and expand our services, including offering software that can assist our sellers in expediting claims and salvage management tools that help sellers integrate their systems with ours. Our Competitive Advantages We believe that the following attributes and the services that we offer position us to take advantage of many opportunities in the online vehicle auction and services industry: Geographic Coverage and Ability to Respond on a Global Scale Since our inception in 1982, we have expanded from a single facility in Vallejo, California to an integrated network of facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain. In Germany and Spain, we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle’s residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured. We offer integrated services to our vehicle sellers, which allow us to respond to the needs of our sellers and members with maximum efficiency. Our coverage provides our sellers with key advantages, including: • attractiveness and efficiency to buyers, leading to enhanced selling prices for vehicles; • a reduction in administrative time and effort; 5 Table of Contents • a reduction in overall vehicle transportation costs; • convenient local facilities; • improved access to buyers throughout the world; • a prompt response in the event of a natural disaster or other catastrophe; and • consistency in products and services. Services We believe that we offer the most comprehensive range of services in our industry, including: • internet bidding, internet proxy bidding, and virtual sales powered by VB3, which enhance the competitive bidding process; • mobile applications, which allow members to search, bid, create watch lists, join auctions, and bid in numerous languages from anywhere; • a tailored experience by way of predictive analytics through collaborative filtering, such as the Recommendations Engine feature that suggests similar makes and models based on a member’s behavior; • Buy It Now, which provides an option to our members to purchase specific vehicles immediately at a set price before the live auction process; • Make An Offer, which provides an option to our members to submit an offer amount on certain selected vehicles and if the offer is accepted, purchase the vehicle before the live auction process; • online payment capabilities via our ePay product, credit cards, and financing programs; • email and text notifications available in numerous languages to potential buyers of vehicles that match desired characteristics; • sophisticated vehicle processing at storage sites, including digital imaging of each vehicle and the scanning of each vehicle’s title and other significant documents such as body shop invoices, all of which are available from us over the internet; • expedited process to assess total loss through our Total Loss Express 360 and Rapid Total Loss AI tools; • title procurement and loan payoff services offered through Title Express; • specialty sales, which allow buyers the opportunity to focus on such select types of vehicles as motorcycles, heavy equipment, boats, recreational vehicles, and rental cars; • interactive online , which allows sellers who have placed a minimum bid or a bid to be approved on a vehicle to directly the current high bidder; and • Night Cap sales, which provides an additional opportunity for bidding on vehicles that have not previously achieved their minimum bid. Proven Ability to Acquire and Integrate Acquisitions We have a proven track record of successfully acquiring and integrating facilities. Since becoming a public company in 1994, we have completed acquisitions of facilities in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the U.A.E., Germany, Finland, and Spain. As part of our acquisition and integration strategy, we seek to: • expand our global presence; • strengthen our networks and access new markets; • utilize our existing corporate and technology infrastructure over a larger base of operations; and • introduce our comprehensive services and operational expertise. 6 Table of Contents We strive to integrate all new facilities and companies, when appropriate, into our existing network without disruption of service to vehicle sellers. We typically retain existing employees at acquired facilities in order to retain knowledge about, and respond to, the local market. Technology to Enhance and Expand Our Business We have developed management information and proprietary software systems that allow us to deliver a fully integrated service offering. Our proprietary software programs provide vehicle sellers with online access to data and reports regarding their vehicles being processed at any of our facilities. This technology allows vehicle sellers to monitor each stage of our vehicle sales process, from pick up to sale and settlement by the buyer. Our full range of internet services allows us to expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process and helps to minimize the administrative and processing costs for us, as well as our sellers. We believe that our integrated technology systems generate improved capacity and financial returns for our clients, resulting in high client retention, and allow us to expand our national supply contracts. Our Business Segments Our U.S. and International regions are considered two separate operating segments and are disclosed as two reportable segments. The segments represent geographic areas and reflect how the chief operating decision maker allocates resources and measures results, including total revenues, operating income and income before income taxes. For the year ended July 31, 2024, we generated 81.8% of our revenue in our U.S. segment and 18.2% in our international segment. Geographic information as well as comparative segment revenues and related financial information pertaining to the U.S. and International segments for the years ended July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are presented in the tables in Note 14 — Segments and Other Geographic Reporting , to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our Service Offerings We offer vehicle sellers a full range of vehicle services, which expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, helping to maximize proceeds and minimize costs. Not all service offerings are available in all markets. Additionally, in some cases a service offering may be applicable only to a particular subsidiary or operating segment. Our service offerings include the following: Online Seller Access Through Copart Access, our service for vehicle sellers, we enable sellers to assign vehicles for sale, check sales calendars, view vehicle images and history, view and reprint body shop invoices and towing receipts, and view the historical performance of the vehicles sold at our sales. Salvage Estimation Services We offer Copart ProQuote, a proprietary service that assists sellers in the vehicle claims evaluation process by providing online salvage value estimates, which helps sellers determine whether to repair a vehicle or deem it a total loss. IntelliSeller We offer IntelliSeller, an automated tool leveraging our vast and detailed vehicle and sales data to assist our sellers in making vital auction decisions. Using machine learning, IntelliSeller optimizes the utilization of our vehicle and sales data to determine when to establish minimum bid values and suggest when to a unit to ensure optimal returns while minimizing cycle time. Estimating Services We offer vehicle sellers in the U.K. estimating services for vehicles taken to our facilities. Estimating services provide our insurance company sellers repair estimates, which allow the insurance company to determine if the vehicle is a total loss vehicle. If the vehicle is determined to be a total loss, it is generally assigned to us to sell. 7 Table of Contents Vehicle Processing In the U.K., we are an authorized treatment facility for the disposal of vehicles. Transportation Services In the U.S. segment, we perform transportation services through a combination of vehicle transport companies and our fleet. We maintain contracts with vehicle transport companies, which enable us to pick up most of our sellers’ vehicles within 24 hours. Our national network and transportation capabilities provide cost and time savings to our vehicle sellers and offer timely vehicle pick up and prompt response to catastrophes and natural disasters in the U.S. In the International segment, we perform transportation services through a combination of our fleet and vehicle transport companies. Our international network and transportation capabilities provide cost and time savings to our vehicle sellers throughout the U.K. Europe, Canada, Brazil and Middle east market. Vehicle Inspection Stations We offer some of our major insurance company sellers office and yard space to house vehicle inspection stations at our facilities. We have over 100 vehicle inspection stations at our facilities. An vehicle inspection station provides our insurance company sellers with a central location to inspect potential total loss vehicles, which reduces storage charges that otherwise may be incurred at the initial storage or repair facility. Reporting We provide vehicle sellers with real time data for vehicles that we process for the seller. This includes vehicle sellers’ gross and net returns on each vehicle, service charges, and other data that enable our vehicle sellers to more easily administer and monitor the vehicle disposition process. In addition, we have developed a database containing over 300 fields of and historical information accessible by our sellers allowing for their generation of custom ad hoc reports and customer specific analysis. Title Processing We have extensive expertise in DMV document and title processing. We have developed a computer system which provides a direct link to the DMV computer systems of multiple states, allowing us to expedite the processing of vehicle title paperwork. Title Express We also facilitate the title transfer from the original owner or financial institutions on behalf of some of our sellers to streamline the documentation and vehicle auction process. Loan Payoff We can obtain loan payoff information electronically from hundreds of automotive lenders, including the remaining balance due and per diem on a vehicle loan, to expedite the loan payoff and title transfer process. Flexible Vehicle Processing Programs At the election of the seller, we sell vehicles pursuant to our Percentage Incentive Program (“PIP”), Consignment Program, or Purchase Program. Under each program we may provide merchandising services such as covering or taping openings to protect vehicle interiors from weather, washing vehicle exteriors, vacuuming vehicle interiors, cleaning and polishing dashboards and tires, making keys for drivable vehicles, and identifying drivable vehicles. We believe our merchandising efforts increase the sales prices of the vehicles, thereby increasing the return on vehicles to both vehicle sellers and us. Percentage Incentive Program. Under PIP, we agree to sell all of the vehicles of a seller in a specified market, usually for a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price. Because our revenues under PIP are directly linked to the vehicle’s sale price, we have an incentive to actively merchandise those vehicles to maximize the net return. We provide the vehicle seller, at our expense, with transportation of the vehicle to our nearest facility. 8 Table of Contents Consignment Program. Under our Consignment Program, we sell vehicles for a fixed consignment fee. Although sometimes included in the consignment fee, we may also charge additional fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to our nearest facility, storage of the vehicle, and other incidental costs. Purchase Program. Under the Purchase Program, we purchase vehicles from a vehicle seller at a formula price, based on a percentage of the vehicles’ estimated PAV, and sell the vehicles for our own account. Currently, the purchase program is offered primarily in the U.K. Buy It Now, Make An Offer We offer an option to our members to purchase specific vehicles immediately at a set price before the live auction process. This enables us to provide a fast, easy, transparent and comprehensive buying option on these vehicles. Additionally, members have the option of submitting an offer amount on certain selected vehicles. If an offer is accepted, the member can purchase the vehicle before the live auction process. Sales Process We offer a flexible and unique sales process designed to maximize the sale prices of the vehicles utilizing VB3. VB3 opens our sales process to members and the general public to view auctions via our website and our mobile application anywhere in the world where internet access is available. The VB3 technology and model employs a bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature that allows a member to enter bids either over the internet during the preview days. To improve the effectiveness of bidding, the VB3 system lets a member see the current high bid on the vehicle they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is an open bid format similar to eBay ® . Members enter the maximum price they are willing to pay for a vehicle and VB3’s BID4U feature will incrementally bid the vehicle on their behalf during all steps of the auction. Preliminary bidding ends at a specified time prior to the start of a second bidding step, an virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to bid against each other and the highest preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the internet in real time, and then BID4U submits bids for the highest preliminary bidder, up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown or any extensions, the vehicle sells to the highest bidder. BluCar We provide financial institutions, fleet and rental car companies with an efficient method to sell their vehicles. We have a dedicated team of employees that support the processing and remarketing of BluCar vehicles. Copart Dealer Services We provide franchise and independent dealers with a convenient method to sell their through any of our facilities. We have a dedicated team of employees in the U.S. that target these dealers and work with them throughout the sales process. Cash For Cars We provide the general public with a fast and convenient method to sell their vehicles. Anyone can go to CashForCars.com; CashForCars.ca; CashForCars.de, CashForCars.co.uk, or .ie and arrange to obtain a valid offer to purchase their vehicle. Upon acceptance of our offer to purchase their vehicle, we provide them payment for their vehicle and then sell the vehicle on our own behalf. 9 Table of Contents National Powersport Auctions In the U.S., we provide wholesale powersport vehicle remarketing services through live and online auction platforms to dealers, financial institutions and Original Equipment Manufacturers through our subsidiary National Powersport Auctions (“NPA”). Powersports include for example motorcycles, recreational vehicles, boats and RVs. NPA also offers comprehensive data services including the NPA Value Guide TM , which we believe is the industry’s most accurate wholesale valuation tool. NPA corporate offices are located in San Diego, California; and they operate from locations throughout the United States. Purple Wave Inc. In the U.S., through our majority ownership of Purple Wave Inc. (“Purple Wave”) we provide wholesale construction, agriculture, and fleet remarketing services through online auctions at www.purplewave.com, selling such items directly from the sellers location. Purple Wave Inc. offers a range of services including appraisals, listings, marketing, and post auction shipping. The Purple Wave corporate office is located in Manhattan, Kansas. Copart Recycling In the U.K., we have two facilities for U-Pull It from which the public can purchase parts from salvaged and vehicles. In general, the buyer is responsible for detaching the parts from the vehicle and any associated hauling or transportation of the parts after detachment. After the valuable parts have been removed by the buyer, the remaining parts and car body are sold for their scrap value. We also operate GPS which dismantles vehicles and sells used parts. Copart 360 We pioneered posting vehicle images online for buyers in 2001, and we have been improving the technology to provide top quality photos since then. In July 2020, we enhanced online images and videos by launching Copart 360 (“C360”), our proprietary technology that captures clear 360-degree views of interiors and exteriors of cars, trucks, and vans across U.S. Copart locations. This capability was expanded to the U.K. in fiscal 2021. Interested buyers can view everything from the backseat to the dashboard to the tires by clicking the 360° icon under vehicle images on select lot details pages on Copart.com. Buyers can also zoom in and out or expand to full screen on computers or mobile devices. Membership Tiers We now offer three tiers of membership in the U.S. - Guest, Basic, and Premier - for those registering to buy vehicles through Copart.com. Guest Member Benefits Guest members can sign up for free to add their favorite vehicles to their Watchlist, set up Vehicle Alerts to get notified when we add specific vehicles they’re looking for and view our inventory from their desktop computer or mobile device via our mobile application. Basic Member Benefits Basic member benefits include: • view multiple online auctions in (live); • bid on one vehicle at a time without a deposit, or up to five with a deposit; • save favorite searches; and • get access to member appreciation events. Premier Member Benefits Premier member benefits include all basic member benefits, as well as, the following: • bid on multiple vehicles at the same time; 10 Table of Contents • get priority placement in phone and chat support; • access the Virtual Queue which provides expedited service at our locations; and • get a complimentary safety vest (one per membership year) and water bottle at our locations. Sales We process vehicles from hundreds of different vehicle sellers. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022 and our business does not depend on any particular customer to remain profitable. We obtained 81%, 83%, and 80% of the total number of vehicles processed during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, from insurance company sellers. We typically contract with the national, regional or branch office of an insurance company or other vehicle sellers. The agreements are customized to each vehicle seller’s needs and often provide for the disposition of different types of salvage vehicles by differing methods. Our arrangements generally provide that we will sell total loss and recovered stolen vehicles generated by the vehicle seller in a designated geographic area. We market our services to vehicle sellers through an sales force that utilizes a variety of sales techniques, including personal sales calls, internet search engines, employee referrals, tow shop referrals, and participation in trade shows and vehicle and insurance industry conventions, targeted mailing of our sales literature, and telemarketing. We market our services to franchise and independent dealerships, as well as the general public. We may, when appropriate, provide vehicle sellers with detailed analysis of the net return on vehicles and a proposal setting forth ways in which we believe that we can improve net returns on vehicles and reduce administrative costs and expenses. During our last three fiscal years, most of our revenue was generated within the U.S. and a majority of our assets are located within the U.S. Please see Note 14 — Segments and Other Geographic Reporting in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the geographic location of our sales and our assets. Members We maintain a database of approximately 1 million registered members (“buyers”) in the vehicle dismantling and recycling, rebuilding, used vehicle dealer and export industries, as well as members that are a part of the general public, where applicable. We believe that we have established a broad international and domestic buyer base by providing members with a variety of programs and services. To become a registered member, a person or business must complete a basic application either online or through our mobile application. Before any member may purchase a vehicle, they must provide copies of current government issued photo identification. Additionally, business members must provide current business information, including copies of licenses, which may include vehicle dismantler, dealer, resale, repair or export licenses, and as needed, completed sales tax exemption certificates. Registration entitles a member to transact business at any of our auctions, subject to local licensing and permitting requirements. We may sell to the general public either directly or members may purchase a vehicle offered at Copart through a registered broker who meets local licensing and permitting requirements. Strict admission procedures are intended to prevent frivolous bids that will not result in a completed sale. We market to members online and via email notifications, sales notices, telemarketing, direct mail, marketing, search engines, social media, radio, television, trade publications, and participation in trade show events. Competition We face significant competition from other remarketers of both salvage and vehicles. Against these other vehicle remarketers, we face competition for contractual commitments and various supply agreements with sellers, in addition to competition for the acquisition of vehicle storage facilities. We believe our principal competitors include vehicle auction and sales companies and vehicle dismantlers. These national, regional, and local competitors may have established relationships with vehicle sellers and buyers and may have financial resources that are greater than ours. The largest national or regional vehicle auctioneers in the U.S. include Ritchie Bros. (including its subsidiary Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc.); Carvana, Openlane, Manheim, Inc. and ACV Auctions Inc. The largest national dismantler in the U.S. is LKQ Corporation (“LKQ”). LKQ, in addition to trade groups of dismantlers such as the American Recycling Association, United Recyclers Group LLC and other regional and local dismantlers, may purchase salvage vehicles directly from insurance companies, thereby bypassing vehicle remarketing companies like Copart entirely. In our International markets, our principal competitors are vehicle auction and sales companies, vehicle dismantlers, and independent remarketers. 11 Table of Contents Management Information Systems Our primary yard management information system consists of a series of IBM AS/400 mainframe computer systems and other servers which run our proprietary software developed to process salvage sales vehicles throughout the auction process. This system is integrated with the internet to enable buyers to view salvage vehicles and bid on them. It can also be integrated with the seller’s system and enables the sellers to monitor their vehicles and analyze the progression of vehicles through the auction process. Our VB3 auction platform is served by an array of identical , servers. Each individual sale is configured to run on an available server in the array and can be rapidly provisioned to any other available server in the array as required. We have invested in production data centers that are designed to continuously operate to support the business, even in the event of an emergency. The data centers’ electrical and mechanical systems are continually monitored. The data centers are located in areas generally considered to be free of frequent disasters and earthquakes. We operate fully redundant infrastructure to ensure ongoing operations, even in the event of physical damage to one of our data centers. We have a proprietary enterprise operating system that provides and capabilities, thereby facilitating future international expansion. We began using our internally developed proprietary system with our expansion into Spain in fiscal 2016 and Germany in fiscal 2017. Employees and Human Capital Our ability to build value depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop, and motivate talented personnel at all levels within our global enterprise. Our employees are our greatest asset. Our goal is to create a strong culture built upon our foundational core values: act with integrity; be an owner; challenge the norm; get results; and celebrate our people. We have a diverse, workforce and we celebrate our diversity by promoting inclusion across our global organization. As of July 31, 2024, we had approximately 11,700 full and employees, of which approximately 65% were located in the U.S. and 35% were located within our International segment. Of the approximately 7,600 full and employees based in the U.S, approximately 53% of them identify as male, 46% as female, and 1% are undisclosed. We also believe our U.S. workforce is ethnically diverse. As of July 31, 2024, our U.S. workforce consisted of approximately 45% individuals identifying as White, 22% as Hispanic or Latino, 15% as Black or African American, 6% as Asian, 3% as two or more races and 9% as other or as not disclosed. Additionally, of the approximately 878 employees serving in the U.S. in management roles and above, up to and including executive s, 54% identify as male and 46% identify as female. Of the approximately 4,100 employees based within the International segment, approximately 65% of them identify as male and 35% as female. We also believe our International workforce is ethnically diverse. As of July 31, 2024, our International workforce consisted of approximately 49% individuals identifying as White, 37% as Asian, 2% as Black or African, 3% as Hispanic or Latino, 3% as two or more races, 6% as other or as not disclosed. Additionally, of the approximately 508 employees serving Internationally in management roles and above, up to and including executives, 69% identify as male and 31% identify as female. At Copart, our human resources function known as People and Culture, plays a vital role in creating a supportive and productive work environment for all employees. Our People and Culture department is dedicated to fostering a culture of growth, collaboration, and employee with a “people first” mindset. We understand that our people are our most valuable asset, and our People and Culture team is committed to providing comprehensive support across various aspects of the employee lifecycle. We identify and attract top talent that aligns with our values and objectives. We carefully manage the recruitment process, from drafting job descriptions and posting vacancies to conducting interviews and making hiring decisions. We leverage online search tools, recruiting firms, employee referral programs and university recruiting. We offer a combination of competitive salaries, equity incentives and bonus plans. Our Employee Development and Training Department plays a crucial role in driving organizational growth by equipping our employees with the skills and knowledge they need to succeed. This department designs and delivers comprehensive 12 Table of Contents training from compliance to leadership development. By aligning training initiatives with corporate goals, the team ensures that employees are not only to meet current job demands but are also . Through a blend of sessions and virtual learning opportunities, the Training Department supports and promotes a culture of excellence, innovation, and career progression across the organization. Our executive compensation structure aligns incentives with our company’s strategic growth objectives, including share price appreciation. In that regard, our executive compensation programs place greater weighting on equity compensation than other forms of compensation offered to all employees. For more details regarding our executive compensation, refer to information incorporated by reference from the information set forth under the captions “Executive Compensation” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” in our proxy statement. Once a new team member joins us, our People and Culture department works to provide for a seamless onboarding process, helping them integrate into our culture and hit the ground running. The People and Culture team oversees performance management processes that help employees understand their goals and expectations. We facilitate regular performance discussions, feedback sessions, and goal setting to ensure alignment with our corporate objectives, driving a clear path to advancement. We prioritize the and satisfaction of our employees. We organize various engagement initiatives, including events, wellness programs, and recognition efforts to celebrate achievements and milestones. We are dedicated to maintaining a positive and inclusive work environment where every employee feels valued and supported. We provide comprehensive, generous benefits and compensation packages, ensuring that they remain competitive within the industry. We address inquiries about benefits, such as healthcare, retirement plans, and other rewards, to guarantee that our employees have access to the resources they need for a fulfilling balance. Copart pays a sizable portion of the benefit premiums related to healthcare. Copart’s benefit plans are designed around health, financial security, life and education. These include a variety of medical plans, dental and vision coverage, and wellness programs in addition to external support networks. Environmental Matters Our operations are subject to international, federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. In some cases, we may acquire land with existing environmental issues, including landfills as an example. In the salvage vehicle remarketing industry, large numbers of wrecked vehicles are stored at storage facilities, requiring us to actively monitor and manage potential environmental impacts. In the U.K., we provide vehicle and crushing services for vehicles. We could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative, or remedial action and could be exposed to liability arising from our operations, contamination by previous users of certain of our acquired facilities or facilities which we may acquire in the future, or the disposal of our waste at locations. In addition to conducting environmental diligence on new site acquisitions, we also take such appropriate actions as may be necessary to avoid liability for activities of prior owners, and we have from time to time acquired insurance with respect to acquired facilities with known environmental risks. There can be no assurances, however, that these efforts to mitigate environmental risk will prove sufficient if we were to face material liabilities. We have incurred expenses for environmental remediation in the past, and environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time. There can be no assurance that we or our operations will not be subject to significant costs in the future or that environmental enforcement agencies at the state and federal level will not pursue enforcement actions against us. In addition to acquiring insurance in connection with certain acquisitions, we have also obtained indemnification for environmental liabilities from many of the persons and entities from whom we have acquired facilities, but there can be no assurance that such indemnifications will be available or sufficient. In addition, increased focus by the U.S. and other governmental authorities on climate change and other environmental matters may lead to enhanced regulation in these areas, which could also result in increased compliance costs and subject us to additional potential liabilities. The extent of these costs and risks is difficult to predict and will depend in large part on the extent of new regulations and the ways in which those regulations are enforced. Any such expenditures or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 13 Table of Contents Governmental Regulations Our operations are subject to regulation, supervision and licensing under various international, federal, provincial, state, and local statutes, ordinances and regulations that may impact our capital expenditures, earnings, and competitive position. The acquisition and sale of vehicles is regulated by various state, provincial and foreign motor vehicle departments, and the steps required to process vehicle titles is a significant cost of our business. Our in the area of title processing is a competitive advantage. In addition to the regulation of sales and acquisitions of vehicles, we are also subject to various local zoning requirements with regard to the location of our storage facilities, which generally make it more challenging and expensive to identify, acquire and develop new facilities. These zoning requirements vary from location to location. At various times, we may be involved in disputes with governmental officials regarding the development and/or operation of our business facilities. We believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable regulatory requirements. We may be subject to similar types of regulations by international, federal, provincial, state, and local governmental agencies in new markets. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights In 2008, we obtained a patent issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office that covers certain aspects of our virtual bidding auction platform, VB3. Generally, patents issued in the U.S. are effective for 20 years from the earliest asserted filing date of the patent application. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with the provisions of applicable local law. We also rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws, as well as contractual agreements to safeguard our proprietary rights in technology and products. In seeking to limit access to sensitive information to the greatest practical extent, we routinely enter into confidentiality and assignment of invention agreements with certain of our employees and consultants and nondisclosure agreements with our key customers and vendors. Seasonality Historically, our consolidated results of operations have been subject to quarterly variations based on a variety of factors, of which the primary influence is the seasonal change in weather patterns. During the winter months we tend to have higher demand for our services because there are more accidents. Severe weather events, including but not limited to tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and hailstorms, can also impact our volumes. Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment decision. Our business could be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, materialize. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing the risks described below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and schedules, and other filings with the SEC. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position, and an inability to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our growth rates. Although no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022, a limited number of vehicle sellers historically have collectively accounted for a substantial portion of our revenues. Vehicle sellers have terminated agreements with us in the past in particular markets, which has affected revenues in those markets. There can be no assurance that our existing agreements will not be canceled. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into future agreements with vehicle sellers or that we will be able to retain our existing supply of salvage vehicles. A reduction in vehicles from a significant vehicle seller or any material changes in the terms of an arrangement with a significant vehicle seller could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. In addition, a failure to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our earnings and revenue growth rates. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S., including expansions in the U.K., Canada, Europe, Brazil, and the Middle East expose us to risks arising from operating in international markets. Any failure to successfully integrate 14 Table of Contents businesses acquired or operational capabilities established outside the U.S. could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We first expanded our operations outside the U.S. in fiscal 2003 with an acquisition in Canada. Subsequently, in fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008 we made significant acquisitions in the U.K., followed by acquisitions in the U.A.E., Brazil, Germany, and Spain in fiscal 2013, expansions into Bahrain and Oman in fiscal 2015, expansion into the Republic of Ireland and India in fiscal 2016, an acquisition in Finland in fiscal 2018, and an acquisition of a parts recycler in the U.K. in fiscal 2022. We continue to evaluate acquisitions and other opportunities outside of the U.S. Acquisitions or other strategies to expand our operations outside of the U.S. pose substantial risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. In particular, we may not be successful in realizing anticipated synergies from these acquisitions, or we may experience unanticipated costs or expenses integrating the acquired operations into our existing business. We have and may continue to incur substantial expenses establishing new yards and operations, acquiring buyers and sellers, and implementing shared services capabilities in international markets. Among other things, we plan to ultimately deploy our proprietary auction technologies at all of our foreign operations and we cannot predict whether this deployment will be successful or will result in increases in the revenues or operating efficiencies of any acquired companies relative to their historic operating performance. Integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses such as capital expenditures that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. As we continue to expand our business internationally, we will need to develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale. Operationally, acquired businesses typically depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. Moreover, success in opening and operating facilities in new markets can be dependent upon establishing new relationships with buyers and sellers, and our failure to establish those relationships could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and future operating results. In addition, we anticipate our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including: • the difficulty of managing and staffing foreign offices; • the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; • the need to localize our mix of product and service offerings in response to customer requirements, particularly the need to implement our online auction platform in foreign countries; • the need to comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations; • tariffs, trade barriers, trade disputes, and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to operate in certain foreign markets; • exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, which may have an adverse impact on our revenues and revenue growth rates; • adapting to different business cultures, languages, and market structures, particularly where we seek to implement our auction model in markets where insurers have historically not played a substantial role in the disposition of salvage vehicles; • repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions to the U.S., which may result in higher effective tax rates; • military conflicts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and recent events in the Middle East; • public health issues, such as the pandemic and other pandemics; • environmental issues; • natural and disasters; and • political issues. 15 Table of Contents As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. Our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud. Consumer concerns over the security of transactions conducted on the internet or the privacy of users may inhibit the growth of the internet and online commerce. To securely transmit confidential information such as customer credit card numbers, we rely on encryption and authentication technology. Unanticipated events or developments could result in a compromise or breach of the systems we use to protect customer transaction data. Furthermore, our servers may also be vulnerable to viruses transmitted via the internet and other points of access. While we proactively check for intrusions into our infrastructure, a new or undetected virus could cause a service disruption. We maintain an information security program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. Despite these mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. Under current credit card practices, we may be held liable for fraudulent credit card transactions and other payment disputes with customers. As such, we have implemented certain measures, including credit card verification procedures. However, a failure to adequately prevent fraudulent credit card transactions could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, insufficiency, or defective design. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. Implementation of our online auction model in new markets may not result in the same synergies and benefits that we achieved when we implemented the model in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. We believe that the implementation of our proprietary auction technologies across our operations had a favorable impact on our results of operations by increasing the size and geographic scope of our buyer base, increasing the average selling price for vehicles sold through our sales, and lowering expenses associated with vehicle sales. For example, we implemented our online system across all of our U.S., Canada, and the U.K. salvage yards between fiscal 2004 and fiscal 2008 and experienced increases in revenues and average selling prices, as well as improved operating efficiencies in those markets. In considering new markets, we consider the potential synergies from the implementation of our model based in large part on our experience in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. However, we cannot predict whether these synergies will also be realized in new markets. Failure to maintain sufficient capacity to accept additional vehicles at one or more of our storage facilities could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of vehicles. Capacity at our storage facilities varies from period to period and from region to region. For example, following adverse weather conditions in a particular area, our yards in that area may fill and limit our ability to accept additional salvage vehicles while we process existing inventories. For example, Hurricane Ida had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results, in part because of yard capacity constraints in the impacted areas of the U.S. We regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and where appropriate, seek to increase capacity through the acquisition of additional land and yards. We may not be able to reach agreements to purchase independent storage facilities in markets where we have limited excess capacity, zoning restrictions or difficulties obtaining and maintaining use permits, which may limit our ability to sustain and expand our capacity through acquisitions of new land. Failure to have sufficient capacity at one or more of our yards could adversely affect our relationships with insurance companies or other sellers of vehicles, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 16 Table of Contents Because the growth of our business has been due in large part to acquisitions and development of new facilities, the rate of growth of our business and revenues may decline if we are not able to successfully complete acquisitions and develop new facilities. We seek to increase our sales and profitability through the acquisition of complementary businesses, additional facilities and the development of new facilities. For example, in fiscal 2022, we opened one new operational facility in Canada, one new operational facility in Spain, and five new operational facilities in the U.S. In fiscal 2023, we opened one new operational facility in Brazil, one new operational facility in Germany, one new operational facility in Canada, and eight new operational facilities in the U.S. In fiscal 2024, we opened three new operational facilities in the U.K., one new operational facility in Spain, one new operational facility in Canada, and four new operational facility in the U.S. As for strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses, we acquired National Powersport Auctions in fiscal 2017, we acquired Hills Motors in fiscal 2022, a used, or “green” parts recycler in the U.K. that has four operating facilities and in fiscal 2024, we acquired Purple Wave, Inc. an online offsite heavy equipment auction company. Acquisitions are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including competition among prospective buyers, the availability of affordable financing in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. There can be no assurance that we will be able to: • continue to acquire additional facilities on favorable terms; • expand existing facilities in regulatory environments; • obtain or retain buyers, sellers, and sales volumes in new markets or facilities; • increase revenues and profitability at acquired and new facilities; • maintain the historical revenue and earnings growth rates we have been able to obtain through facility openings and strategic acquisitions; • create new vehicle storage facilities that meet our current revenue and profitability requirements; or • obtain necessary regulatory approvals under applicable antitrust and competition laws. Acquisitions typically will increase our sales and profitability, although given the typical size of our acquisitions to date, most acquisitions will not individually have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We may not always be able to introduce our processes and selling platform to acquired companies due to different operating models in international jurisdictions or other facts. As a result, the associated benefits of acquisitions may be delayed for years. During this period, the acquisitions may operate at a loss and certain acquisitions, while profitable, may operate at a margin percentage that is below our overall operating margin percentage and, accordingly, have an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Hence, the conversion periods vary from weeks to years and cannot be predicted. In addition, certain of the acquisition agreements under which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot assure that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements. Any failure to continue to successfully identify and complete acquisitions and develop new facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. As we continue to expand our operations, our failure to manage growth could harm our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities, but also on our ability to: • hire, train and manage additional qualified personnel; • establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers; • identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms; • secure adequate capital; • identify productive uses for available capital reserves; and • maintain the supply of vehicles from vehicle sellers. Our inability to control or manage these growth factors effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 17 Table of Contents If we experience problems with our subhaulers and trucking fleet operations, our business could be harmed. We rely primarily upon independent subhaulers to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our storage facilities in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain. We also utilize, to a lesser extent, independent subhaulers in the U.K. Our failure to pick up and deliver vehicles in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, an increase in fuel cost may lead to increased prices charged by our independent subhaulers, which may significantly increase our cost. We may not be able to pass these costs on to our sellers or buyers. In addition to using independent subhaulers, in the U.S., the U.K. and Germany we utilize a fleet of company trucks to pick up and deliver vehicles to and from our storage facilities in those geographies. In connection therewith, we are subject to the risks associated with providing trucking services, including but not limited to inclement weather, disruptions in transportation infrastructure, accidents and related injury claims, availability and price of fuel, any of which could result in an increase in our operating expenses and reduction in our net income. New member programs could impact our operating results. We have initiated and intend to continue to initiate programs to open our auctions to the general public. These programs include the Registered Broker program through which the public can purchase vehicles through a registered member, and Copart Lounge programs through which registered members can open Copart storefronts in foreign markets with internet kiosks enabling the general public to search our inventory and purchase vehicles. Initiating programs that allow access to our online auctions to the general public will involve material expenditures and we cannot predict what future benefit, if any, will be derived. These programs could also create additional risks including heightened regulation and litigation risk related to vehicle sales to the general public, and heightened branding, reputational, and intellectual property risk associated with allowing Copart registered members to establish storefronts in foreign jurisdictions. Factors such as mild weather conditions can have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results, as well as our revenue and earnings growth rates, by reducing the available supply of salvage vehicles. Conversely, extreme weather conditions can result in an oversupply of salvage vehicles that requires us to incur abnormal expenses to respond to market demands. Mild weather conditions tend to result in a decrease in the available supply of salvage vehicles because traffic accidents decrease and fewer automobiles are damaged. Accordingly, mild weather can have an adverse effect on our salvage vehicle supply, which would be expected to have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating results and related growth rates. Conversely, our salvage vehicle supply will tend to increase in poor weather such as a harsh winter or as a result of adverse conditions such as flooding. During periods of mild weather conditions, our ability to increase our revenues and improve our operating results and related growth will be increasingly dependent on our ability to obtain additional vehicle sellers and to compete more effectively in the market, each of which is subject to the other risks and uncertainties described in these sections. In addition, extreme weather conditions, although they increase the available supply of salvage cars, can have an adverse effect on our operating results. For example, during fiscal 2023, we recognized substantial additional costs associated with Hurricane Ian. Weather events have had, in certain quarters, an adverse effect on our operating results

[truncated]