MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 27 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 36 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 37 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 65 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 65 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 66 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 66 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 67 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 67 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 67 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 67 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 67 PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 68 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 70 3 In this report, all references to "Jack Henry," the “Company," “we," “us," and “our," refer to Jack Henry & Associates, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months, or periods refer to the Company's fiscal years ended in June and the associated quarters, months, and periods of those fiscal years. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “ statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “strategy,” “predict,” “likely,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar expressions. statements are based only on management’s current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of the Company, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in particular, those included in Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of this report, and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. Any statement made in this report speaks only as of the date of this report, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any statement, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. 4 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. ® is a financial technology company that strengthens connections between financial institutions and the people and businesses they serve. For 50 years, we have provided technology solutions to help banks and credit unions innovate faster, strategically differentiate, and successfully compete while serving the evolving needs of their accountholders. We empower over 7,200 financial institutions and diverse corporate entities with innovation, personal service, and solutions. Mission Statement We strengthen the connections between people and their financial institutions through technology and services that reduce the barriers to financial health. This mission has always been part of the foundation on which Jack Henry was built. Our founders, Jack Henry and Jerry Hall, were committed to their community and believed they could help financial institutions better serve the needs of their accountholders by using more innovative technology and services. Since our founding in 1976, much has changed, but our commitment to supporting community and regional banks and credit unions remains unwavering. We continue to be guided by our founding philosophy: do the right thing, do whatever it takes, and have fun. Who We Serve We provide products and services primarily to community and regional banks and credit unions (see "Our Industry" below): • Core bank integrated data processing systems are provided to over 900 banks. Our banking solutions support both and private cloud operating environments with functionality for core processing platforms and integrated complementary solutions. • Core credit union data processing solutions are provided to credit unions of all sizes, with a client base of over 700 credit unions. We offer a flagship core processing platform and integrated complementary solutions that support both and private cloud operating environments. • products and services are also provided to banks and credit unions. We offer complementary solutions that include highly specialized financial performance, imaging and payment solutions, information security and risk management, retail delivery, and online and mobile functionality. These products and services enhance the performance of banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters, and diverse corporate entities. In total, we serve approximately 5,600 clients. Our products and services provide our clients with solutions that can be tailored to support their unique growth, service, operational, and performance goals. Our solutions also enable banks and credit unions to offer the products and services required by their accountholders to compete more successfully and to capitalize on evolving trends shaping the financial services industry. We are committed to exceeding our clients’ expectations. We measure and monitor their satisfaction using a variety of surveys, such as an annual survey on the client's anniversary date and online surveys initiated each day by routine support requests to ensure feedback is received throughout the year. The survey results are analyzed and provided to operational areas to ensure our service consistently exceeds our clients’ expectations. We believe this process ensures we understand the Voice of the Customer and contributes to our excellent retention rates. We focus on building client relationships and continually expanding and strengthening them. We do this through providing products and services aligned with our clients' strategies, acquiring new financial and clients, and ensuring our offerings remain highly competitive. The majority of our support and services revenue is derived from our private and public cloud services for our hosted clients that are typically on a contract, recurring electronic payment solutions that are generally on a contract term of six years, and our clients that are typically on a contract. Less predictable software license fees, paid by clients implementing our software solutions , and hardware sales, including all products that we in order to support our software systems, complement our primary revenue sources. Information regarding the classification of our business into four separate segments is set forth in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements (see Item 8). 5 We recognize that our associates and their collective contributions are ultimately responsible for Jack Henry's past, present, and future success. Recruiting and retaining associates is essential to our ongoing growth and financial performance, and we believe we have established an organizational culture that sustains high levels of associate engagement. For further discussion of our human capital considerations, see "Human Capital" below. Our Industry Our core banking solutions generally serve commercial banks and savings institutions from de novo banks to those with up to $55 billion in assets. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), there were approximately 4,300 commercial banks and savings institutions in the $55 billion and under asset range as of December 31, 2025, and we currently support over 900 of these banks with one of our three core information processing platforms and a significant number of complementary/payment products and services. Our core credit union solutions serve credit unions of all asset sizes. According to America's Credit Unions ("ACU") (formerly Credit Union National Association), there were approximately 4,400 domestic credit unions as of December 31, 2025, and we currently support over 700 of these credit unions with one flagship core information processing platform and a significant number of complementary/payment products and services. Our core agnostic solutions serve banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters and other diverse corporate entities. We support these organizations with specialized solutions for generating additional revenue and growth, increasing security, mitigating operational risks, and controlling operating costs. Our products and solutions are designed to support banks and credit unions of all asset sizes. We complete annual, testing to validate our scalability. Today, we support core clients with up to $55 billion in assets, payments clients with up to $200 billion and above in assets, and complementary clients with up to $500 billion and above in assets. The FDIC reports the number of commercial banks and savings institutions declined 13% from the end of calendar year 2020 to the end of calendar year 2025, due mainly to mergers and acquisitions. Although the number of banks continued to decline at a 3% compound annual rate during this period, aggregate assets increased at a compound annual rate of 3% and totaled $25.3 trillion as of December 31, 2025. There were four new bank charters issued in calendar year 2025 and six issued in the 2024 calendar year. Comparing calendar years 2025 to 2024, the number of transactions of banks acquiring or merging with other banks or credit unions increased 55%. ACU reports the number of credit unions declined 16% from the end of calendar year 2020 to the end of calendar year 2025. Although the number of credit unions declined at a 3% compound annual rate during this period, aggregate assets increased at a compound annual rate of 6% and totaled $2.5 trillion as of December 31, 2025. Despite continued industry consolidation, the average assets under management for our banking core clients grew from $1.29 billion to $1.42 billion, and the average assets under management for our credit union core clients grew from $1.20 billion to $1.31 billion. Community and regional banks and credit unions are vitally important to the communities, consumers, and businesses they serve as well as to the local economies where they operate. Bank and credit union accountholders rely on these institutions to provide personalized, relationship-based service, and competitive financial products and services available through the accountholders' delivery channel of choice. Institutions are recognizing that attracting and retaining accountholders in today’s highly competitive financial industry and realizing and performance goals are often technology dependent. Banks and credit unions must implement technological solutions that enable them to: • Offer digital strategies that provide the convenience-driven services required in today’s financial services industry. • Maximize performance with accessible, accurate, and timely business intelligence information. • Provide the products and services needed to successfully compete with traditional and competitors created by convergence within the financial services industry. • Foster growth and efficiency through delivering accountholders exceptional user experiences. • Expand existing accountholder relationships and strengthen exit barriers by cross selling additional products and services. • Capitalize on new revenue, and deposit and loan portfolio growth opportunities. • Increase operating efficiencies and reduce operating costs. • Protect information assets and operational infrastructure. • Protect accountholders with various security tools from fraud and related financial losses. 6 • Maximize the use of technology and return on technology investments. • Ensure full regulatory compliance. Jack Henry’s extensive product and service offerings help diverse banks and credit unions meet business challenges and capitalize on opportunities. We strive to get to know our clients, understand their strategies and challenges, and provide innovative solutions that help them achieve short- and success. Business Strategy Our fundamental business strategy is to generate organic revenue and earnings growth augmented by strategic acquisitions. Our strategy for the next three to five years is to enable banks and credit unions to win on exceptional user experience and trust through open, innovative technology, insights, and service, resulting in greater growth and efficiency. We intend to execute this strategy by: • Providing community and regional banks and credit unions with core processing systems that provide excellent functionality and support and private cloud delivery environments with identical functionality. • Expanding each core client relationship by complementary/payment products and services that enhance the functionality provided by our core processing systems. • Delivering highly specialized complementary/payment products and services to banks and credit unions, including institutions not utilizing one of our core processing systems, and diverse corporate entities. • Developing and deploying a technology modernization strategy to provide public solutions that provide clients with greater flexibility, optionality, open integration, speed to market, and other benefits. • Upholding a commitment to service that consistently exceeds our clients’ expectations and generates high levels of retention. • Carrying out a large client strategy that focuses on deep engagement with banks and credit unions to align objectives, optimize revenue streams, and foster collaborative growth and innovation through continuous engagement and commitment to excellence. • Growing our market share of services to small and businesses, offering features through banks and credit unions. • Expanding market share and adoption of payments capabilities and digital solutions. • Harnessing artificial intelligence ("AI") to boost internal efficiency and unlock new benefits for clients. • Fostering an open ecosystem and access to fintechs. • Building, maintaining, and enhancing a protected environment and tools that help our clients and Jack Henry protect accountholder data, assets, and comply with regulations. • Maintaining a disciplined acquisition strategy. Technology Modernization Strategy Our public technology modernization strategy seeks to enable our bank and credit union clients to innovate faster, differentiate themselves in the markets they serve, and meet the evolving needs of their accountholders. The Jack Henry Platform TM is the centerpiece of this strategy and operates as a single public , platform, which we are developing into a fully functional modern alternative for existing core functions. The platform includes services like wire transfers, a centralized data hub for reporting and analysis, exception item processing, general ledger, deposit servicing, and entitlements. These services can be combined with other Jack Henry public solutions, such as digital banking, digital payments, and fraud detection, as well as provider solutions on a single, unified platform. The Jack Henry Platform leverages public cloud advantages, including high system availability, rapid processing, modern security standards, easily deployable upgrades, and scalability. The Jack Henry Platform also serves as a connective layer across our existing core systems, linking foundational core capabilities with newer, rapidly evolving innovations. By providing a unified integration framework, the platform enables solutions such as stablecoin capabilities, Rapid Transfers, and Tap2Local TM to seamlessly extend across our core environments — allowing clients to adopt new functionality without disrupting their core operations. Small and Business (SMB) Strategy We are focused on helping banks and credit unions grow and better serve their SMB customers by delivering innovative, capabilities that enhance payment experiences and improve cash flow management. 7 A key component of this strategy is expanding access to modern, embedded payment capabilities that are for how SMBs and their customers transact today. Tap2Local TM enables secure, payments by allowing businesses to accept transactions directly through compatible mobile devices, reducing the need for dedicated hardware and simplifying the payment experience. This functionality helps small businesses more easily accept payments in a variety of settings while maintaining a seamless and secure connection to their financial institution. Rapid Transfers complements this capability by enabling faster movement of funds for both SMBs and consumers. By accelerating the availability of funds, Rapid Transfers helps improve liquidity, support more efficient cash flow management, and meet growing expectations for instant access to money. Together, these capabilities allow banks and credit unions to offer modern payment experiences that strengthen relationships with both business and retail accountholders. Acquisition Strategy We have a disciplined approach to acquisitions and have been successful in supplementing our organic growth with 36 strategic acquisitions since the end of fiscal year 1999. We continue to explore acquisitions that have the potential to: • Expand our suite of complementary/payment products and services. • Provide products and services that can be sold to both existing core and clients as well as outside our core base to new clients. • Accelerate our internal development efforts for technology modernization. • Provide selective opportunities to sell outside our traditional markets in the financial services industry. After 50 years in business, we have very few gaps in our product line, so it is increasingly difficult to find proven products or services that would enable our clients and prospects to better optimize their business opportunities or solve specific operational issues. In addition, we see few acquisition opportunities that would expand our market or enable our entry into adjacent markets within the financial services industry that are fairly priced or that we could assimilate into our Company without material distractions. We have a solid track record of executing acquisitions from both a financial and operational standpoint, and we will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities that support our strategic direction, complement and accelerate our organic growth, and generate profitable growth for our stockholders. While we seek to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities, we will continue to explore alternative ways to leverage our cash position and balance sheet to the benefit of our stockholders, such as continued investment in new products and services for our clients, repurchases of our stock, and continued payment of dividends. Our most recent acquisition was: Fiscal Year Company or Product Name Products and Services 2026 Victor Technologies, Inc. ("Victor") Provider of , embedded payments solutions. Solutions • Our core banking solutions support commercial banks with information and transaction processing platforms that provide automation. We have three functionally distinct core bank processing systems and many fully integrated complementary/payment solutions, including business intelligence and bank management, retail and business banking, digital and mobile internet banking and electronic payment solutions, fraud and risk management and protection, account origination, and item and document imaging solutions. Our core banking solutions have functional capabilities, and we can the hardware required by use of each software system. Our banking solutions can be delivered or through our private cloud delivery model and are backed by a commitment to provide exceptional client support. • Our core credit union solutions support credit unions of all sizes with an information and transaction processing platform that provides automation. Our solution includes one flagship core processing system and many fully integrated complementary/payment solutions, including business intelligence and credit union management, accountholder and accountholder business services, digital and mobile internet banking and electronic payment solutions, fraud and risk management and protection, account origination, and item and document imaging solutions. Our credit union solution also has functional capabilities. We also the hardware required by use of the software system. Our credit union solution can be 8 delivered , through our private cloud, or through our partner private cloud delivery models. Each is backed by our commitment to provide exceptional client support. • Our core agnostic solutions for banks, credit unions, and diverse corporate entities are specialized products and services assembled primarily through our focused diversification acquisition strategy. These solutions are compatible with a wide variety of information technology platforms and operating environments and offer a large number of complementary/payment solutions, including proven solutions for generating additional revenue and growth, increasing security and mitigating operational risks, and/or controlling operating costs. Our core agnostic products and services enhance the performance of banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters, and diverse corporate entities. These distinct products and services can be implemented individually or as solution suites to address specific business problems or needs and enable effective responses to dynamic industry trends. We are committed to developing and maintaining modern and integrated solutions supported by high service levels. We continuously update and improve these solutions through an interactive client enhancement process, ensuring compliance with relevant regulations, and incorporating proven advances in technology. Our goal is to uphold our Company's reputation as a premium solution and service provider. Core Software Systems Core software systems primarily consist of the integrated applications required to process deposit, loan, and general ledger transactions, and to maintain centralized accountholder information. Our core banking solutions consist of three software systems marketed to banks, and our core credit union solution consists of one software system marketed to credit unions. These core systems are available for installation at client sites, or banks and credit unions can choose to leverage our private cloud environment for ongoing information processing. Core banking platforms are: • SilverLake System ® , a robust system primarily designed for banks that currently serves banks with assets ranging from $1 billion to up to $55 billion. Some progressive smaller banks and de novo ( ) banks also select SilverLake. This system is in use by over 500 banks, and now serves approximately 13% of the domestic banks in the $55 billion and under asset range. • CIF 20/20 ® , a , system that now supports over 200 banks ranging from de novo institutions to those with assets of over $1 billion. • Core Director ® , a system with operation that now supports approximately 200 banks ranging from de novo institutions to those with assets of over $2 billion. Core credit union platform is: • Symitar ® (formerly known as Episys ® ), a robust system designed specifically for credit unions. It has been implemented by over 700 credit unions with assets ranging from $21 million to over $36 billion, and according to National Credit Union Administration ("NCUA") data, is the system implemented by more credit unions with assets exceeding $100 million than any other credit union core system. Clients electing to install our solutions license the proprietary software systems. The majority of these clients pay ongoing annual software maintenance fees. We the hardware, hardware maintenance, and peripheral equipment that is required by use of our software solutions; and we perform software implementation, data conversion, training, ongoing support, and other related services. clients generally license our core software systems under a standard license agreement that provides a fully paid, nonexclusive, nontransferable right to use the software on a single computer at a single location. Clients can eliminate the significant capital expenditures required by installations and the responsibility for operating information and transaction processing infrastructures by leveraging our private cloud environment for those functions. Our core private cloud services are provided through a highly resilient data center configuration across multiple physical locations. We also provide image item processing services from two host/archive sites and several key entry and balancing locations throughout the country. We print and mail accountholder statements for banks and credit unions from three regional printing and rendering centers. Clients electing to outsource their core processing typically sign contracts for six years that include "per account" fees and minimum guaranteed payments during the contract period. We are dedicated to meeting the evolving business needs of our core bank and credit union clients by continuously enhancing each core system, introducing new integrated complementary products regularly, integrating practical new technologies, and adhering to regulatory compliance initiatives. Additionally, we serve as a single point of contact for each core client for support and accountability. 9 Complementary Products and Services We have a large number of complementary products and services that are targeted to our core banks and credit unions. Many of these are selectively sold to banks and credit unions that use other core processing systems. These complementary solutions enable core bank and credit union clients to respond to evolving accountholder demands, expedite with competitive offerings, increase efficiency, address specific operational needs, and generate new revenue streams. The highly specialized solutions enable diverse banks, credit unions, and corporate entities to generate additional revenue and growth opportunities, increase security, mitigate operational risks, and control operating costs. We regularly introduce new products and services based on demand for integrated complementary solutions from our existing core clients and based on the growing demand among banks, credit unions, and corporate entities for specialized solutions capable of increasing revenue and growth opportunities, mitigating and controlling operational risks, and/or containing costs. Our Industry Research department solicits client guidance on the business solutions they need, evaluates available solutions and competitive offerings, and manages the introduction of new product offerings. Our new complementary products and services are developed internally, acquired, or provided through strategic alliances. Implementation and Training Most of our bank and credit union clients contract with us for implementation and training services in connection with their core systems and additional complementary products. A complete core system implementation typically includes detailed planning, project management, data conversion, and testing. Our experienced implementation teams travel to client facilities or work remotely with clients to help manage the implementation process and ensure that all data is transferred from the legacy system to the Jack Henry system. Our implementation fees are fixed or hourly based on the core system being installed. We also provide extensive initial and ongoing education to our clients. We have a comprehensive training program that supports new clients with basic training and longtime clients with continuing education. The training enables banks and credit unions to maximize the use of our core and complementary solutions, learn about ongoing system enhancements, and understand evolving legislative and regulatory requirements. Support and Services We serve our core clients as a single point of contact and support for the solutions we provide. Our comprehensive support infrastructure incorporates: • High service standards. • Trained support staff available up to 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. • Assigned account team. • Sophisticated support tools, resources, and technology. • Broad experience converting diverse banks and credit unions to our core platforms from competitive platforms. • Industry experts to offer best practice technology and operational consulting services. • Highly effective change management and control processes. • Best practices methodology developed and refined through the , experience. Most clients contract for annual software support services, and this represents a significant source of recurring revenue for Jack Henry. These support services are typically priced at approximately 20% of the respective product’s software license fee. The subsequent years' service fees generally increase as client assets increase and as additional complementary products are purchased. Annual software support fees typically are billed during June and are paid in advance for the entire fiscal year, with proration for new product implementations that occur during the fiscal year. Hardware support fees also are usually paid in advance for entire contract periods which typically range from one to five years. Most support contracts automatically renew unless the client or Jack Henry gives notice of termination at least 30 days prior to contract expiration. High levels of support are provided to our private cloud clients by the same support infrastructure utilized for clients. However, these support fees are included as part of monthly private cloud fees. Hardware Systems Our software systems operate on a variety of hardware platforms. We have established remarketing agreements with IBM Corporation, and many other hardware providers that allow Jack Henry to purchase hardware and related maintenance services at a discount and resell them directly to our clients. We currently sell IBM Power Systems™; 10 Lenovo ® , Dell, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, and Cisco servers and workstations; Canon ® , Digital Check, Epson ® , and Panini ® check scanners; and other devices that complement our software solutions. Digital Products and Services Jack Henry Digital provides a unified platform of digital products and services, anchored by the Banno Digital Platform™. This native and banking solution empowers community and regional banks and credit unions to strategically enhance their digital offerings and compete effectively with larger banks and tech companies. It's a comprehensive business and retail open platform delivering attractive, fast, applications for accountholders and , tools for employees. Our treasury platform is a separate digital product that services the needs of banks' larger commercial customers. Payment Solutions Electronic payment solutions provide our clients with the tools necessary to be at the forefront of payment innovation with secure payment processing designed to simplify complex payment processing, attract profitable retail and commercial accounts, increase operating efficiencies, comply with regulatory mandates, and proactively mitigate and manage risk. • JHA Card Processing Solutions™ ("CPS") supports and debit and credit card programs, as well as an agent credit option, backed by a comprehensive suite of tools for 24/7 fraud mitigation, digital payments, dispute management, plastics manufacturing and personalization, loyalty programs, data analytics, and ATM terminal driving. In addition, advisory services are offered to support a variety of needs including card portfolio growth, program consultation, as well as customized fraud management; all tailored to individual bank and credit union goals and concerns. • Enterprise Payment Solutions ("EPS") is a comprehensive payments engine, offering an integrated suite of Automated Clearing House ("ACH"), instant payments, credit card, and remote deposit capture processing that includes supporting tools for accounts receivable posting, risk management, reporting, and application interfaces ("APIs") for banks, credit unions, businesses, and fintechs of all sizes. EPS helps clients succeed in today’s competitive market to increase revenue, improve efficiencies, better manage compliance, and enhance accountholder relationships. • Payrailz TM Payments Platform provides consumers and businesses with money movement options through their bank's or credit union's digital platforms. It supports our technology modernization strategy by providing , digital payment capabilities to our payment ecosystem. This money movement payments platform incorporates AI to make predictive and proactive recommendations, a flexible modern user experience, a layered security model, an automated fraud feature powered by machine learning, and a contemporary, adaptable administrative portal. In addition to bill payment capabilities, we provide a 'pay a loan' feature, an 'open looped' ("P2P") solution, and ("A2A") transfer features. The array of money movement options maintains consumer and business engagement with the bank or credit union. • JHA PayCenter TM provides banks and credit unions with a single entry point to both Zelle ® and Real Time Payments ("RTP") networks, and the Federal Reserve's FedNow ® network. PayCenter manages the certification process and mandatory updates from the payment networks, simplifies integration with toolkits, and provides fraud monitoring. Banks and credit unions can send and receive transactions instantly 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, through our core and complementary solutions. • Payments Orchestrator ("PO") is a modern , embedded payments platform, for large corporate and partnerships that accelerate growth. It supports multiple payment rails to deliver instant payments, ACH processing, and wire transfers on a single API platform. PO embeds highly scalable Virtual Accounts with reconciliation of inbound and outbound payments, and built agnostically to directly integrate with a core (currently today, integrates directly with Jack Henry SilverLake System ® ) for streamlined efficiency and a single source of truth. Research and Development We invest significant resources in ongoing research and development to build new software solutions and services and enhance existing solutions with additional functionality and features required to ensure regulatory compliance. We enhance our core and complementary systems a minimum of once each year. enhancements are largely with recommended opportunities formally gathered through focus groups, change control boards, strategic initiatives meetings, annual user group meetings, and ongoing client contact. We also continually evaluate and implement process improvements that expedite the delivery of new products and enhancements to our clients and reduce related costs. 11 Research and development expenses (in thousands) for fiscal 2026, 2025, and 2024 were $176,445, $162,771, and $148,256, respectively. We recorded capitalized software (in thousands) in fiscal 2026, 2025, and 2024 of $184,243, $172,445, and $167,175, respectively. Sales and Marketing We serve established, markets that provide ongoing sales and opportunities. The marketing and sales initiatives within the core business lines are primarily focused on identifying banks and credit unions evaluating alternative core information and transaction processing solutions. Our specialized niche solutions are sold to complement existing technology platforms to banks and credit unions of all asset sizes and charters. Sales executives are responsible for the activities required to earn new clients in assigned territories, and regional account executives are responsible for nurturing client relationships and cross selling additional products and services. Our sales professionals receive base salaries and performance-based commission compensation. Sales support staff provide a variety of services, including product and service demonstrations, responses to , and proposal and contract generation. Our marketing department supports sales with lead generation, product adoption, and activities, including participation in , regional, and national trade shows; print and online advertising; client newsletters; ongoing promotional campaigns; and media relations. We also host an annual national education conference, which provides opportunities to network with existing clients and demonstrate new products and services. Jack Henry has sold select products and services outside the United States, primarily in Latin America, the Caribbean and Canada. International sales accounted for less than 1% of Jack Henry’s total revenue in each of fiscal 2026, 2025, and 2024. Competition The market for companies providing technology solutions to financial services organizations is competitive, and we expect that competition from both existing competitors and companies entering our existing or future markets will remain strong. Some of our current competitors have longer operating histories, larger client bases, and greater financial resources. The principal competitive factors affecting the market for technology solutions include culture, service, innovation, strategy, and execution, along with product/service functionality, price, operating flexibility, and . For more than a decade, there has been significant consolidation among providers of products and services designed for banks and credit unions, and this consolidation is expected to continue in the future. Our core solutions compete with large vendors that provide information and transaction processing solutions to banks and credit unions, including Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.; Fiserv, Inc.; Corelation, Inc.; and Finastra. Our core agnostic solutions compete with an array of disparate fintech vendors that provide niche solutions to financial services organizations and corporate entities. Intellectual Property, Patents, and Trademarks Although we believe our success depends upon our technical expertise more than our proprietary rights, our future success and ability to compete depend in part upon our proprietary technology. We have registered or filed applications for our primary trademarks. Most of our technology is not patented. Instead, we rely on a combination of contractual rights, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets to establish and protect our proprietary technology. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our associates, consultants, resellers, clients, and prospects. Access to and distribution of our Company’s source code is restricted, and the disclosure and use of other proprietary information is further limited. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties can attempt to copy or otherwise obtain, or use our products or technology. Regulatory Compliance Jack Henry maintains a corporate commitment to address compliance issues and implement requirements imposed by federal regulators prior to the effective date of such requirements when adequate prior notice is given. Our compliance program is coordinated by a team of qualified compliance professionals with extensive regulatory agency and financial institution experience, knowledge and understanding of Federal consumer protection regulations, and a thorough working knowledge of Jack Henry and our solutions. These compliance professionals leverage multiple channels to remain informed about potential and recently enacted regulatory requirements, including discussions on emerging topics with the Federal Banking Agencies (“FBA”), and training sessions sponsored by various professional associations. We have processes in place to inform internal stakeholders of new and revised regulatory requirements. Upcoming regulatory changes also are presented to the Company’s development teams through periodic regulatory 12 compliance meetings and the necessary product changes are included in the ongoing product development cycle. We publish newsletters to keep our clients informed of regulatory changes that could impact their operations. Periodically, client advisory groups are assembled to discuss significant regulatory changes. Internal audits of our systems, networks, operations, business recovery plans, and applications are conducted and specialized outside firms are periodically engaged to perform testing and validation of our systems, processes, plans, and security. The FBA conducts ongoing examinations of the Company and issues Reports of Examination. The Board of Directors provides oversight of these activities through the Risk and Compliance Committee and the Audit Committee. Government Regulation The financial services industry is subject to extensive and complex federal and state regulation. All financial institutions are subject to substantial regulatory oversight and supervision. Our products and services must comply with the extensive and evolving regulatory requirements applicable to our clients, including but not limited to those mandated by federal and rules, the Privacy of Consumer Financial Information regulations, usury laws, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA Patriot Act, the Act, the Community Reinvestment Act and the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The compliance of Jack Henry’s products and services with these requirements depends on a variety of factors, including the parameters set through the interactive design, the classification of clients, and the manner in which the client utilizes the products and services. Our clients are contractually responsible for assessing and determining what is required of them under these regulations and then we provide solutions that assist them in meeting their regulatory needs through our products and services. We cannot predict the impact these regulations, any future amendments to these regulations or any newly implemented regulations will have on our business in the future. Jack Henry is not chartered by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC"), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC, the NCUA or other federal or state agencies that regulate or supervise depository institutions. However, operating as a service provider to banks and credit unions, Jack Henry’s operations are governed by the same regulatory requirements as those imposed on financial institutions, and subject to periodic reviews by FBA regulators who have broad supervisory authority to remedy any shortcomings identified in such reviews. Jack Henry is also subject to periodic examinations by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), which provides supervision and enforcement related to federal consumer financial laws applicable to some products and services offered by our clients. We provide private cloud services through Jack Henry Processing Services™ for banks and EASE Processing Services™ for credit unions. We provide data centers and electronic transaction processing through JHA Card Processing Solutions™, internet banking through NetTeller ® and Banno TM online solutions, bill payment through our Payrailz TM Payments Platform, network security monitoring and Hosted Network Solutions ("HNS") through our Gladiator ® unit, cloud services through Hosted Partner Services and Enterprise Integration Services, and business recovery services through Centurion Disaster Recovery ® . Our private cloud services are subject to examination by FBA regulators under the Bank Service Company Act. These examinations cover a wide variety of subjects, including system development, functionality, reliability, and security, as well as disaster preparedness and business recovery planning. Our private cloud services are also subject to examination by state banking authorities on occasion. Human Capital Our Associates As of June 30, 2026, Jack Henry had approximately 7,300 and associates. Our associates are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement and there have been no work stoppages. Talent Attraction and Engagement Our people and culture strategy is focused on attracting, engaging, and retaining associates that are qualified and innovative with technical skills. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to considering all qualified candidates for employment. We seek talent streams to help identify candidates from underrepresented groups. Our internship attracts college and university students, and our apprenticeship program offers paid training and work for candidates with little to no traditional experience, such as computer coding. Both programs can lead to employment. 13 We are committed to fostering a respectful and inclusive workplace where all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, and we focus on ensuring all associates feel they belong at Jack Henry. Business Innovation Groups ("BIGs"), which are open to all associates, help us to foster a culture of inclusion and belonging. These groups provide input and suggestions to address business problems and offer education and training to foster inclusion and belonging. As of June 30, 2026, we had over 1,800 unique associates and nearly 3,100 combined associates participating in six active BIGs. A significant portion of the Company’s associates work remotely on either a or hybrid remote/office basis. The Company remains focused on equipping all associates with the tools necessary to effectively communicate, collaborate, and build connections in a remote environment, including ensuring leaders have the skills needed to effectively lead dispersed teams. We seek to actively listen to our associates throughout the year using a defined and continuous listening strategy designed to gather regular feedback on , engagement, leadership, ethics, culture and values, satisfaction, and sense of belonging, through channels such as our annual engagement survey, pulse surveys, interviews, and town halls. This comprehensive strategy allows us to respond to associate concerns, benefit from associate perspectives, and better design and develop processes to support our Company culture. Associates can learn about changes through our internal online news center, regular email communications, monthly Manager Forum events, quarterly associate update videos, or town hall meetings delivered by senior management. Learning and Development Our success depends not only on attracting and retaining talented associates, but also in developing our current associates and providing new opportunities for their growth. We offer our associates numerous live and courses, resources, and training programs to help them build knowledge, improve skills, and develop their career at Jack Henry. Learning opportunities include mandatory courses, as well as recommended content in areas such as leadership development, technical skills, business acumen, innovation, and change management. Jack Tracks, an annual, virtual learning event, offers associates a large selection of curated topics such as technical and operational readiness, technology trends, company solutions, and industry trends. Recognizing the importance of mentoring in career development, we host an internal mentorship marketplace, which allows prospective mentors and mentees to connect and a mentoring relationship. Career mobility and personal development resources are available to all associates through dedicated intranet sites including an internal career website where associates can explore new opportunities, register their skills, and view salary ranges. We continue to strengthen our leadership capacity by providing training on effective coaching practices to leaders of the Company. We recognize and value the contribution of our associates who develop, improve, and support our technology solutions. Access to technical training libraries, customized learning plans, certification programs, and classes facilitated by external experts are available to advance their technical expertise. When there is a critical skill need or where the technology landscape is rapidly changing, we provide unique learning solutions to align associates' development with our strategic initiatives. Wellness and Safety We emphasize the safety and of our associates as a top priority. We define wellness holistically and include mental, physical, emotional, financial, psychological, and environmental considerations. Our benefit plan offerings include supportive and dedicated campaigns that communicate directly to associates about financial wellness, mental health, healthful nutrition and exercise, and other wellness topics. Associate is further supported through policies such as remote work, paid parental leave, military service leave, educational assistance, and bereavement leave policies, as well as paid time off, adoption assistance, an employee assistance program, paid community volunteer hours, and a wellness day. Available Information Jack Henry’s website is easily accessible to the public at jackhenry.com . The “Investor Relations" portion of the website provides key corporate governance documents, the code of conduct, an archive of press releases, and other relevant Company information. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and other filings and amendments thereto that are made with the SEC also are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practical after these reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov . 14 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company's business and the results of its operations are affected by numerous factors and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some of the important risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from those expected or desired. Business and Operating Risks Data security breaches, failures, or other incidents could damage our reputation and business. Our business relies upon receiving, processing, storing, and transmitting sensitive information relating to our operations, associates, and clients. If we fail to maintain a sufficient digital security infrastructure, address security vulnerabilities and new threats, or deploy adequate technologies to secure our systems against attack, we may be subject to security breaches that compromise confidential information, including valuable intellectual property, proprietary information, trade secrets, , or source code, which could lead to their theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or misappropriation. Cybersecurity incidents, which, among other things, may result in unauthorized access to systems, service interruptions, malicious intrusions, exfiltration of data, ransomware, , or operating failures, have become more sophisticated and more prevalent, have occurred in our systems in the past, and may occur in our systems in the future. Such incidents could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, damage our reputation and business, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and expose us to liability. We rely on third parties for various business purposes, and these third parties face similar security risks. A security failure by one of these third parties could expose our data or subject our information systems to interruption of operations and security vulnerabilities. Our information systems rely on hardware, software, and other technological elements, whether developed or provided by third parties, that occasionally need to be patched or updated to address existing or potential security vulnerabilities. If these vulnerabilities are not remediated in a timely manner, our systems and data may be at risk of compromise or interruption. Our services and infrastructure are heavily reliant on the internet. Computer networks and the internet are vulnerable to disruptive problems such as denial of service attacks or other carried out by cyber criminals or actors. We are continually subject to attempts by unauthorized parties to access confidential information or to destroy data, often through the introduction of computer viruses, ransomware or malware, and . The increasing sophistication of frontier artificial intelligence models is reshaping the landscape. The growing use of frontier AI models by unauthorized parties has changed the scale of cyber threats and speed and complexity of , including automated phishing, deepfakes, the rapid development of new malware, and novel attack techniques targeting or leveraging AI systems and models. Further, the use of frontier AI allows these parties to identify and exploit software vulnerabilities faster and more broadly than ever before, including attacks targeting vulnerabilities that might not have been identified, or identified as quickly, without the use of frontier AI. The vulnerabilities targeted by these attacks are constantly evolving and can be difficult to identify, detect, prevent, or mitigate. We utilize technology, including artificial intelligence-enabled tools, to help defend against cybersecurity threats. However, threat actors are increasingly using similar technologies to identify vulnerabilities, automate attacks, and evade detection. If our security capabilities fail to keep pace with the evolving methods used by threat actors, our systems, data, operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. Those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce associates, clients, service providers, or other authorized users of our systems through phishing schemes or other social engineering methods to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data or that of our clients or their accountholders. We have experienced phishing attacks, social engineering attempts, and other cybersecurity incidents targeting our associates, clients, and systems. When successful, these coordinated attacks may result in data loss, exfiltration, and disruption to systems and services, and can damage our reputation as a secure financial technology company. We are also subject to the risk that our associates may, unintentionally or with malicious intent, intercept and transmit unauthorized confidential or proprietary information or that devices used by associates are stolen, or client data media is lost in shipment. An interception, misuse, or mishandling of personal, confidential, or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client or could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, and reputational harm, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Like other financial institution service providers, we continually face attempts to discover and exploit system weaknesses or to circumvent our security measures. We regularly experience attacks and other malicious activities targeting our systems, services, infrastructure, and data, as well as those of our clients, service providers, and other vendors. These activities continue to increase in frequency and sophistication. Despite implementing security controls and infrastructure designed to protect our systems and data, we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. We cannot be certain that our efforts will be sufficient to combat all current and future technological risks and threats. These risks are further heightened by 15 the fact that a significant portion of our associates and contractors work remotely outside of facilities using networks and devices that are not physically controlled by the Company, potentially limiting the effectiveness of our security controls. Advances in computer capabilities, breakthroughs in cryptography, the accelerating development, sophistication, and deployment of artificial intelligence technologies, or other technical developments could materially enhance the ability of threat actors to identify vulnerabilities, bypass controls, or otherwise compromise our systems, thereby rendering our security measures inadequate. Security risks may result in liability to our clients or other third parties, damage to our reputation, and may deter financial institutions from purchasing our products. The significant amount of capital and other resources we currently expend to protect against the threat of security breaches may prove insufficient to prevent a breach. We cannot ensure that any provisions in our client and user agreements, contracts with service providers, or other contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims relating to a security breach or similar matters. The insurance coverage we maintain to address data security risks may be insufficient to cover all types of claims or losses that may arise, and there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In the event of a security breach, we may need to spend substantial additional capital and resources alleviating problems caused by such breach. Under state, federal, and foreign laws, including those requiring consumer notification of security breaches, the costs to remediate security breaches can be substantial. Addressing security problems may result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service to users, any of which could harm our business. Failure to maintain sufficient technological infrastructure or an operational failure in our outsourcing facilities could expose us to damage claims, increase regulatory scrutiny, and cause us to lose clients. Our products and services require substantial investments in technological infrastructure, and we continue to grow in the number of users, transactions, and data that our technological infrastructure supports. If we fail to adequately invest in and support our technological infrastructure and processing capacity, we may not be able to support our clients’ processing needs and may be more susceptible to interruptions and delays in services. Damage or destruction that interrupts our outsourcing operations could cause delays and failures in processing which could hurt our relationship with clients, damage our reputation, expose us to damage claims, and cause us to incur substantial additional expenses to relocate operations and repair or replace damaged equipment. Events that could cause operational failures include, but are not limited to, hardware and software defects, breakdowns or malfunctions, cybersecurity incidents, human error, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. Our facilities are also subject to physical risks related to natural disasters or severe weather events, such as tornados, flooding, hurricanes, and heat waves. Climate change may increase the likelihood and severity of such events. Our systems and procedures may prove insufficient or otherwise fail to prevent disruption, such as a prolonged interruption of our transaction processing services. If an interruption extends for more than several hours, we may experience data loss or a reduction in revenues due to such interruption. Any significant interruption of service could reduce revenue, harm our and our clients' reputations, result in damage claims, cause current and prospective clients to choose alternative service providers, and increase regulatory scrutiny of the critical services we provide to financial institutions, thereby increasing our compliance obligations and costs. Implementing modifications and upgrades to our technological infrastructure subjects us to inherent costs and risks associated with changing systems, policies, procedures, and monitoring tools. 16 Failures associated with payment transactions could result in financial loss. The volume and dollar amount of payment transactions that we process is significant and continues to grow. We direct the settlement of funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses, and consumers, and receive funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks, and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. Transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment transactions, Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) payments, payments through faster payment networks (such as Zelle, RTP, and FedNow), and check clearing that support consumers, financial institutions, and other businesses. Such services are critical to our clients’ operations. If the continuity of operations, the integrity of our processing systems, or our ability to detect or prevent fraudulent payments were compromised in connection with payments transactions, our clients’ operations could be disrupted or adversely affected. Any such disruption could result in financial losses, reputational damage, legal or regulatory consequences, and other adverse effects for both our clients and us. In addition, we rely on various third parties to process transactions and provide services in support of the processing of transactions and funds settlement for certain of our products and services that we cannot provide ourselves. If we are unable to obtain such services in the future or if the price of such services becomes unsustainable, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may issue credit to consumers, financial institutions, or other businesses as part of the funds settlement process. A default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to us. Failures of service providers we rely upon could lead to financial loss. We rely on service providers to support key portions of our operations. We also rely on service providers to provide part, or all, of certain services we deliver to clients. As we continue to move more computing, storage, and processing services out of our data centers and facilities and into hosting environments like public cloud infrastructure providers.as well as private cloud facilities, our reliance on these providers and their systems will increase. The migration of our products and services to these new systems is complex and requires substantial expenditures. Furthermore, we face risks inherent in the conversion to any new system, including potential data loss and operational disruptions. We rely on a limited number of service providers that provide significant portions of our hosting and technology infrastructure. While we have selected these service providers carefully and conduct ongoing diligence and monitoring, we do not control their actions or operations. Any disruption, capacity constraints, interference, failure, cybersecurity incident, service degradation, or other interruption of these services by a service provider could result in degraded performance, data loss, or prolonged outages and adversely affect our operations and our ability to deliver services to clients. Such a failure could lead to damage claims, loss of clients, reputational harm, increased costs, contractual disputes, regulatory scrutiny, and, depending on the duration and severity of the failure, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. These service providers are subject to similar risks as us including, but not limited to, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, hardware and software defects, breakdowns or malfunctions, cybersecurity incidents, human error, failures in internal controls, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, computer viruses or other malware, natural disasters or severe weather events, or other events. One or more of our service providers may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by the service provider. Certain of our service providers may have limited indemnification obligations or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. If a critical service provider is unable to meet our needs in a timely manner or if the services or products provided by such a service provider are terminated or otherwise delayed and if we are not able to develop alternative sources for these services and products timely and , our clients could be negatively impacted, and it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We operate in highly competitive and rapidly evolving markets and our business will be adversely affected if we fail to compete effectively. We vigorously compete with a variety of software vendors and service providers in all our major product lines. We compete on the basis of product quality, reliability, performance, ease of use, quality of support and services, integration with other products, and pricing. Some of our competitors may have advantages over us due to their size, product lines, greater marketing resources, or exclusive intellectual property rights. New competitors, including smaller , regularly appear with new products, services, and technology for financial institutions. We are also experiencing increasing competition from nontraditional market participants, including financial technology companies, providers, and technology platforms that offer products, services, or alternative delivery models that compete with portions of our solutions. Certain competitors may be able to devote greater financial resources to innovation, respond more rapidly to changing client demands, or accept business and operating risks that differ from our approach. If competitors offer more favorable pricing, payment or other contractual terms, warranties, or functionality, or otherwise attract our clients or prevent us from capturing new clients, we may need to lower prices or offer other terms that negatively impact our results of operations in order to 17 successfully compete. Emerging technologies, evolving payment methods, and changing client preferences may alter how financial services products and services are delivered and consumed and could reduce demand for certain existing solutions or displace portions of traditional technology and payment processing models. If we are unable to adapt our products and services to these developments in a timely and manner, our competitive position, revenues, growth prospects, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, increased adoption of specialized point solutions may reduce demand for broader integrated offerings and result in the replacement of components of our existing product suite. Failure to achieve favorable renewals of service contracts could negatively affect our business. Our contracts with our clients for outsourced data processing and electronic payment transaction processing services generally run for a period of six years. We will continue to experience a significant number of these contracts coming up for renewal each year. Renewal time presents our clients with the opportunity to consider other providers or to renegotiate their contracts with us, including reducing the services we provide or negotiating the prices paid for our services. Certain of our renewals have resulted in price compression between the former and renegotiated contracts. If that trend accelerates or becomes more pronounced, it could negatively impact our results of operations. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates upon favorable terms, revenues and profit margins will suffer. We may experience increased costs for services from our service providers due to inflation or other cost expansion, but because our client contracts typically have longer terms than our service provider contracts, our ability to pass on those higher costs to clients may be limited. If inflation or costs outpace our contractual ability to adjust pricing during the contractual terms of our client contracts, our revenues and profit margins could be negatively impacted. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology and the markets we serve, we could lose existing clients and be unable to attract new business. The markets for our products and services are characterized by changing client and regulatory requirements and rapid technological changes. These factors and new product introductions by our existing competitors or by new market entrants could reduce the demand for our existing products and services, and we may be required to develop or acquire new products and services. In addition, competitors and other third parties may incorporate artificial intelligence into products and offerings more quickly or more successfully than we do, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Our future success is dependent on our ability to enhance our existing products and services in a timely manner and to develop or acquire new products and services. If we are unable to develop or acquire new products and services to address the needs of our clients, or if we fail to sell the new or enhanced products and services in which we have invested, we may incur unanticipated expenses or fail to achieve anticipated revenues, as well as lose prospective sales. The increasing adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and generative artificial intelligence into our products introduces significant and evolving risks that could lead to unintended consequences, result in reputational harm, and increased litigation. Our business currently utilizes AI and ML and we continue to evaluate and expand their use, including generative AI, to augment our products and services. While these technologies offer distinct business opportunities, they also bring evolving legal, regulatory, and operational risks. The regulatory landscape relating to these technologies is quickly and constantly evolving and requires significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with applicable laws. Further, the ongoing tension between the states and the federal government regarding AI regulations is causing increased uncertainty and risk and compliance costs, particularly regarding the use of automated and other uses of AI technologies in industries, including the financial industry. This uncertainty has a broader impact than simply regulations and may expose us to claims of privacy rights violations or providing inadequate cybersecurity protections. From an operational standpoint, AI algorithms and training methodologies may create accuracy issues, unintended biases, factual errors, misrepresentations, offensive language, inappropriate statements, or other unexpected outcomes that could undermine product and service quality or lead to errors in our and solution development. Ineffective or inadequate AI development, testing, evaluation, deployment, content labeling, or governance may impair public acceptance or cause harm, resulting in offerings not working as intended, and we also face explainability risk from our potential inability to interpret or justify AI model decisions, which may lead to concerns about trust, regulatory compliance, and accountability. Furthermore, the uncertainty in the regulatory environment and our development and use of generative AI technologies expose us to evolving intellectual property risks, including the potential misuse of proprietary or confidential inputs, infringement of rights, and uncertainty regarding the ownership of outputs. Additionally, the use of AI tools by associates—whether authorized or not—for internal functions or business operations may result in unintended or unreliable outputs, which could negatively impact the quality, accuracy, or consistency of work product and . Our failure to accurately identify and address our responsibilities and liabilities in this new environment could negatively affect any solutions we develop incorporating such technology and could subject 18 us to reputational harm, regulatory action, or litigation, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. These same risks apply to our service providers who are implementing these tools into the products or services they provide to us. Any failures to manage and mitigate these risks by these service providers may negatively affect the products and services we provide our clients. Software defects or problems with installations and updates may harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our software products are complex and may contain undetected defects, especially in connection with newly released products and software updates. Software defects may cause interruptions or delays to our services as we attempt to correct the problem. We may also experience difficulties in installing or integrating our products on systems used by our clients. Defects in our software, installation problems or delays, or other difficulties could result in negative publicity, loss of revenues, loss of competitive position, or claims against us by clients. In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors or defects that could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. If patches or updates are not properly tested prior to installation, or are not properly installed, our systems and data may be at risk of compromise or interruption as a result of such failures. Expansion of services to clients could expose us to new risks. We have expanded our services to business lines that are marketed outside our traditional, regulated, and base of financial institution clients. These clients may entail greater operational, credit, and litigation risks than we have faced before and could result in increases in bad debts and litigation costs. Regulatory and Compliance Risks The software and services we provide to our clients are subject to government regulation that could hinder the development of our business, increase costs, or impose constraints on the way we conduct our operations. The financial services industry is subject to extensive and complex federal and state regulation. As a supplier of software and services to financial institutions, portions of our operations are subject to ongoing supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Credit Unions are subject to supervision by the National Credit Union Administration. These federal agencies, and comparable state agencies, regulate services we provide and the way we operate, and we are required to comply with a broad range of applicable federal and state laws and regulations. We are routinely subject to the examination process with such regulators, which includes the identification of areas where we can improve our practices to better comply with the applicable regulations and guidelines. If regulators identify significant issues, or if we fail to meet supervisory remediation expectations, we could be subject to regulatory actions that could harm our client relationships and reputation. Failure by third parties, with whom we contract or partner, to comply with regulations or guidelines could also harm our relationships and reputation. Such failures could require significant expenditures to correct and could negatively affect our ability to retain clients and obtain new clients. In addition, existing laws, regulations, and policies could be amended or interpreted differently by regulators in a manner that imposes additional costs and has a negative impact on our existing operations or that limits our future growth or expansion. New regulations could require additional programming or other costly changes in our processes or personnel. Our clients are also regulated entities, and actions by regulatory authorities could influence both the decisions they make concerning the purchase of data processing and other services and the timing and implementation of these decisions. We will be required to apply substantial research and development and other corporate resources to adapt our products to this evolving, complex, and often unpredictable regulatory environment. Our failure to provide compliant solutions could result in significant fines or consumer liability on our clients, for which we may bear ultimate liability. Moreover, the legislative and regulatory landscape continues to evolve to include alternative payment types, including digital and cryptocurrencies. The regulatory environment for crypto assets, stablecoins, and digital currencies is rapidly evolving, with increased oversight from federal and state regulatory agencies. Recent developments, including the GENIUS Act, and other legislative initiatives, bring increased oversight and more robust compliance obligations including consumer protection, laundering, sanctions compliance, operational resilience and recordkeeping requirements. We closely monitor legislative and regulatory changes to ensure any existing or new business models, product offerings, and risk and compliance programs adapt to new requirements. Any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could expose us to liability, regulatory scrutiny and/or reputational damage. Rapid changes to cryptocurrency laws and regulations could increase the costs and complexity of compliance, including associated recordkeeping costs, or could require us to change our business practices in a timeframe or manner adverse to our business. As we make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for new products in emerging technologies in an uncertain and rapidly changing regulatory landscape, we may not achieve immediate or expected returns. 19 Compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, and rules may adversely impact our expenses, development, and strategy. We are subject to complex laws, rules, and regulations related to data privacy and cybersecurity, and each year, this regulatory landscape is rapidly changing. If we fail to comply with such requirements, we could be subject to reputational harm, regulatory enforcement, and litigation. The use, confidentiality, and security of private client information is under increased scrutiny. Regulatory agencies, Congress, state legislatures, and foreign regulatory and governmental bodies are considering numerous regulatory and statutory proposals to protect the interests of consumers and to require compliance with standards and policies that have not been defined. The number of state privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations has grown tremendously over the past several y

[truncated]