.1 2 amendedandrestated2020equi.htm .1 Document Exhibit 10.1 ANALOG DEVICES, INC. 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (as amended and restated effective March 11, 2026) 1. Purpose The purpose of this 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”) of Analog Devices, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the “ Company ”), is to advance the interests of the Company’s stockholders by enhancing the Company’s ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who are expected to make important contributions to the Company and by providing such persons with equity ownership opportunities and equity performance-based incentives that are intended to better align the interests of such persons with those of the Company’s stockholders. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term “ Company ” shall include any of the Company’s present or future parent or subsidiary corporations as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations thereunder (the “ Code ”) and any other business venture (including, without limitation, joint venture or limited liability company) in which the Company has a controlling interest, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “ Board ”); provided , however , that such other business ventures shall be limited to entities that, where required by Section 409A of the Code, are eligible issuers of service recipient stock (as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E), or applicable successor regulation). The Plan originally became effective March 11, 2020 (the “ Original Effective Date ”). This amendment and restatement of the Plan is effective on March 11, 2026, the date of our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the “ Amendment Effective Date ”), subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders on such date. 2. Eligibility All of the Company’s employees, officers and directors, as well as consultants and advisors to the Company (as the terms consultants and advisors are defined and interpreted for purposes of Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), or any successor form) are eligible to be granted Awards (as defined below) under the Plan. Each person who is granted an Award under the Plan is deemed a “ Participant .” The Plan provides for the following types of awards, each of which is referred to as an “ Award ”: Options (as defined in Section 5), SARs (as defined in Section 6), Restricted Stock (as defined in Section 7), RSUs (also as defined in Section 7) and Other Awards (as defined in Section 8). Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat Participants uniformly. 3. Administration and Delegation (a) Administration by Board of Directors . The Plan will be administered by the Board. The Board shall have authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan as it shall deem advisable. The Board may construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and any Award agreements entered into under the Plan. The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award. All actions and decisions by the Board with respect to the Plan and any Awards shall be made in the Board’s discretion and shall be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or in any Award. (b) Appointment of Committees . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board (a “ Committee ”). All references in the Plan to the “ Board ” shall mean the Board or a Committee of the Board or the officers referred to in Section 3(c) to the extent that the Board’s powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee or officers. (c) Delegation to Officers . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board may delegate to one or more officers of the Company the power to grant Awards (subject to any limitations under the Plan) to employees, consultants, advisors, or officers of the Company and to exercise such other powers under the Plan as the Board may determine, provided that the Board shall fix the terms of the Awards to be granted by such officers (including the exercise price of such Awards, which may include a formula by which the exercise price will be determined) and the maximum number of shares subject to Awards that the officers may grant; provided further, however, that no officer shall be authorized to grant Awards to any “executive officer” of the Company (as defined by Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”)) or to any “officer” of the Company (as defined by Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act). (d) Awards to Directors . Awards to directors will be administered by a Committee, all of the members of which are independent directors as defined by Section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market (“ NASDAQ ”) Marketplace Rules. 4. Stock Available for Awards (a) Number of Shares; Share Counting . (1) Authorized Number of Shares . Subject to adjustment under Section 10, Awards may be made under the Plan for up to a number of shares of common stock of the Company (the “ Common Stock ”), that will not exceed 29,979,438 shares, consisting of: (A) 24,592,135 shares less one share for each share subject to any equity award granted under the Plan after November 1, 2025 and prior to the Amendment Effective Date, plus (B) the applicable number of Returning Shares (as such term is defined below), if any, as such shares become available from time to time. For such purposes, “ Returning Shares ” means such applicable additional number of shares of Common Stock as is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock subject to equity awards previously granted under the Plan or the Company’s Amended and Restated 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (the “ 2006 Plan ”) and which equity awards are outstanding on November 1, 2025 (up to a maximum of 5,387,303 shares), or which awards are granted under the Plan and outstanding after November 1, 2025 and prior to the Amendment Effective Date (provided that in no event shall the number of shares subject to any equity award granted under the Plan after November 1, 2025 and prior to the Amendment Effective Date exceed 11,592,135 shares), and which equity awards on or after November 1, 2025 expire, terminate or are otherwise surrendered, cancelled, forfeited or repurchased by the Company at their original issuance price pursuant to a contractual repurchase right. For the avoidance of doubt, each share that was subject to an award granted under the Plan or the 2006 Plan that is returned to the Plan pursuant to this Section 4(a)(1)(B) as a Returning Share shall cause the Plan’s share reserve to be credited with one share. Any or all of the shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan may be awarded in the form of Incentive Stock Options (as defined in Section 5(b)), subject, however, to any limitations under the Code that would prohibit shares to be awarded under the Plan in the form of Incentive Stock Options if previously issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options and which shares become Returning Shares. Shares of Common Stock issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. (2) Share Counting . For purposes of counting the number of shares available for the grant of Awards under the Plan under this Section 4(a) and under the sublimits contained in Section 4(b): (A) all shares of Common Stock covered by SARs shall be counted against the number of shares available for the grant of Awards under the Plan and against the sublimits contained in Section 4(b); provided, however , that (i) SARs that may be settled only in cash shall not be so counted and (ii) if the Company grants an SAR in tandem with an Option for the same number of shares of Common Stock and provides that only one such Award may be exercised (a “ Tandem SAR ”), only the shares covered by the Option, and not the shares covered by the Tandem SAR, shall be so counted, and the expiration of one in connection with the other’s exercise will not restore shares to the Plan; (B) to the extent that an RSU may be settled only in cash, no shares shall be counted against the shares available for the grant of Awards under the Plan; (C) if any Award (i) expires or is terminated, surrendered or cancelled without having been fully exercised or is forfeited in whole or in part (including as the result of shares of Common Stock subject to such Award being repurchased by the Company at the original issuance price pursuant to a contractual repurchase right) or (ii) results in any Common Stock not being issued (including as a result of an SAR that was settleable either in cash or in stock actually being settled in cash), the unused Common Stock covered by such Award shall again be available for the grant of Awards; provided, however , that (1) in the case of Incentive Stock Options, the foregoing shall be subject to any limitations under the Code, (2) in the case of the exercise of an SAR, the number of shares counted against the shares available under the Plan and against the sublimits contained in Section 4(b) shall be the full number of shares subject to the SAR multiplied by the percentage of the SAR actually exercised, regardless of the number of shares actually used to settle such SAR upon exercise and (3) the shares covered by a Tandem SAR shall not again become available for grant upon the expiration or termination of such Tandem SAR; (D) shares of Common Stock delivered (either by actual delivery, attestation, or net exercise) to the Company by a Participant to (i) purchase shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of an Award or (ii) satisfy tax withholding obligations with respect to Awards (including shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation) shall not be added back to the number of shares available for the future grant of Awards; and (E) shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company on the open market using the proceeds from the exercise of an Award shall not increase the number of shares available for future grant of Awards. (b) Sublimits . Subject to adjustment under Section 10, the following sublimits on the number of shares subject to Awards shall apply: (1) Limits . The maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted to any Participant under the Plan shall be 2,000,000 per fiscal year of the Company, and the maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units and Other Stock Unit Awards may be granted to any Participant under the Plan shall be 1,000,000 per fiscal year of the Company. For purposes of the foregoing limit, the combination of an Option in tandem with a Stock Appreciation Right shall be treated as a single Award. (2) Limit on Awards to Directors . The maximum aggregate amount of cash and value (calculated based on grant date fair value for financial reporting purposes) of Awards granted in any fiscal year to any individual director shall not exceed $750,000; provided , however , fees paid by the Corporation on behalf of any director in connection with regulatory compliance and any amounts paid to a director as reimbursement of an expense shall not count against the foregoing limitation. The Committee may make additional exceptions to this limit for individual directors in extraordinary circumstances or in the case of regulatory filing fees, as the Committee may determine in its discretion, provided that the director receiving such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation. (c) Substitute Awards . In connection with a merger or consolidation of an entity with the Company or the acquisition by the Company of property or stock of an entity, the Board may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or awards granted by such entity or an affiliate thereof. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Board deems appropriate in the circumstances, notwithstanding any limitations on Awards contained in the Plan. Substitute Awards shall not count against the overall share limit set forth in Section 4(a)(1) or any sublimits contained in the Plan, except as may be required by reason of Section 422 and related provisions of the Code. 5. Stock Options. (a) General . The Board may grant options to purchase Common Stock (each, an “ Option ”) and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions relating to applicable U.S. federal or state securities laws, as the Board considers necessary or advisable. (b) Incentive Stock Options . An Option that the Board intends to be an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422 of the Code (an “ Incentive Stock Option ”) shall only be granted to employees of Analog Devices, Inc., any of Analog Devices, Inc.’s present or future parent or subsidiary corporations as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code, and shall be subject to and shall be construed consistently with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. An Option that is not intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be designated a “ Nonstatutory Stock Option .” The Company shall have no liability to a Participant, or any other person, if an Option (or any part thereof) that is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option is not an Incentive Stock Option or if the Company converts an Incentive Stock Option to a Nonstatutory Stock Option. (c) Exercise Price . The Board shall establish the exercise price of each Option or the formula by which such exercise price will be determined. The exercise price shall be specified in the applicable Option agreement. The exercise price shall be not less than 100% of the Grant Date Fair Market Value (as defined below) of the Common Stock on the date the Option is approved; provided that if the Board approves the grant of an Option with an exercise price to be determined on a future date, the exercise price shall be not less than 100% of the Grant Date Fair Market Value on such future date. “ Grant Date Fair Market Value ” of a share of Common Stock for purposes of the Plan will be determined as follows: (1) if the Common Stock trades on a national securities exchange, the closing sale price (for the primary trading session) on the applicable date; or (2) if the Common Stock does not trade on any such exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the applicable date as reported by an marketplace designated by the Board; or (3) if the Common Stock is not publicly traded, the Board will determine the Grant Date Fair Market Value for purposes of the Plan using any measure of value it determines to be appropriate (including, as it considers appropriate, relying on appraisals) in a manner consistent with the valuation principles under Code Section 409A, except as the Board may expressly determine otherwise. For any date that is not a trading day, the Grant Date Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock for such date will be determined by using the closing sale price or average of the bid and asked prices, as appropriate, for the immediately following trading day and with the timing in the formulas above adjusted accordingly. The Board can substitute a particular time of day or other measure of “closing sale price” or “bid and asked prices” if appropriate because of exchange or market procedures or can, in its sole discretion, use weighted averages either on a daily basis or such longer period as complies with Code Section 409A. The Board has sole discretion to determine the Grant Date Fair Market Value for purposes of the Plan, and all Awards are conditioned on the Participant’s agreement that the Board’s determination is conclusive and binding even though others might make a different determination. (d) Duration of Options . Each Option shall be exercisable at such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the applicable Option agreement; provided, however , that no Option will be granted with a term in excess of 10 years. (e) Exercise of Options . Options may be exercised by delivery to the Company of a notice of exercise in a form (which may be electronic and which may be provided to a equity plan administrator) approved by the Company, together with payment in full (in the manner specified in Section 5(f)) of the exercise price for the number of shares for which the Option is exercised. Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option will be delivered by the Company as soon as practicable following exercise. (f) Payment Upon Exercise . Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows: (1) in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company; (2) except as may otherwise be provided in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Board, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding; (3) to the extent provided for in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Board, by delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant valued at their fair market value (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board), provided (i) such method of payment is then permitted under applicable law, (ii) such Common Stock, if acquired directly from the Company, was owned by the Participant for such minimum period of time, if any, as may be established by the Board and (iii) such Common Stock is not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting or other similar requirements; (4) to the extent provided for in the applicable Nonstatutory Stock Option agreement or approved by the Board, by delivery of a notice of “net exercise” to the Company, as a result of which the Participant would receive (i) the number of shares underlying the portion of the Option being exercised, less (ii) such number of shares as is equal to (A) the aggregate exercise price for the portion of the Option being exercised divided by (B) the fair market value of the Common Stock (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board) on the date of exercise; (5) to the extent permitted by applicable law and provided for in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Board, by payment of such other lawful consideration as the Board may determine; or (6) by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment, to the extent approved by the Board. (g) Limitation on Repricing . Unless such action is approved by the Company’s stockholders, the Company may not (except as provided for under Section 10): (1) amend any outstanding Option granted under the Plan to provide an exercise price per share that is lower than the exercise price per share of such outstanding Option, (2) cancel any outstanding option (whether or not granted under the Plan) and grant in substitution therefor new Awards under the Plan (other than Awards granted pursuant to Section 4(c)) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock and having an exercise price per share lower than the exercise price per share of the cancelled option, (3) cancel in exchange for a cash payment any outstanding Option with an exercise price per share above the fair market value of the Common Stock (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board), or (4) take any other action under the Plan that constitutes a “repricing” within the meaning of the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market. (h) No Reload Options . No Option granted under the Plan shall contain any provision entitling the Participant to the automatic grant of additional Options in connection with any exercise of the original Option. (i) No Dividend Equivalents . No Option shall provide for the payment or accrual of dividend equivalents. 6. Stock Appreciation Rights (a) General . The Board may grant Awards consisting of stock appreciation rights (“ SARs ”) entitling the holder, upon exercise, to receive an amount of Common Stock or cash or a combination thereof (such form to be determined by the Board) determined by reference to appreciation, from and after the date of grant, in the fair market value of a share of Common Stock (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board) over the measurement price established pursuant to Section 6(b). The date as of which such appreciation is determined shall be the exercise date. (b) Measurement Price . The Board shall establish the measurement price of each SAR and specify it in the applicable SAR agreement. The measurement price shall not be less than 100% of the Grant Date Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date the SAR is granted; provided that if the Board approves the grant of an SAR effective as of a future date, the measurement price shall be not less than 100% of the Grant Date Fair Market Value on such future date. (c) Duration of SARs . Each SAR shall be exercisable at such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the applicable SAR agreement; provided, however , that no SAR will be granted with a term in excess of 10 years. (d) Exercise of SARs . SARs may be exercised by delivery to the Company of a notice of exercise in a form (which may be electronic) approved by the Company , together with any other documents required by the Board. (e) Limitation on Repricing . Unless such action is approved by the Company’s stockholders, the Company may not (except as provided for under Section 10): (1) amend any outstanding SAR granted under the Plan to provide a measurement price per share that is lower than the measurement price per share of such outstanding SAR, (2) cancel any outstanding SAR (whether or not granted under the Plan) and grant in substitution therefor new Awards under the Plan (other than Awards granted pursuant to Section 4(c)) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock and having a measurement price per share lower than the measurement price per share of the cancelled SAR, (3) cancel in exchange for a cash payment any outstanding SAR with a measurement price per share above the fair market value of the Common Stock (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board), or (4) take any other action under the Plan that constitutes a “repricing” within the meaning of the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market. (f) No Reload SARs . No SAR granted under the Plan shall contain any provision entitling the Participant to the automatic grant of additional SARs in connection with any exercise of the original SAR. (g) No Dividend Equivalents . No SAR shall provide for the payment or accrual of dividend equivalents. 7. Restricted Stock; RSUs (a) General . The Board may grant Awards entitling recipients to acquire shares of Common Stock (“ Restricted Stock ”), subject to the right of the Company to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price (or to require forfeiture of such shares if issued at no cost) from the recipient in the event that conditions specified by the Board in the applicable Award are not satisfied prior to the end of the applicable restriction period or periods established by the Board for such Award. The Board may also grant Awards entitling the recipient to receive shares of Common Stock or cash to be delivered as soon as practicable after the time such Award vests (“ RSUs ”). (b) Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock and RSUs . The Board shall determine the terms and conditions of Restricted Stock and RSUs, including the conditions for vesting and repurchase (or forfeiture) and the issue price, if any. (c) Additional Provisions Relating to Restricted Stock . (1) Dividends . Any dividends (whether paid in cash, stock or property) declared and paid by the Company with respect to shares of Restricted Stock (“ Unvested Dividends ”) shall be paid to the Participant only if and when such shares become free from the restrictions on transferability and forfeitability that apply to such shares or at such other time as the Board shall determine and set forth in the applicable Award agreement. No interest will be paid on Unvested Dividends. (2) Delivery of Shares . The Company may require that any shares of Restricted Stock, as well as dividends or distributions paid on such Restricted Stock, shall be deposited in escrow by the Participant, together with a stock power endorsed in blank, with the Company (or its designee). At the expiration of the applicable restriction periods, the Company (or such designee) shall deliver the shares no longer subject to such restrictions to the Participant or if the Participant has died, to his or her Designated Beneficiary. “ Designated Beneficiary ” means (i) the beneficiary designated, in a manner permitted by the Board, by a Participant to receive amounts due or exercise rights of the Participant in the event of the Participant’s death or (ii) in the absence of an effective designation by a Participant (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a designation that is not valid under applicable laws), the Participant’s estate. (d) Additional Provisions Relating to RSUs . (1) Settlement . As soon as practicable after the vesting of and/or lapsing of any other restrictions (i.e., settlement) with respect to each RSU, the Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock specified in the Award agreement or (if so provided in the applicable Award agreement or otherwise determined by the Board) an amount of cash equal to the fair market value (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board) of such number of shares or a combination thereof. The Board may provide that settlement of RSUs shall be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the election of the Participant, in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code or any successor provision thereto, and the regulations thereunder (“ Section 409A ”). (2) Voting Rights . A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to any RSUs. (3) Dividend Equivalents . The Award agreement for RSUs may provide Participants with the right to receive an amount equal to any dividends or other distributions declared and paid on an equal number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (“ Dividend Equivalents ”). Dividend Equivalents will be credited to an account for the Participant, and may be settled in cash and/or shares of Common Stock and may be subject to the same restrictions on transfer and forfeitability as the RSUs with respect to which paid, in each case as set forth in the applicable award agreement. No interest will be paid on Dividend Equivalents. 8. Other Awards (a) General . The Board may grant other Awards of shares of Common Stock, and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, shares of Common Stock or other property (“ Other Awards ”). Such Other Awards shall also be available as a form of payment in the settlement of other Awards granted under the Plan or as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Awards may be paid in shares of Common Stock or cash, as the Board shall determine. (b) Terms and Conditions . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board shall determine the terms and conditions of each Other Award, including any purchase price applicable thereto. (c) Dividend Equivalents . The Award agreement for an Other Award may provide Participants with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents will be credited to an account for the Participant, and may be settled in cash and/or shares of Common Stock and may be subject to the same restrictions on transfer and forfeitability as the Other Award with respect to which paid, in each case as set forth in the applicable award agreement. No interest will be paid on Dividend Equivalents. 9. Performance Awards. (a) Grants . Awards under the Plan may be made subject to the achievement of performance goals pursuant to this Section 9 (“ Performance Awards ”). (b) Performance Measures . The Board may specify that the degree of granting, vesting and/or payout of any Performance Award shall be subject to the achievement of one or more performance measures established by the Board which may be based on the relative or absolute attainment of specified levels of one or any combination of the following, which may be determined pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles (“ GAAP ”) or on a basis, as determined by the Board: (i) net income, (ii) earnings before or after discontinued operations, interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization, (iii) operating profit before or after discontinued operations and/or taxes, (iv) sales, (v) sales growth, (vi) earnings growth, (vii) cash flow, free cash flow or cash position, (viii) gross margins or margin percentages, (ix) stock price, (x) market share, (xi) return on sales, assets, equity or investment, (xii) improvement of financial ratings, (xiii) achievement of balance sheet or income statement objectives, (xiv) total shareholder return, (xv) product release schedules, (xvi) product shipment targets, (xvii) customer satisfaction, (xviii) product and/or revenue opportunities, (xix) new product innovation or (xx) any other measure selected by the Board. Such goals may reflect absolute entity or business unit performance or a relative comparison to the performance of a peer group of entities or other external measure of the selected performance criteria and may be absolute in their terms or measured against or in relationship to other companies comparably, similarly or otherwise situated. The Board may specify that such performance measures shall be adjusted to exclude any one or more of (A) extraordinary items, (B) gains or losses on the dispositions of discontinued operations, (C) the cumulative effects of changes in accounting principles, (D) the writedown of any asset, (E) fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, (F) charges for restructuring and rationalization programs, (G) , adjustments on derivative instruments, (H) amortization of purchased intangibles, (I) the net impact of tax rate changes, (J) asset impairment charges, (K) gains on extinguishment of the tax receivable agreement and (L) any other factors as the Board may determine. Such performance measures: (x) may vary by Participant and may be different for different Awards; (y) may be particular to a Participant or the department, branch, line of business, subsidiary or other unit in which the Participant works and (z) may cover such period as may be specified by the Board. The Board shall have the authority to make equitable adjustments to the performance goals in recognition of unusual or events affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company, in response to changes in applicable laws or regulations or to account for items of gain, loss or expense determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment of a business or related to a change in accounting principles. (c) Adjustments . The Board may adjust the cash or number of shares payable pursuant to such Performance Award, and the Board may, at any time, waive the achievement of the applicable performance measures, including in the case of the death or disability of the Participant or a change in control of the Company. 10. Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events (a) Changes in Capitalization . In the event of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares, reclassification of shares, or other similar change in capitalization or event, or any dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock other than an ordinary cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under the Plan, (ii) the share counting rules and sublimits set forth in Sections 4(a) and 4(b), (iii) the number and class of securities and exercise price per share of each outstanding Option, (iv) the share and provisions and the measurement price of each outstanding SAR, (v) the number of shares subject to and the repurchase price per share subject to each outstanding award of Restricted Stock and (vi) the share and provisions and the purchase price, if any, of each outstanding RSU and each Other Award, shall be equitably adjusted by the Company (or substituted Awards may be made, if applicable) in the manner determined by the Board. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the number of shares subject to an outstanding Option are adjusted as of the date of the distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such dividend), then an optionee who exercises an Option between the record date and the distribution date for such stock dividend shall be entitled to receive, on the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired upon such Option exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such shares were not outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for such stock dividend. (b) Reorganization and Change in Control Events . (1) Definitions . (A) A “ Reorganization Event ” shall mean: (a) any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result of which all of the Common Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for the right to receive cash, securities or other property or is canceled, (b) any transfer or disposition of all of the Common Stock of the Company for cash, securities or other property pursuant to a share exchange or other transaction or (c) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company. (B) A “ Change in Control Event ” shall mean: (i) the acquisition by an individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a “ Person ”) of beneficial ownership of any capital stock of the Company if, after such acquisition, such Person beneficially owns (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) 50% or more of either (x) the shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “ Outstanding Company Common Stock ”) or (y) the combined voting power of the securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the “ Outstanding Company Voting Securities ”); provided , however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control Event: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company (excluding an acquisition pursuant to the exercise, conversion or exchange of any security exercisable for, convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or voting securities of the Company, unless the Person exercising, converting or exchanging such security acquired such security directly from the Company or an underwriter or agent of the Company), (B) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (C) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a Business Combination (as defined below) which complies with clauses (x) and (y) of subsection (ii) of this definition; or (ii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or share exchange involving the Company or a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a “ Business Combination ”), unless, immediately following such Business Combination, each of the following two conditions is satisfied: (x) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, respectively, of the resulting or acquiring corporation in such Business Combination (which shall include, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or substantially all of the Company’s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) (such resulting or acquiring corporation is referred to herein as the “ Acquiring Corporation ”) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, respectively, immediately prior to such Business Combination and (y) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) maintained or sponsored by the Company or by the Acquiring Corporation) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 30% or more of the shares of common stock of the Acquiring Corporation, or of the combined voting power of the securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination); or (iii) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company. (C) “Good Reason ” shall mean any significant diminution in the Participant’s title, authority, or responsibilities from and after such Reorganization Event or Change in Control Event, as the case may be, or any material reduction in the annual cash compensation payable to the Participant from and after such Reorganization Event or Change in Control Event, as the case may be, or the relocation of the place of business at which the Participant is principally located to a location that is greater than 50 miles from its location immediately prior to such Reorganization Event or Change in Control Event. Notwithstanding the occurrence of any such event or circumstance, such occurrence shall not be deemed to constitute Good Reason unless (x) the Participant gives the Company notice of termination no more than 90 days after the initial existence of such event or circumstance, (y) such event or circumstance has not been fully corrected by the Company within 30 days of the Company’s receipt of such notice and (z) the Participant’s termination occurs within 60 days following the Company’s receipt of such notice. (D) “Cause ” shall mean: (i) any willful failure by the Participant, which failure is not cured within 30 days of written notice to the Participant from the Company, to perform his or her material responsibilities to the Company; or (ii) any willful misconduct by the Participant which affects the business reputation of the Company. (2) Effect on Awards Other than Restricted Stock . (A) In connection with a Reorganization Event (regardless of whether such event also constitutes a Change in Control Event), the Board shall provide that all outstanding Awards other than Restricted Stock shall be assumed, or equivalent awards shall be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if such Reorganization Event also constitutes a Change in Control Event, except to the extent specifically provided to the contrary in the instrument evidencing any Award other than Restricted Stock or any other agreement between a Participant and the Company (A) of the number of shares subject to the Award other than Restricted Stock which were not already vested shall become vested and/or exercisable upon the occurrence of such Reorganization Event and, subject to (B) below, the remaining of such number of shares shall continue to become vested in accordance with the original vesting schedule set forth in such award, with of the number of shares that would otherwise have become vested on each subsequent vesting date in accordance with the original schedule becoming vested on each subsequent vesting date and (B) such assumed or substituted award other than Restricted Stock shall become immediately vested and/or exercisable in full if, on or prior to the first anniversary of the date of the consummation of the Reorganization Event, the Participant’s employment with the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation is terminated for Good Reason by the Participant or is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation. For purposes hereof, an Award other than Restricted Stock shall be considered to be assumed if, following consummation of the Reorganization Event, the award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each share of Common Stock subject to the award immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event, the consideration (whether cash, securities or other property) received as a result of the Reorganization Event by holders of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock held immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock); provided , however, that if the consideration received as a result of the Reorganization Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the consent of the acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise and/or vesting of the Awards other than Restricted Stock to consist solely of common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) equivalent in value (as determined by the Board) to the per share consideration received by holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock as a result of the Reorganization Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything to the contrary in the Plan, if the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) does not agree to assume, or substitute for, such Awards other than Restricted Stock, or in the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the Board shall, upon written notice to the Participants, provide that all then unexercised or unvested Awards other than Restricted Stock will become vested and/or exercisable in full as of a specified time prior to the Reorganization Event and will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Reorganization Event, except to the extent, as applicable, exercised by the Participants before the consummation of such Reorganization Event; provided , however, that in the event of a Reorganization Event under the terms of which holders of Common Stock will receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share of Common Stock surrendered pursuant to such Reorganization Event (the “ Acquisition Price ”), then the Board may instead provide that all outstanding Awards other than Restricted Stock shall terminate upon consummation of such Reorganization Event and that each Participant shall receive, in exchange therefor, a cash payment equal to the amount (if any) by which (A) the Acquisition Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such outstanding Award other than Restricted Stock (whether or not then vested), exceeds (B) the aggregate exercise price of such Award other than Restricted Stock, if any. Notwithstanding the terms of Section 10(b)(2), in the case of outstanding RSUs that are subject to Section 409A: (i) if the applicable RSU agreement provides that the RSUs shall be settled upon a “change in control event” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i), and the Reorganization Event constitutes such a “change in control event”, then no assumption or substitution shall be permitted pursuant to Section 10(b)(2) and the RSUs shall instead be settled in accordance with the terms of the applicable RSU agreement; and (ii) the Board otherwise may only undertake the actions set forth in Section 10(b)(2) if the Reorganization Event constitutes a “change in control event” as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i) or if such action is permitted or required by Section 409A; if the Reorganization Event is not a “change in control event” as so defined or such action is not permitted or required by Section 409A, and the acquiring or succeeding corporation does not assume or substitute the RSUs, then the unvested RSUs shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event without any payment in exchange therefor. (B) Change in Control Event that is not a Reorganization Event . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Event that does not also constitute a Reorganization Event, except to the extent specifically provided to the contrary in the instrument evidencing any Award other than Restricted Stock or any other agreement between a Participant and the Company, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the vesting schedule of such award shall be accelerated in part so that of the number of shares that would otherwise have first become vested on any date after the date of the Change in Control Event shall immediately become vested and/or exercisable. The remaining of such number of shares shall continue to become vested in accordance with the original vesting schedule set forth in such Award other than Restricted Stock, with of the number of shares that would otherwise have become vested on each subsequent vesting date in accordance with the original schedule becoming vested on each such subsequent vesting date; provided , however, that each such Award other than Restricted Stock shall be immediately vested and/or exercisable in full if, on or prior to the first anniversary of the date of the consummation of the Change in Control Event, the Participant’s employment with the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation is terminated for Good Reason by the Participant or is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation. (3) Effect on Awards of Restricted Stock . (A) Reorganization Event . Upon the occurrence of a Reorganization Event (regardless of whether such event also constitutes a Change in Control Event), the repurchase and other rights of the Company under each outstanding Award of Restricted Stock shall inure to the benefit of the Company’s successor and shall apply to the cash, securities or other property which the Common Stock was converted into or exchanged for pursuant to such Reorganization Event in the same manner and to the same extent as they applied to such Award of Restricted Stock. (B) Change in Control Event . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Event (regardless of whether such event also constitutes a Reorganization Event), except to the extent specifically provided to the contrary in the instrument evidencing any Award of Restricted Stock or any other agreement between a Participant and the Company, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the vesting schedule of all Awards of Restricted Stock shall be accelerated in part so that of the number of shares that would otherwise have first become free from conditions or restrictions on any date after the date of the Change in Control Event shall immediately become free from conditions or restrictions. Subject to the following sentence, the remaining of such number of shares shall continue to become free from conditions or restrictions in accordance with the original schedule set forth in such Award, with of the number of shares that would otherwise have become free from conditions or restrictions on each subsequent vesting date in accordance with the original schedule becoming free from conditions or restrictions on each subsequent vesting date. In addition, each such Award shall immediately become free from all conditions or restrictions if, on or prior to the first anniversary of the date of the consummation of the Change in Control Event, the Participant’s employment with the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation is terminated for Good Reason by the Participant or is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation. 11. General Provisions Applicable to Awards (a) Transferability of Awards . Awards shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by a Participant, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or, other than in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be exercisable only by the Participant; provided, however , that, except with respect to Awards subject to Section 409A, the Board may permit or provide in an Award for the gratuitous transfer of the Award by the Participant to or for the benefit of any immediate family member, family trust or other entity established for the benefit of the Participant and/or an immediate family member thereof if the Company would be eligible to use a Form S-8 under the Securities Act for the registration of the sale of the Common Stock subject to such Award to such proposed transferee; provided further , that the Company shall not be required to recognize any such permitted transfer until such time as such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Company confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Award. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, shall include references to authorized transferees. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Section 11(a) shall be deemed to restrict a transfer to the Company. (b) Documentation . Each Award shall be evidenced in such form (written, electronic or otherwise) as the Board shall determine. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the terms of any Award agreement and this Plan, this Plan shall govern and control. (c) Termination of Status . The Board shall determine the effect on an Award of the disability, death, termination or other cessation of employment, authorized leave of absence or other change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, or the Participant’s legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary, may exercise rights, or receive any benefits, under an Award. (d) Withholding . The Participant must satisfy all applicable U.S. or .S. federal, state, and local or other income and employment tax withholding obligations before the Company will deliver shares or otherwise recognize ownership of Common Stock under an Award. The Company may elect to satisfy the withholding obligations through additional withholding on salary or wages. If the Company elects not to or cannot withhold from other compensation, the Participant must pay the Company the full amount, if any, required for withholding or have a broker tender to the Company cash equal to the withholding obligations. Payment of withholding obligations is due before the Company will issue any shares on exercise, vesting or release from forfeiture of an Award or at the same time as payment of the exercise or purchase price, unless the Company determines otherwise. If provided for in an Award or approved by the Board, a Participant may satisfy the tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their fair market value (valued in the manner determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Company); provided, however , except as otherwise provided by the Board, that the total tax withholding where stock is being used to satisfy such tax obligations cannot exceed the Company’s minimum statutory withholding obligations (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for U.S. federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income for U.S. taxpayers), except that, to the extent that the Company is able to retain shares of Common Stock having a fair market value (determined by, or in a manner approved by, the Company) that exceeds the statutory minimum applicable withholding tax without financial accounting implications or the Company is withholding in a jurisdiction that does not have a statutory minimum withholding tax, the Company may retain such number of shares of Common Stock (up to the number of shares having a fair market value equal to the maximum individual statutory rate of tax (determined by, or in a manner approved by, the Company)) as the Company shall determine in its sole discretion to satisfy the tax liability associated with any Award. Shares used to satisfy tax withholding requirements cannot be subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting or other similar requirements. (e) Amendment of Award . Except as otherwise provided in Sections 5(g) and 6(e) related to repricings, the Board may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another Award of the same or a different type, changing the date of exercise or realization, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The Participant’s consent to such action shall be required unless (i) the Board determines that the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participant’s rights under the Plan or (ii) the change is permitted under Section 10 or is required to facilitate compliance with applicable law. (f) Conditions on Delivery of Stock; Form of Delivery . The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove restrictions from shares previously issued or delivered under the Plan until (i) all conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Company’s counsel, all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and regulations and any applicable stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. The form of delivery of any shares of Common Stock ( e.g. , a stock certificate or electronic or bookkeeping entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company in its discretion. (g) Acceleration . The Board may at any time provide that any Award shall become immediately exercisable in whole or in part, free from some or all restrictions or conditions or otherwise realizable in whole or in part, as the case may be. 12. Miscellaneous (a) No Right To Employment or Other Status . No person shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award by virtue of the adoption of the Plan, and the grant of an Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the applicable Award. (b) No Rights As Stockholder; Clawback . Subject to the provisions of the applicable Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be issued with respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares. In accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to be bound by any clawback policy that the Company has in effect or may adopt in the future. (c) Original Effective Date and Term of Plan . The Plan originally became effective on the Original Effective Date. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the expiration of 10 years from the Original Effective Date, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date. (d) Amendment of Plan . The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time provided that (i) neither Section 5(g) nor 6(e) requiring stockholder approval of any Option or SAR repricing may be amended without stockholder approval; (ii) no amendment that would require stockholder approval under the rules of the national securities exchange on which the Company then maintains its primary listing may be made effective unless and until the Company’s stockholders approve such amendment; and (iii) if the national securities exchange on which the Company then maintains its primary listing does not have rules regarding when stockholder approval of amendments to equity compensation plans is required (or if the Company’s Common Stock is not then listed on any national securities exchange), then no amendment to the Plan (A) materially increasing the number of shares authorized under the Plan (other than pursuant to Section 4(c) or 10), (B) expanding the types of Awards that may be granted under the Plan, or (C) materially expanding the class of participants eligible to participate in the Plan shall be effective unless and until the Company’s stockholders approve such amendment. In addition, if at any time the approval of the Company’s stockholders is required as to any other modification or amendment under Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision with respect to Incentive Stock Options, the Board may not effect such modification or amendment without such approval. Unless otherwise specified in the amendment, any amendment to the Plan adopted in accordance with this Section 12(d) shall apply to, and be binding on the holders of, all Awards outstanding under the Plan at the time the amendment is adopted, provided the Board determines that such amendment, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Participants under the Plan or is required to facilitate compliance with applicable law. No Award shall be made that is conditioned upon stockholder approval of any amendment to the Plan unless the Award provides that (i) it will terminate or be forfeited if stockholder approval of such amendment is not obtained within no more than 12 months from the date of grant and (2) it may not be exercised or settled (or otherwise result in the issuance of Common Stock) prior to such stockholder approval. (e) Authorization of (including for Grants to .S. Employees) . The Board may from time to time establish one or more under the Plan for purposes of satisfying applicable securities, tax or other laws of various jurisdictions. The Board shall establish such by adopting supplements to the Plan containing (i) such limitations on the Board’s discretion under the Plan as the Board deems necessary or desirable or (ii) such additional terms and conditions not otherwise inconsistent with the Plan as the Board shall deem necessary or desirable. All supplements adopted by the Board shall be deemed to be part of the Plan, but each supplement shall apply only to Participants within the affected jurisdiction and the Company shall not be required to provide copies of any supplement to Participants in any jurisdiction which is not the subject of such supplement. (f) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . If and to the extent (i) any portion of any payment, compensation or other benefit provided to a Participant pursuant to the Plan in connection with his or her employment termination constitutes “nonqualified deferred compensation” within the meaning of Section 409A and (ii) the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, in each case as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determinations the Participant (through accepting the Award) agrees that he or she is bound, such portion of the payment, compensation or other benefit shall not be paid before the day that is six months plus one day after the date of “separation from service” (as determined under Section 409A) (the “ New Payment Date ”), except as Section 409A may then permit. The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant during the period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum on such New Payment Date, and any remaining payments will be paid on their original schedule. The Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to the Participant or any other person if any provisions of or payments, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A but do not satisfy the conditions of that section. (g) Limitations on Liability . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument he or she executes in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan has been or will be delegated, against any cost or expense (including attorneys’ fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Board’s approval) arising out of any act or omission to act concerning the Plan unless arising out of such person’s own fraud or bad faith. (h) Governing Law . The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, excluding principles of the law of such state that would require the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.