BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group PLC has appointed Nicola Frampton as its permanent Chief Executive Officer, transitioning from her interim role. Frampton, who previously served as Chief Operating Officer for over four years and has extensive UK market experience from roles at William Hill and Frasers Group, will lead the company alongside the new Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Andrea. The leadership will focus on strategic priorities outlined in the FY25 results announced on March 10, 2026, aiming to grow the core business and enhance shareholder returns. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 31 March 2026 31 March 2026 LEI: 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 This announcement contains Inside Information Domino's Pizza Group PLC ("DPG") Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") Appointment Domino's Pizza Group ("Domino's" or "DPG") announces the appointment of Nicola Frampton, currently Interim CEO, as permanent CEO of Domino's. Nicola's appointment comes after a comprehensive external and internal search process, through which the Board determined that she is the outstanding candidate to lead the company on a permanent basis. Prior to being appointed interim CEO in November 2025, Nicola served as Chief Operating Officer for more than four years, cementing her understanding of Domino's business, customers and stakeholders. She joined Domino's from William Hill plc, where she held the role of Managing Director of UK Retail. She currently serves as a Non-Executive Director and Remuneration Committee Chair of Frasers Group plc . Nicola brings an in-depth knowledge of the UK market, a strong commercial mindset and has a genuine passion for driving the success of the Domino's brand in the UK and Ireland. Nicola and the wider leadership team, including Andrew Andrea who recently joined DPG as Chief Financial Officer, will focus on the strategic priorities that were set out in the company's FY25 results, announced on 10 th March 2026. Ian Bull, Chair, Domino's Pizza Group said: "I am delighted that Nicola has agreed to become permanent CEO of Domino's. Having undertaken a thorough assessment of both internal and external candidates, the Board is clear that Nicola is the outstanding candidate to lead the business forward, drawing on her deep operational expertise and strong leadership attributes. "Nicola has led Domino's extremely effectively as Interim CEO, bringing a clear strategic focus and creating strong alignment and positive momentum across our core business. The Board is confident that under Nicola's leadership, Domino's is well-placed to execute on our strategy to grow the core business and drive shareholder returns." Nicola Frampton, CEO, Domino's Pizza Group, said: "I am honoured to be appointed as CEO of Domino's, a business that I am incredibly passionate about. As I set out in our recent results, we have a clear strategy for sustainable growth and there is real excitement across the business about the challenges and the opportunities ahead of us. "We have an exceptional brand, a strong market position and a best-in-class leadership team. I look forward to working with the whole Domino's team, as well as our franchisee partners, to deliver on the core strategic and operational initiatives we have identified. We have made a promising start to 2026, and I have strong conviction about Domino's long-term prospects." This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (together, "MAR"). The person responsible for making this notification is Adrian Bushnell, Company Secretary. For further information, please contact: Domino's Pizza Group plc: Michael Barker, Director of Investor Relations - +44 (0) 7345 418 580 Brunswick: Max McGahan / Emilia Smith - 020 7404 5959 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Premier Miton Group 1 hour ago Braemar 2 hours ago Hill and Smith 2 hours ago Supermarket Income Reit 3 hours ago Polar Capital Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and