BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group plc announced that Chief Financial Officer Andrew Andrea received a grant of 618,345 ordinary shares under the company's Long Term Incentive Plan on March 17, 2026. These are buy-out awards intended to compensate for forfeited awards from previous employment, with no price paid for the shares. The award is conditional on continued service and will vest in stages between July 16, 2027, and June 6, 2028. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 17 March 2026 17 March 2026 Domino's Pizza Group plc Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them (in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulations) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Andrew Andrea 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Domino's Pizza Group plc b) LEI 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 25/48 pence each in Domino's Pizza Group plc GB00BYN59130 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a conditional award by the Company under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan over 618,345 shares, which are Buy-out Awards to compensate for the loss of awards from previous employment. The award is subject to continued service, and will vest in tranches from 16 July 2027 to 6 June 2028. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 618,345 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 618,345 Nil e) Date of the transaction 17 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Enquiries: Adrian Bushnell, Company Secretary + 44 (0) 1908 580000 About Domino's Pizza Group Domino's Pizza Group plc is the UK's leading pizza brand and a major player in the Irish market. We hold the master franchise agreement to own, operate and franchise Domino's stores in the UK and the Republic of Ireland. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Premier Miton Group 2 hours ago Braemar 2 hours ago Hill and Smith 2 hours ago Supermarket Income Reit 3 hours ago Polar Capital Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and