BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group plc has announced the release of its Annual Report and Accounts for the 52 weeks ended 28 December 2025, along with a circular and proxy forms for its Annual General Meeting scheduled for 23 April 2026. These documents, which follow the preliminary results announced on 10 March 2026, are now available on the company's corporate website and will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. Shareholders can submit questions in advance of the AGM via email. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 24 March 2026 LEI: 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 24 March 2026 DOMINO'S PIZZA GROUP PLC ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT & NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Further to the announcement of its preliminary results on 10 March 2026 (the "Results Announcement"), Domino's Pizza Group plc (the "Company") announces that it has today posted to shareholders and has submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, copies of the following documents: · Annual Report and Accounts for the 52 weeks ended 28 December 2025 (the "Annual Report and Accounts") · Circular relating to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 23 April 2026 · Forms of Proxy for shareholders to vote at the AGM As required by UKLR 6.4.1 R, these documents will shortly be available for inspection on the National Storage Mechanism https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . As required by DTR 6.3.5 R (3), the Company confirms that the Annual Report and Accounts and the Circular relating to the Annual General Meeting are now available to view or download in pdf format from the Company's corporate website, https://investors.dominos.co.uk . Any shareholder that wishes to raise a question in connection with business to be conducted at the meeting, can do so in advance of the AGM by sending it by email to company.secretary@dominos.co.uk . Enquiries : Adrian Bushnell, Company Secretary Domino's Pizza Group plc 01908 580000 About Domino's Pizza Group : Domino's Pizza Group plc is the UK's leading pizza brand and a major player in the Irish market. We hold the master franchise agreement to own, operate and franchise Domino's stores in the UK and the Republic of Ireland. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and