BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group PLC reported a positive start to 2026, with total system sales increasing by 5.8% and like-for-like sales growing by 4.5% in the first quarter compared to the prior year. Total orders rose by 2.3%, with like-for-like orders up 0.9%, and the launch of CHICK 'N' DIP met initial expectations. The company has hedged costs for the current financial year and into 2027, anticipating no supply issues and maintaining full-year earnings expectations. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 23 April 2026 23 April 2026 LEI: 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 Domino's Pizza Group PLC ("DPG" or "Domino's") Q1 Trading Statement POSITIVE TRADING MOMENTUM CONTINUES, MAINTAIN FULL YEAR EXPECTATIONS Ahead of the Annual General Meeting being held today, we set out below a summary of Q1 2026 trading. Q1 2026 represented an encouraging start to the year, with positive total system sales, like ‑ for ‑ like sales and order growth compared with Q1 2025. Total system sales increased by 5.8%, including like ‑ for ‑ like growth of 4.5%, while total orders rose by 2.3%, with like ‑ for ‑ like orders up 0.9%. The Group also successfully launched CHICK 'N' DIP, with initial trading performance meeting expectations with positive feedback and advocacy from our customers. Despite the well documented macroeconomic backdrop, our costs are hedged for the current financial year with some costs hedged into 2027 and we do not currently foresee any supply-related issues. The Board currently expects to achieve our earnings expectations for the full year. Commenting on the performance in Q1, Nicola Frampton, CEO, said: "We have carried the positive momentum seen at the end of 2025 into 2026, with trading performing in line with our expectations. We are pleased with the early performance of CHICK 'N' DIP and excited for our Italianos range which has recently launched and is built on a thin crust pizza collection with delicious new toppings, further strengthening our core pizza offer. As we move through 2026, we remain firmly focused on growing the core business and improving our operational execution for current and future years." For further information, please contact: Domino's Pizza Group plc: Michael Barker, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs - +44 (0) 7345 418 580 Brunswick: Max McGahan / Emilia Smith - 020 7404 5959 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and