BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group Plc announced the appointment of Annie Murphy as an independent non-executive Director, effective January 5, 2026. Murphy brings extensive experience from senior roles at PepsiCo, Procter & Gamble, and most recently as SVP, Global Chief Commercial Officer - Brands and International at Walgreens Boots Alliance until January 2023. She also serves as an independent non-executive Director of Associated British Foods Plc since September 2023. Murphy will contribute her expertise in commercial and brand strategy to the Board's Audit, Remuneration, Sustainability, and Nomination & Governance Committees. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 11 December 2025 11 December 2025 LEI: 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 Domino's Pizza Group Plc Directorate change Domino's Pizza Group Plc ("Domino's" or "the Group") is pleased to announce the appointment of Annie Murphy as an independent non-executive Director. Annie will be a member of the Board's Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Sustainability Committee, and Nomination & Governance Committee. Annie has held senior roles at a number of leading global consumer and retail companies, including PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble. Most recently, she served as SVP, Global Chief Commercial Officer - Brands and International at Walgreens Boots Alliance until January 2023. Annie has also been an independent non-executive Director of Associated British Foods Plc since September 2023. Annie will join the Board with effect from 5 January 2026. Ian Bull, Chair, Domino's Pizza Group said: "I am delighted to welcome Annie to the Board of Domino's. Annie has served in both executive and non-executive roles at some of the world's leading consumer and retail businesses. She will be a strong addition to the Board, bringing particular expertise in commercial and brand strategy, and we look forward to benefitting from her global experience." No further information is required to be disclosed pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R in respect of the appointment noted above. For further information, please contact: Domino's Pizza Group plc: Michael Barker, Director of Investor Relations - +44 (0) 7345 418 580 Brunswick: Max McGahan / Emilia Smith - 020 7404 5959 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 hours ago RIT Capital Partners 8 hours ago Buccaneer Energy PLC 9 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 9 hours ago XP Factory 9 hours ago Genuit Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and