BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group PLC announced Andrew Andrea as the new Chief Financial Officer, expected to join on March 16, 2026. Edward Jamieson is stepping down as CFO, effective today. Richard Snow will serve as interim CFO until Andrew Andrea's arrival. Lynn Fordham is stepping down from the Board to take on a newly created role of Special Advisor to the Board, and will be replaced as Senior Independent Director by Natalia Barsegiyan, and as Chair of the Audit Committee by Robyn Perriss. The company's expectation for FY25 Underlying EBITDA remains in the range of £130m to £140m, consistent with the interim results announced on August 5, 2025. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 18 September 2025 18 September 2025 LEI: 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 Domino's Pizza Group PLC Board and Directorate Changes Domino's Pizza Group ("Domino's" or "DPG") announces the following changes to its Board and Management team as the business accelerates the delivery of its ambitious strategy. Andrew Andrea has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Andrew is currently CFO of C&C Group plc and will join DPG on 16 March 2026 after serving his notice period. Andrew is a proven FTSE CFO with highly relevant sector experience. Prior to joining C&C Group, he spent nearly 22 years with Marstons plc, including 12 years as CFO. He has extensive experience of M&A and of operating in franchise models at both Marstons and, earlier in his career, the optician chain Dollond & Aitchison. Andrew was a non-executive director of Portmeirion Group plc from 2017 to 2024. Edward Jamieson, our current CFO, is leaving the Company by mutual agreement. He will step down from the Board today, 18 September. Edward has served as CFO since 2022, a period of significant change for the company, and has played a key role in developing a new strategy, completing multiple transactions, and significantly growing its share of the UK pizza market. Until Andrew joins next March, Richard Snow will take over as interim CFO with immediate effect. Richard has previously held CFO roles at Ladbrokes and Cavendish Corporate Finance, and for the past year has worked with DPG on strategic projects. Separately, Lynn Fordham, current Senior Independent Director (SID), is taking on the newly-created role of Special Adviser to the Board as the business embarks upon a period of accelerated activity. Lynn has served on the Board of DPG since September 2020 and the depth of her experience in senior finance and strategy roles in major businesses will prove invaluable during this time of change for DPG. As a result of taking on this new role Lynn has stepped down from the Board with effect from 17 September but may return to the Board at some point in the future. She will be replaced as SID by Natalia Barsegiyan, and as Chair of the Audit Committee by Robyn Perriss. The Nomination Committee of the Board has also initiated a search for an additional Non-Executive Director. We continue to expect FY25 Underlying EBITDA to be in the range of £130m to £140m, unchanged from our interim results on 5 August 2025. Ian Bull, Chair, Domino's Pizza Group said: 'As we enter the next phase of DPG's growth, our CEO Andrew Rennie and I are delighted to announce the appointment of Andrew Andrea as our new CFO. He has an exceptional track record as a CFO in the hospitality sector and knows how to operate in franchise environments. Working alongside our leadership team and franchisees, we have no doubt that his experience will prove invaluable as we accelerate delivery of our growth strategy. 'I would like to thank Edward for his contribution to the business and his role in developing our strategy, strengthening the balance sheet, and successfully launching a new ERP. He leaves the business and the finance function in good shape and we wish him every success in the future. I'd like to thank Lynn for agreeing to take on her new role and I'm also grateful to Natalia, Robyn and Richard for accepting their additional responsibilities. 'This is an exciting time for Domino's, as we execute our strategy, further increase market share and launch new initiatives such as our chicken sub brand Chick N Dip. While our market remains challenging, we have a clear strategy and a world-class CEO, leadership team and franchisee base to deliver it.' No further details require to be disclosed relating to the appointment of Andrew Andrea under UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Contacts: Investor Relations - Will MacLaren, Director of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7443 192 118 Media - Tim Danaher, Emilia Smith - Brunswick +44 (0) 207 404 5959 About Domino's Pizza Group Domino's Pizza Group plc is the UK's leading pizza brand and a major player in the Irish market. We hold the master franchise agreement to own, operate and franchise Domino's stores in the UK and the Republic of Ireland. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Hunting 1 day ago Secure Trust Bank 1 day ago QinetiQ Group 1 day ago Pennon Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and