ANNUAL

REPORT &

ACCOUNTS
2022

| mun

*ACACKQIV®
A12 26/05/2023 #149
COMPANIES HO! ISE )

IN THIS REPORT

Strategic report

Financial and non-financial highlights 01
Purpose, vision and values 02
Our investment proposition 04
Chair's statement 06
CEO's review os
Market review 4
Our business model 16
Our strategy 8
Delivering on our strategy 19
Key performance indicators 24
Engaging with our stakeholders and workforce 26
Section 172 28
Sustainability 30
Non-financial information statement 47
Financial review 48
Risk management 54
Viability statement 61
Governance

Board of Directors 62
Chair's introduction to Corporate Governance 64
Corporate Governance 66
Nomination & Governance Committee report 75
Sustainability Committee report 78
Audit Committee report 80
Directors’ remuneration report 88
Directors’ report nS
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 18
Financial statements

Independent Auditor's report 19
Group income statement 126
Group statement of comprehensive income 127
Group balance sheet 128
Group statement of changes in equity 130
Group cash flow statement 131
Notes to the Group financial statements 132
Company balance sheet 182
Company statement of changes in equity 183
Notes to the Company financial statements 184
Five-year financial summary 190

Shareholder information

191

WE ARE DOMINO'S

: Weare part of the global Domino’s
: system; the biggest pizza delivery
: operator in the world. We hold the

exclusive master franchise rights in the
UK & Ireland under long-term agreements
with Domino’s Pizza International
Franchising Inc., the international arm of

> Domino’s Pizza Inc which is listed on the
: New York Stock Exchange and which

> owns the Domino’s brand across the

: globe. Our core business is in the UK &

lreland, where we have a clear number
one market share.

: What we do
: We are passionate about delivering hot,

great-tasting, freshly handcrafted pizzas
to customers. Since opening the first
Domino’s store in the UK in 1985, we now

: have 1,261 stores across the UK & Ireland.

Last year, we sold over 114 million freshly
handcrafted pizzas.

: Why we doit :

: We have a clear purpose to deliver a

: better future through food people love.

: The values we all share at Domino’s drive

our passion to deliver excellence everyday
across the business, so we continue to be

: a favourite brand of a growing number

of customers.

@ Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements

2 ‘System sales’ Like-for-like system sales growth Reported revenue
5 (€m) ex VAT and ex splits (%)? (€m)
= /, £600.3
= £1,456.4m +5.3% om
2
<o 2022 1456.4 2022 s3 2022 6003
1s 2021 14994 202 ss 2021 508
2 2020 saa 2020 40 2020 8051
oO
ra Underlying EBITDA® Statutory profit for the year Underlying earnings per share®
(em) (em) (p)
£130.1m £81.6m 18.8p
ws vos wx ws wo ws
= = = = = =
a ee = > = :
Dividends per share Share buybacks announced Free cash flow
(p) (£m) (em)
10.0p £86m £79.0m
= .: = : = a
= ° = ° no ~
2 App sales as a percentage App orders as a percentage New store openings
= of system sales (%) of online orders (%) 35
3
D> 202 3%
= zon »
ag 2020 oy
oO
c
oe
&
e
c
io}
z

Systom sales reprosent the sum ofall sales made by both fronchised and corporate stores to consumers in UK & Ireland. These are excluding VAT.
2. Anadjustment for the change in VAT rates described for system sales relates to the impect of changes inthe VAT applied on hot tekeaway food where the VAT inclusive price to customers did
not change. The VAT rate in the UK decreased from 20% to 8% on 15 July 2020, increased to 12.5% on 1 October 2021 and reverted back to 20% on 1 April 2022. System sales are consistently
reported on an exclusive of VAT basis. However, where the inclusive of VAT price of an ardar remained the seme on a total basis to the customer, over the period of reduced VAT the exclusive
of VAT price reported in system sales increased. This leads to an increase in system sales from 15 July 2020 through to 31 September 2021 when the VAT rate was reduced from 20% to 5%.
From 1October 2021, the rate increased from 5% to 12.5%. Where the inclusive of VAT price of an order remained the same on a total basis, this leads to.a decrease in system sales compared to
the period from 16 July 2020 and an increase in system sales compared tothe period before 15 July 2020. With the increase in VAT from 1 Apri! 2022 back up to 20%, wharo the inclusive of VAT
price remained the same to the consumer, thera has been 8 negative impact on system sales compared to the period from 1S July 2020 ~ 31 September 2021 and 1 October 21 ~ 31 March 2022,
as tho exclusive of VAT price of an order decreased.
tn treland, the VAT rate for hot takeaway food reduced from 15.5% to 9% on t November 2020 end remsins in placo. The Irish government slso confirmed thatthe temporary VAT rate reduction
10.9% inthe tourism and hospitality sectors will not bo oxtonded, meaning the VAT rate will revert to 13.5% from 1 March 2028.
LUike-forike (excluding splits) systom sales performance is colculated for UK & Ireland against o comparable 52-woek period inthe prior poriod for mature stores which wore not in teritories split
in tho current period or comparable period. Mature stores are defined as those opened prior to 27th December 2020.
3. Underlying is defined as statutory performance excluding 2, and items classified as non-underlying which includes significant non-recurring items or items directly related
tomerger and acquisition activity and related instrumonts as set out in note 7 to the financial information.

Domino's Pizza Group plc | Annual Report & Accounts 2022 ao

PURPOSE, VISION AND VALUES

OUR VISION

To be the favourite food delivery and
collection brand with pizza at our heart

OUR PURPOSE

Delivering a better future
through food people love

Our ambition is to bring people together around food they
love and, by doing so, have a positive impact on everyone
who interacts with us: our customers, colleagues,
franchisees, investors, and the communities we serve.

Our purpose is underpinned by an evolving sustainability
strategy which ensures a better future; one where,
among other things, our environmental impact is
minimised, our workplaces are inclusive, and our
products are responsibly sourced.

Domino's is one of the best-loved brands in the world with
a reputation for taste, quality, speed and service. While we
are focused on delivering long-term sustainable growth,
our corporate purpose ensures that we achieve this
responsibly and in a way that truly delivers a better future
for all our key stakeholders.

Domino's Pizza Group plc | Annual Report & Accounts 2022

GUIDED BY OUR VALUES

Our values guide what we do, the decisions we make and the way we
respond to opportunities
every day, we grow our winning culture and deliver our purpose.

id challenges. When we bring them to life,

We do the right thing

We care about our impact on our brand, our
colleagues, our communities and the wider world.
So we're proud to do the right thing and keep

our promises.

We are one team

We respect and celebrate the whole team for who
we are and the value we each bring. We grab the
amazing opportunities to grow, succeed and live our
best work-life.

We love customers

Every decision and action we take has customers at
the heart. We listen to customers and create great
experiences to delight them and keep them coming
back for more.

We are bold

It takes courage and determination to lead the field.
Dominoids are bold, entrepreneurial, we aren't afraid
to innovate and learn fast to become better every day.

We grow and win together

No one can beat us when we're working hard and
playing hard together. We share big ambitions, have
a growth mindset and enjoy success as one Domino's.

IMPLEMENTING OUR PURPOSE

Our corporate purpose is the guiding star for our business

Our colleagues understand the importance of our corporate purpose, and how they can
contribute towards it. In 2022, we continued a programme of activities which embedded
our purpose into our culture. These included a roadshow providing training on our
purpose and values to our supply chain centres in April. This was replicated in our
corporate stores with managers and in-store teams in October. In our internal WeSay

survey, the number of colleagues confirming “I understand the values” increased vs. 2021.

Scotland
stores
Northern
Ireland Total
stores 1 3 2 61
stores
Republic
of Ireland

59 Wales

stores 63 England

stores 1 010
3

stores

Domino's Pizza Group plc | Annual Report & Accounts 2022 os

@ Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements

! At Domino's we are committed to delivering a better
future through food people love. That means that we
are focused on growing our business but doing so

is based around five key areas:

OUR CUSTOMERS

‘Customers are at the heart of our
business. We are committed to
helping customers make informed

offering an increasing range of
products to suit all dietary
requirements and preferences.

OUR PEOPLE

People make pizzas. Ensuring all
‘Dominoids' are able to challenge
themselves, and build a career ina
safe, diverse, and inclusive

+ environment is a key ingredient to
5 continuing to grow our business.

: OUR ENVIRONMENT

! Reducing society’s impact on the
environment is the key challenge
of our time. We understand we
have a part to play, and from our
use of natural resources to
targeting net zero for carbon, we
are doing our bit to reduce our

! impact on the environment.

: OUR COMMUNITIES

} We aim to have a positive impact

to serve. Our stores support local
causes and charities, whilst
ensuring they are a good

} neighbour by operating

} considerately.

~ OUR SOURCING

} Areliable, responsible supply

! chain is key to our business.

We work with our suppliers to
ensure that our high compliance
standards for topics such as
animal welfare and the treatment

choices about our products, and to.

on every community we are proud

: of workers are strictly adhered to.

! responsibly. Our refreshed sustainability strategy
} underpins our ambition to deliver a better future and

Discover more
on page S2

Discover more
on page 34

Discover more
on page 36

Discover more
on page 45

Discover more
‘on page 44

OUR INVESTMENT PROPOSITION

Reasons
to invest

We are transforming the Group into a high-
growth, high-quality, world-class franchisor —
we have a strong investment case, building
on our core strengths:

DYNAMIC,
DIGITAL
BUSINESS

a : We operate a digitally driven and
: responsive business model.
WORLD i =We have accelerated our evolution to a
truly digital business, with our app driving
CLASS BRAND growth reflecting the rapid chong in
consumer preference and engagement
i A . thi ket.
: We strive to be the favourite food across the marke

: delivery and collection brand in
2 the UK & Ireland.

— Our model is unique in that we offer
delivery to our customers and are
also focused on turbo-charging the

— Driven by investment in our national
value and social media campaigns,
to drive sales, brand awareness and
customer engagement.

— We are the leading pizza takeaway
brand in the UK.

Seo our
‘on page 14

cot contoxt

Domino's Pizza Group ple | Annual Report & Accounts 2022

growth of our collection business.

‘See.our CEO review
onpages

0%

of system sales are digital

EXPERIENCED
FRANCHISE
PARTNERS

Our network of franchise partners

have exceptionally strong operational

expertise and experience, and are

passionate about our brand.

~ We reached a resolution with our franchise
partners in December 2021 which has
heralded a new era of collaborat

— Together, we are now focused on
accelerating the growth of the system

See.our s172 statement
on page 28

EXCEPTIONAL
SUPPLY CHAIN

Our world-class supply chain is
the backbone of the business.

~ From four supply chain centres, supplying
fresh pizza dough and ingredients to all
our stores, with our purchasing scale
and expertise benefiting franchisees.

— We are making further investment in
our supply and production facilities to
support our system sales growth, with
a relentless focus on product availability,
quality and value.

S00 our CFO review
on poge 48

© Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

29.9m

: App orders in 2022

ASSET LIGHT AND
HIGHLY CASH
GENERATIVE

: We are a highly cash

generative business.

= Prioritising re-investment of this cash into
the core business to enhance returns and
drive future growth.

— We have embedded a cash-focused
framework throughout the Group, with
a rigorous focus on improving our cash
conversion and capital allocation to
enhance returns to shareholders.

‘SeeourCFO review
on page 48

£266m

ce March 2021

} returned to shareholders

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

We have continued to consider
carefully all our stakeholders in our
decision making and ensuring that
we are doing the right thing has
been a key focus of the Board.

Matt Shattock — Chair

Domino's Pizza Group ple | Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Overview of the year

The Company has made strong progress
following the resolution reached with our
franchise partners at the end of 2021.

The manner in which the Domino’s team and
our world-class franchise partners have risen
to the challenge presented by global inflation
and challenging consumer environment is a
great example of what can be achieved when
the Domino’s system works together.

We have built on our recent strategic progress
and have once again demonstrated that
Domino's has a business model which is able
to adapt to external market conditions and
deliver outstanding results. Domino's is one

of the world’s leading consumer brands and
there remains a significant opportunity to
build on the strengths of the system to

deliver sustainable long-term value for

all of our stakeholders.

As a Board, we continue to do everything we
can to take care of our people, working
closely with our franchisee partners and
supporting them, collaborating closely with
suppliers, giving back to our communities and
acting in shareholders’ long-term interests.

: Leadership changes

5 During the year we appointed Elias Diaz Sese
as Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis

following the resignation of Dominic Paul.

Elias brings over 20 years’ experience in
leadership roles in global consumer food

brands and franchise businesses. He had been

: anon-executive director of the Company

since October 2019 so was already familiar
with the strategy, our franchise partners and
the management team. Under his leadership,

: the Company is continuing to execute its
: successful strategy at pace, in partnership
! with our franchise partners.

: Edward Jamieson joined the Board as Chief

Financial Officer following a rigorous search.

= He brings a great blend of senior financial

experience and a background in big

= consumer, digitally led brands, which is
: exactly what we need to continue growing
} the Domino's business.

} Tracy Corrigan joined the Board as a

non-executive Director in May. Tracy has
broad-based business experience together
with a deep experience of enhancing the
digital capability of businesses and optimising
revenue generation and is a strong addition
to the Board.

Strategic progress and capital
allocation discipline

Delivering a better future through food
people love is our purpose, with a vision to
be the favourite food delivery and collection
brand with pizza at our heart. This has been
exemplified by the manner in which our
colleagues and franchise partners have ~
worked collaboratively in the current
economic environment to provide excellent
service and compelling value to our
customers. Our purpose guides everything
we do as a Company in the interests of all
of our stakeholders.

The business traded well through the year,
with our value message resonating well with
customers and we executed on a number of
key strategic priorities. We finished the year
with a strong final quarter and the momentum
has continued into the start of 2023.
Important strategic progress was made with
the data-led trial and subsequent roll-out on
the Just Eat platform and the exercise of our
option over the German business. You can
read more on how we operated and traded
through the year and the strategic progress
we have delivered in Elias’ report on page 8.

Our capital allocation framework seeks to
amplify shareholder returns by our effective
and disciplined use of capital. This is a highly
cash generative business, and our first priority
is to reinvest back into the core business to.
enhance returns and enable future growth.
Total capital investment in the business this
year was £19.7m.

The second pillar of our capital allocation
framework is a sustainable and progressive
dividend with earnings-per-share cover.

‘Asa result, we are recommending a final
dividend for the year of 6.8p which, combined
with the interim dividend of 3.2p, gives @
10.0p full-year dividend, an increase of 2.0%
compared to the prior year. In addition, as
part of our framework to return an annual
allocation of surplus cash to our shareholders
we announced share buyback programmes
of £86m in the year.

We will continue to invest in the growth of the
business, and together with returns to
shareholders through both dividends and
buybacks, we believe this will support our
growth potential and maximise long-term
returns for shareholders.

Domino's Pizza Group plc | Annual Report & Accounts 2022

! Sustainability

We have made good strides in the process
of integrating sustainability in how we run
‘our business and now have a standalone
Board Sustainability Committee. In 2022,

we refreshed our sustainability strategy after
consulting with colleagues, customers and
franchise partners. We have been making

! good progress, for example, securing
2 vali

ion of our science based targets and
‘our net zero carbon targets, and improving

} our Carbon Disclosure Project rating. We are

committed to our sustainability journey and
look forward to providing a further update
later in 2023 when we will publish our first
standalone Sustainability report.

Further details on our 2022 progress are
set out in the sustainability section of this
Annual Report on pages 30 to 46.

: The year ahead

Our asset-light business model and value

| proposition mean we are well placed to

} succeed in a challenging trading

: environment. We are focused on

: accelerating the execution of our strategy

and we look forward to the year ahead with
confidence and making good progress

2 towards achieving at least the upper end of

the previously announced target of £1.6bn
— £1.9bn of system sales in the medium term.

Finally, | would like to offer once again

= express my deep gratitude to all our
2 hard-working coll

jues, our franchisee
partners, our suppliers, our customers
and our shareholders, for your support
throughout the year.

| Matt Shattock
Chair
£8 March 2023

@ Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements

Thank you to our colleagues who
left in the year

Dominic Paul resigned from the Board during
the year. Dominic was an outstanding CEO of
Domino's, and oversaw the transformational
resolution with our world-class franchise
partners, which has given the business a
strong platform for future growth.

On behalf of the Board, | would like
personally to thank him for his contribution
to the Company over the past two years.

Colin Halpern stepped down from the Board
in May, having founded Domino's in the UK &
Ireland in 1993. It is thanks to his vision that
the Company is as strong as it is today, and
we are grateful for his immense contribution
to the business.

| would like to thank David Surdeau for his
contribution and leadership as interim Chief
Financial Officer.

CEO’S REVIEW

| would like to thank our franchise partners

and our colleagues for their immense hard
work and dedication which delivered a strong
performance in 2022. In the current challenging
economic environment, we’re committed to
giving our customers the best possible quality,
value and service, and are excited about the
many opportunities we see for Domino's in
2023 and beyond.

Elias Diaz Sese — Interim Chief Executive Officer

Introduction

In December 2021, we reached resolution
with our franchise partners on a new
framework to ensure that the Domino's
system is aligned and able to deliver
sustainable growth. We introduced a new
incentive scheme to our franchise partners
to open more stores and a new rebate
mechanism to drive order count. We also
started new technology platform projects,
an eCommerce platform and.an Enterprise
Resource Planning (“ERP”) system to develop
and implement two new cloud-based IT
systems to enable us to capture growth in
the future and drive further efficiencies.

From the second half of FY22, we have seen

tangible benefits for the Domino's system and _

our market share of the UK takeaway market
was 8.0% in Q4, up from 6.8% in the same
period last year. This was driven by strong
national value campaigns, digital initiatives,
improved customer service from our franchise
partners, growth in collections and the initial
benefit of being on the Just Eat platform.
This is testament to the strength of our brand,
the alignment we now have with our world-
class franchise partners and a value
proposition which resonates strongly with
customers in the current environment.

Domino's Pizza Group ple | Annual Report & Accounts 2022 08

FY22 performance summary
Underlying trading in the year was robust, with
like-for-like system sales, excluding splits and
the impact of VAT, up 5.3%. Our franchise
partners delivered another year of strong
operational performance and navigated the
challenging market conditions with great skill
and hard work.

: Underlying EBITDA was £130.1m, down £6.3m_

2 compared to last year, largely due to the

= accounting treatment of investment in

! cloud-based technology platforms (£5.2m).

2 Alower contribution from the German associate
: (€2.4m), partially due to the put option exercise

to exit our investment, was offset by the profit
on sale of five corporate stores (£2.1m).
Excluding these, underlying EBITDA would
have been broadly flat compared to FY21.

! Statutory profit after tax was £81.6m, up.

£3.3m on last year as a result of reduced costs
and charges from our discontinued

: international operations offsetting the
: reduction in underlying profitability.

Free cash flow generated by the business was

: £79,0m, a decrease from £104.6m last year as,

EBITDA generated was offset by working capital
outflows as a result of timing differences and

: receivables increases. In FY23 to date, £8m of

the movement relating to creditors and accruals

= has reversed as a cash inflow. We anticipate a

net working capital inflow for the full year.

As expected, Net Debt increased by £53.6m
from the start of the year to £253.3m with Net
Debt/EBITDA leverage increasing from 1.54x

= at the start of the year to 2.06x (excluding

IFRS 16). The increase was driven by

: shareholder returns through the payment of

dividends and the share buyback programmes
announced in the year.

The continued strong performance of the
business means that, in line with our capital
allocation framework, we are proposing a final
dividend of 6.8p, which, when combined with
the 3.2p interim dividend, results in a 2.0%
increase compared to the prior year.

Significant digital opportunity

In FY22, 90% of sales were digital, but
Domino's is still in the early stages of becoming
a truly ecommerce business. We have 13.6m
active digital customers in the UK & Ireland and
we are now building data capabilities to
enhance the customer experience and drive an

: increase in order frequency.

The Domino's app is the key driver of our
digital growth strategy and will be a material
contributor to system sales growth. In FY22,
orders generated through our app grew
10.0%, and the app orders as a percentage
of online orders were 52.2%, an increase of
6.tppts on the prior year and 8.8ppts on 2019.
As a percentage of online orders, app orders
grew consistently throughout FY22 and
finished the year at 59.8%. App downloads

in FY22 were 50% higher and active app
customers were 6.1m, an increase of 16%
compared to the prior year.

App customers are important to us, because
in FY22, customers who only use the app yield
43% higher sales per customer than
customers who only use the website.

In addition, customers who only used the app
in FY22 had an average order frequency 51%
higher than web only customers.

Attracting more customers to the app
continues to be a key focus in 2023 and we are
very pleased that in the first ten weeks of Qi,
new app customers are up 46%.

Second year of our growth strategy
We launched our growth strategy in March
2021 with a vision to be the favourite food
delivery and collection brand, with pizza at its
heart. We continue to make progress.
delivering against this strategy and are
confident we can accelerate the growth of the
business and deliver increased returns for
shareholders. We remain confident of
achieving at least the upper end of the £1.6bn
~ £1.9bn system sales target and opening at
least 200 new stores in the medium term.
Our strategy to achieve this is centred on five
growth pillars.

Delivery:
Nobody delivers like Domino’s

Delivery is at the heart of our business and is
what we are best known for ~ we have built a
considerable following, with a brand that
people love, enabling us to maintain a leading
position in the UK & Ireland delivery market.
Whilst delivery sales were lower compared to
the prior year, we maintained excellent service
standards with average delivery times of
around 26 minutes.

Domino's Pizza Group ple | Annual Report & Accounts 2022

Q&A

{a} What first attracted you
to Domino’s?
Domino’s is a great business with
a superb brand and world-class
franchise partners. Before |
became involved in the business
I worked closely with a large
Domino's franchise partner and
I was impressed with the brand,
the product and the opportunity
to drive growth and deliver
shareholder returns. This is why
three years ago | made a significant
personal investment in Domino's
and was delighted to
Board. | am really excited and
honoured to take on the role of
CEO onan interim basis and to
accelerate the delivery of our
strategic plan.

(a) What have you been
impressed with at
Domino’s?

The passion and commitment of
everyone in the system has been
impressive. | spent my first months
in role travelling around the country
meeting with colleagues, franchise
partners, suppliers and
shareholders. We have a fantastic
brand and | have seen real

determination from everyone in the :

system to keep delivering a
better service, product and
experience for our customers.

@ Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements

(a) Having been involved in
the creation of the current
strategy, what changes are
you planning on making?

I worked closely with the Board and
management team to create the
current strategy, which I firmly
believe is the right one to drive
Domino's future growth, While the
strategy remains the same, | am
determined to accelerate its
execution so we can continue
improving our customer service
and our product, whilst driving
the growth of the system and
delivering returns for our
shareholders.

fa} What are you focused on
this year?
‘As we enter the third year of our
growth strategy, we are focused on
accelerating its execution, through
five key areas of focus: franchisee
profitability & organisation, value
for money, digital, convenience and
technology platform projects.
Our asset-light business model and
value proposition mean we are well
placed to succeed in a challenging
trading environment, and we
remain confident that we will make
further financial and strategic
progress, and increased returns
for our shareholders.

CEO’S REVIEW

In March 2022, we introduced a delivery
charge, in line with our aggregator peers.

This allows our franchise partners to offset
s