Domino’s
{Graphic appear here]
Domino’s Pizza Group plc

Annual Report & Accounts 2021
WE GOT THIS

Domino’s

DOMINO’S PIZZA IS THE UK’S LEADING PIZZA BRAND AND A MAJOR PLAYER IN THE REPUBLIC OF

IRELAND
WE GOT THIS

We are part of the global Domino’s system; the biggest pizza delivery operator in the world. We hold the exclusive master
franchise rights in the UK & Ireland under long-term agreements with Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., the
international arm of Domino’s Pizza Inc which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and which owns the Domino’s brand
across the globe. Our core business is in the UK & Ireland, where we have a clear number one market share.

|Graphic appear here]

See more online at https://investors.dominos.co.uk

OVERVIEW

ol Highlights

02 Investment case
04 — Chair’s statement

STRATEGIC REPORT

08 = Chief Executive Officer’s review

14 Purpose, vision and values

16 Business model

18 Strategic priorities

20 Strategy in action

30 Market context

32 Key performance indicators

34 Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006
36 Engaging with our stakeholders and workforce
38 Sustainability

52 Financial review

58 Risk management

59 Principal risks and uncertainties

69 — Viability statement

GOVERNANCE

72 Board of Directors

76 — Chair’s introduction to Corporate Governance
78 — Corporate Governance

86 Nomination & Governance Committee report
88 Audit Committee report

96 Directors’ remuneration report

119 Directors’ report

123 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

126 Independent Auditor’s report

134 Group income statement

135 Group statement of comprehensive income
136 Group balance sheet

138 Group statement of changes in equity

139 Group cash flow statement

SATURDAY

anni

28/05/2022 #287 |
COMPANIES HOUSE |

141
191
192
193
199
200

Notes to the Group financial statements
Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity
Notes to the Company financial statements
Five-year financial summary

Shareholder information

2021 KEY FINANCIALS

UK & Ireland system sales'
£1,499.1m
[Graphic appear here]

UK & Ireland like-for-like system sales growth?
10.9%
[Graphic appear here|

Reported revenue
11.0%
[Graphic appear here|

UK mature stores average weekly unit sales
£24.0k
|Graphic appear here|

Statutory profit for the year
£78.3m
|Graphic appear here]

Underlying EBIT?
£119.9m
|Graphic appear here]

Dividends per share

9.80p

{Graphic appear here]

Share buybacks

£80m

{Graphic appear here|

Net debt*
£199.7m
{Graphic appear here|

HIGHLIGHTS

System sales
{Graphic appear here]

UK & Ireland stores
{Graphic appear here]

1.
2.

System sales represent the sum of all sales made by both franchised and corporate stores in the UK & Ireland.

Like-for-like excluding splits system sales performance is calculated against a comparable 52 week period in the prior year for
mature stores which were not in territories split in the year or comparable period. Mature stores are defined as those opened
prior to 29 December 2019.

Underlying performance measures are defined as statutory performance measures excluding amounts relating to discontinued
operations and non-underlying items. Non-underlying items are defined as being items that are significant in size, unusual or
infrequent in nature, and are disclosed separately as non-underlying items in the notes to the accounts. See note 7 on page 160
for more information.

Use of non-GAAP measures: in addition to performance measures directly observable in the Group Financial Statements (IFRS
measures), additional financial measures (described as non-GAAP) are presented that are used internally by management as key
measures to assess performance. Non-GAAP measures are either not defined under IFRS or are adjusted IFRS figures. Further

explanation in relation to these measures can be found on pages 143 and 153, and reconciliations to IFRS figures, where they
have been adjusted, are on pages 154 to 156.

4, A breakdown of Net Debt is presented in note 25 on page 180.

INVESTMENT CASE

WE ARE TRANSFORMING THE GROUP INTO A HIGH GROWTH, HIGH QUALITY, WORLD CLASS FRANCHISOR
We have a strong investment case, building on our core strengths:

{Graphic appear here]

WORLD CLASS BRAND

We strive to be the favourite food delivery and collection brand in the UK and Ireland, driven by investment in our national
brand and social media campaigns, to drive sales, brand awareness and customer engagement. We are the leading pizza
delivery brand in attractive and growing segments of the market in the UK.

See our market context
See page 30

[Graphic appear here]

EXPERIENCED FRANCHISEES

Our network of franchisees have exceptionally strong operational expertise and experience and are passionate about our
brand. We came together with our franchisees to manage the effects of Covid-19 and have demonstrated the strength of the
Domino’s system. We have reached a resolution with our franchisees which heralds a new era of collaboration and will now
work together to accelerate the growth of the system.

See our $172 statement
See page 34

{Graphic appear here]

EXCEPTIONAL SUPPLY CHAIN

Our world class supply chain is the backbone of the business, supplying fresh pizza dough and ingredients to all our UK &
Ireland stores, with our purchasing scale and expertise benefiting franchisees. We are making further investment in our
supply and production facilities to support our system sales growth with a relentless focus on product availability, quality and
value.

See our business model
See page 16

[Graphic appear here}

DYNAMIC AND RESPONSIVE BUSINESS MODEL

We operate a digitally driven and responsive business model, combining our Group-owned corporate stores with our
franchisee stores network. We have accelerated our evolution to a truly digital business; adapting rapidly to meet the surge in
online and app growth, reflecting the rapid change in consumer preference and engagement across the market. Our model is
unique in that we offer delivery to our customers and are also focused on turbo-charging the growth of our collection business.

See our business model
See page 16

{Graphic appear here|

HIGHLY CASH GENERATIVE

We are a highly cash generative business, prioritising re-investment of this cash into the core business to enhance returns and
drive future growth. We have embedded a cash-focused framework throughout the Group, with a rigorous focus on improving
our cash conversion and capital allocation to enhance returns to shareholders. In the first year of our capital allocation
framework we returned £136m to shareholders through dividends and buybacks.

See the financial review
See page 52

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

For Business model
{Graphic appear here]
See page 16

For the introduction to Governance
{Graphic appear here}
See page 76

1 would like to thank our colleagues and franchisees for the outstanding results they have delivered this year.

{Graphic appear here]
Matt Shattock
Chair

OVERVIEW OF THE YEAR

1 am pleased with the Company’s progress in my first full year as Chair. Domino’s is one of the world’s leading consumer brands and
there remains a significant opportunity to build on the strengths of the system to deliver sustainable long-term value for all of our
stakeholders.

The business has operated throughout the year under various Covid-19 lockdown restrictions, demonstrating an ability to adapt to
external market conditions and deliver an impressive operational and financial performance. The strength of our supply chain, the
commercial acumen of our world-class franchisees and sheer dedication of our colleagues has once again shone through in a
challenging year.

We have continued to consider carefully all our stakeholders in our decision making and ensuring that we are doing the right thing has
been a key focus of the Board. As with last year, this has meant doing everything we can to take care of our people, working closely
with our franchisee partners and supporting them, collaborating closely with suppliers, giving back to our communities and acting in
shareholders’ long-term interests.

LEADERSHIP CHANGES

Dominic has continued to strengthen the Executive Leadership team with new high calibre, experienced appointments including Sarah
Barron, Chief Marketing Officer and Nicola Frampton, Operations Director. Our Executive Leadership team has been transformed
under Dominic’s leadership with enhanced skills, relevant experience and has been pivotal in delivering the first year of progress
under the new strategy.

Neil Smith, Chief Financial Officer (‘CFO’), left the Company in November. Neil made a strong contribution to the business, and |
would like to personally thank him for his tenacity and hard work throughout the pandemic. The Board is undertaking a rigorous
search for a new CFO, and we are delighted that David Surdeau, a highly experienced individual, joined us in November as our
interim CFO.

At the Annual General Meeting in May, Colin Halpern will step down from the Board, having founded Domino’s in the UK and
Ireland in 1993. It is thanks to his vision that the Company is as strong as it is today, and he leaves us with the gratitude of all of us in
the business. Kevin Higgins stepped down from the Board in September when his term expired, and | would like to thank him for his
contribution.

Stella David was appointed as a non-executive Director in February and she is an excellent addition to the Board.
STRATEGIC PROGRESS, RESOLUTION WITH OUR FRANCHISEES AND CAPITAL ALLOCATION FRAMEWORK

‘The Board had three clear priorities for this year: firstly, to help support and guide the business and its key stakeholders through the
unprecedented backdrop of Covid-19; secondly to support the Executive Leadership team as they sought to build a productive,
mutually beneficial long-term relationship with our franchisee partners; and thirdly to work with Dominic and the leaders of the
business in formulating the future growth strategy for the Group.

Delivering a better future through food people love is our purpose, with a vision to be the favourite food delivery and collection brand
with pizza at our heart. Our purpose guides everything we do as a Company in the interests of all of our stakeholders. The business
traded well through the unprecedented backdrop of Covid-19; and in March we launched our strategy with five core pillars which
underpin what we do and how we do it. You can read more on how we operated and traded through Covid-19 and the strategic
progress we have delivered in Dominic’s report on page 8.

We finished the year with a resolution with our franchisee partners which heralds a new era of collaboration and allows us all to align
and accelerate the growth of the system. | would like to personally thank our franchisee partners and Dominic and his team for the
effort and professionalism which they displayed as we reached a resolution on an impasse which has held back the growth of the

Domino's system in the UK. Importantly the resolution has enabled the business to increase its medium-term expectations, and we
now expect to achieve at least the upper end of the previously announced targets of £1.6bn - £1.9bn of system sales and exceed the
medium-term target of 200 new stores.

Our new capital allocation framework was introduced in the year, which sceks to amplily sharcholder returns by our effective use of

capital. This is a highly cash generative business, and our first priority for this cash is to reinvest back into the core business to
enhance returns and enable future growth. Total capital investment in the business this year was £14.3m.

The second pillar of our capital allocation framework is a sustainable and progressive dividend with earnings-per-share cover of at
least 2x. As a result, we are recommending a final dividend for the year of 6.8p which, combined with the interim dividend of 3.0p,
gives a 9.8p full year dividend, an increase of 7.7% compared to the prior year. In addition, as part of our framework to return an
annual allocation of surplus cash to our shareholders we returned £80m through share buybacks in the year. As a result of cash
generated in I'¥21. we have announced a new share buyback programme of £46m, which will commence imminently.

We will continue to invest in the growth of the business, and together with returns to sharcholders through both dividends and
buybacks, we believe this will support our growth potential and maximise long-term returns for shareholders.

s of integrating sustainability in how: we run our business, linked directly to our
Purpose and Values. The Remuncration Committee has amended the Directors’ Remuneration Policy so that part of the annual bonus.
relates to achieving targets linked to Sustainability. Last year we published a sustainability report which aligns with the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board’s reporting standards, and we have enhanced our reporting against the requirements of the ‘l'ask Force on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.

Throughout the year, we have continued the prot

You can read more about our approach to sustainability:

Sce page 38

We have also established science-based emission reduction targets which have becn submitted to SBTi for formal validation. We have
made good progress. bul we recognise that we are on a journey. Further details are set out in our sustainability report on pages 38 to
3

THE YEAR AHEAD

Having reached a resolution with our franchisee partners we are now well placed to accelerate the growth of the system. We have
proved throughout the Covid-19 pandemic that when we are aligned and we collaborate, then all partics benefit. The lasi couple of
years have shown we can adapt well to changes in our external environment and we look forward to the year ahead with confidence
and a clear plan to achieve our medium-term targets.

Finally, | would like to offer once aguin a sincere thanks to all our hardworking colleagues, our franchisee partners, our suppliers, our
customers and our sharcholders, for your support throughout the year.

Matt Shattoc)

Chair -

7 March 2027

{Graphic appear here] .
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS FROM THE YEAR

e In March we launched our new strategy and capital allocation framework. In our first year we have made strong strategic
progress and returned £136m to shareholders

° We completed the exit of all our directly operated international businesses, this now allows us to focus on the core UK and
Ireland business

° The year finished with a resolution with our franchisees which heralds a new era of collaboration and aligns the whole system
as we accelerate our growth strategy

STRATEGIC REPORT
WE GOT

[Graphic appear here]

os

[Chief Executive Officer’s review

14 __[Purpose, vision and values

16 [Business model

18 __|Strategic priorities

0 [Strategy in action

BO [Market context

B2__ [Key performance indicators
B4___|Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006
B6 _|Engaging with our stakeholders and workforce
B8___ [Sustainability

52__ [Financial review

58__ [Risk management

59 [Principal risks & uncertainties

(69 [Viability statement

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REV!

[Graphic appear here]

For Business model
See page 16

For the Financial review
See page 52

[Graphic appear here]

This was a transformational year for Domino’s. Our performance continues to be strong, and we have made significant
progress against our strategic plan.

Dominic Paul
Chief Executive Officer

PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

1 am pleased to report another year of accelerating system sales growth, increased profit, cash generation and shareholder returns
especially given the challenging market conditions our colleagues and franchisees faced. The business has moved forward
significantly, under a transformed leadership team, executing on a new strategy and reaching a resolution with our franchisees,
fundamentally re-setting the relationship and aligning the system for future growth.

‘Trading in the year was strong with underlying profit before tax of £113.9m, up 12.5% from the prior year. This increase was driven
by our teams and our franchisees as we continue to deliver great quality of service to our customers in a safe manner. In the year we
also received a net benefit from lower Covid-19 related costs and VAT of £3.8m (FY 20: net cost of £5.4m). Statutory profit after tax
in the year was £78.3m, up £38.6m on last year, with growth in our core business and a significant reduction in costs and charges from
our discontinued international operations following the completion of the disposal of operations in Norway, Iceland, Sweden and
Switzerland.

Free cash flow generated by the business was £104.6m, an increase from £99.0m last year reflecting the strong trading performance.
Net debt increased by £27.9m from £171.8m at the start of the year to £199.7m, after distributing £136.0m to shareholders in the year.
Net debt/Underlying EBITDA leverage increased from 1.46 at FY20 to 1.54 (excluding IFRS 16).

‘The continued strong cash performance of the business means that in line with our capital allocation framework we are declaring a
final lend of 6.8p, which when combined with the 3.0p interim dividend paid earlier in the year, results in a 7.7% increase
compared to the prior year. We have also announced a new £46m share buyback, following on from the total £80m programme
announced and completed in FY21.

RESOLUTION WITH FRANCHISEES

In December 2021, we announced a resolution with our franchisees to unlock the significant latent potential of the Domino’s system
and accelerate both near-term and long-term growth. The resolution unlocks an issue which had held us back and means we have
begun a new era of collaboration in which the system can realise its full potential.

Under the resolution, and consistent with our growth plan, we will make strategic investments in the system to improve capabilities
and drive system sales growth primarily through order count. Specifically, we have committed to:

e one-time capital investment of approximately £20m, spread over three years, in digital acceleration, personalisation, ecommerce
app development and in-store innovation to enhance the customer experience and drive top-line growth;

. increased marketing investment to support new national campaigns and promotions;

e an enhanced food rebate mechanism for franchisees to encourage order growth, which is conditional on franchisees meeting,
new store opening targets and order count thresholds; and

e. an improved new store incentive scheme to reward, encourage and accelerate new store openings.

In return for our investments, franchisees agreed to the following important commitments, which also aim to drive system sales
growth through increased order count:

. a commitment to an enhanced schedule of new store openings, equating to at least 45 new stores to be opened per annum over
the next three years, significantly ahead of levels achieved in previous years;

. a commitment to participate in new national promotional deals focused on both delivery and collection, in contrast to a lack of
national advertising and promotions in recent years;

. an agreement to prioritise, test, and roll-out new technology and product innovation (such as GPS tracking) and to test new store
formats, which would bring the Domino’s Pizza Group (‘DPG”) system in line with peer companies; and

© support for changes by DPG aimed at driving efficiency across the system.

The resolution will run for an initial period of three years from 3 January 2022, and we were immediately able to launch our first
national price promotional deal for several years on 6 January 2022 with a strong value message. The system is now aligned and
working on accelerating our growth and so far, five stores have opened in FY22 compared to one store opening in the same period last
year. We remain on track to open at least 45 new stores this year and have a strong pipeline building for next year.

FIRST YEAR OF OUR GROWTH STRATEGY

We launched our new growth strategy in March 2021 with a vision to be the favourite food delivery and collection brand, with pizza at
its heart. Domino’s is a brand which is loved by customers and pizza is the perfect delivery and collection food. Our market share in
the growing and competitive UK takeaway market increased from 6.5% in Q4 FY20 to 6.8% in Q4 FY21. Our share of the UK
collection market is small, and we believe that we have a significant opportunity to drive incremental sales through this channel.

Domino’s made significant strategic progress in the year and following the resolution with our franchisees we were able to update our
medium-term targets. We now expect to achieve at least the upper end of the previously announced targets of £1.6bn - £1.9bn of
system sales and exceed the medium-term target of 200 new stores. Our strategy to achieve this is centred on five growth pillars.

1. Delivery: Nobody delivers like Domino’s

Delivery is at the heart of our business and is what we are best known for — we have built a considerable following, with a brand that
people love, enabling us to hold a leading position in the UK delivery market. Delivery sales performed well in the year whilst
maintaining average delivery times of around 25 minutes.

Our scale and depth of vertical integration is a competitive advantage and in 2021 we were able to make excellent strategic progress.

We launched our new app, which features ‘Group Ordering’ functionality and ‘Deal Wizard’, and it has received excellent customer
feedback. App sales are now 42% of system sales, a 2.2ppt improvement on 2020. This is important because app customers have a
greater lifetime value and continue to provide a rich source of data for the business.

Our focus for 2022 will be on starting work on our next generation web platform which will provide a personalised experience for our
customers. We will also focus on new technology such as an upgraded GPS tracking solution to improve the delivery experience and
harnessing the use of data. Finally, we have plans for a step-change in the personalisation and automation of our CRM activity
following the implementation of an omni-channel customer engagement programme ‘Braze’ in 2021.

Our aspiration is to raise the bar for the rest of the market, accelerating our like-for-like delivery orders, and reducing the average
delivery time for our customers from the current figure of around 25 minutes.

{Graphic appear here}
LIVING OUR VALUES

We now have the right strategy and a strong senior team in place to continue to drive the business forward. We remain
focused on accelerating the sustainable growth of our system together, to deliver a better future through food people love.

2. Collection: Turbocharge our collection business

Collection represents the most efficient labour channel, with delivery effectively outsourced to the customer. This is particularly
important in an environment where there are pressures on labour availability and wage inflation. Covid-19 and the associated
restrictions dampened the collection market significantly at the start of the year but, as restrictions eased, collection volumes recovered
well. At the half year volumes had recovered to 78% of 2019 levels and by the end of the year they were 87%.

Another lever to drive incremental sales is ‘In Car Collection’ a service we launched this year and had been rolled out to 422 stores by
the end of the year. We are aiming to roll it out to c.500 stores by the end of 2022. Customer feedback has been excellent, and we will
continue to promote awareness of this new channel.

Our focus in 2022 will be on raising awareness of the collection channel, primarily through promotion in national campaigns. We
continue to see a significant opportunity to drive an increase in collections to accelerate our growth.

Our aspiration is to grow our collection business faster than delivery and double our market share in the UK collection market over the
medium term.

3. Product & value: Amplify our product quality and value

Our customers love our product, and we see a great opportunity to re-ignite product innovation further to stay ahead of our
competitors. Our ‘Value for money’ scores improved in the year, giving clear evidence of better value for money being provided by

franchisees to customers. We brought back old favourites like Double Decadence, relisted items like Gluten Free that had to be
removed when we simplified the menu in lockdown and introduced a new festive pizza which received excellent customer feedback.

Under new marketing leadership, we launched a new media campaign at the end of May to demonstrate that ‘Nobody delivers like
Domino’s’ through a strong creative platform, targeted media and increased investment. The ‘Domin-Oh-Hoo-Hoo’ campaign was
timed with the easing of lockdown restrictions in the UK and was centred on reunions between friends and family, cementing the
Domino’s brand as the perfect partner for these occasions. Importantly, this campaign was planned with our franchisees who gave
great input throughout the process and is further evidence that when the system is aligned, we all benefit. We were able to build on
this momentum with the launch of our first ever festive TV advert.

Our focus in 2022 will be on amplifying our value message through national campaigns and continuing our menu innovation. We
believe that this will be particularly important in a year when consumers will be experiencing cost of living increases. We aim to
attract new customers through differentiated food innovation and to increase order frequency through innovation of our core menu.
Our aspiration is to become the undisputed #1 delivery player in terms of Net Promotor Score, and make sure that our customers feel
they are getting a good deal.

4. Performance: Uphold our industry-leading economics for both the Group and our franchisees

Our vertically integrated supply chain is a key differentiator compared to the wider market and brings us significant competitive
advantages. We can leverage our scale to realise operational and procurement-led efficiencies to help mitigate inflationary pressures in
the market. We continue to collaborate closely with key suppliers to ensure we have stock cover at optimal times and to minimise cost
inflation where possible. We have expanded our number of suppliers to ensure we secure best value for money for our system, along
with providing resilience across our supplier base.

Our world-class supply chain delivered another year of exceptional operational performance in a year of continued lockdown
restrictions and well documented labour availability constraints. Across the year we maintained 99.9% availability and 99.8%
accuracy which is testament to the skill and hard work of our colleagues in the supply chain. In line with our capital allocation
framework, we will continue to invest in our supply chain to enhance capacity, drive efficiency and maintain availability for our
customers. We were pleased to open our third UK supply chain centre in Cambuslang in Scotland, in the first half of the year, with the
capacity to support 150 stores, and introduced efficiencies such as routing and driver performance software to maintain and improve
our performance.

Our focus in 2022 will be on driving operational efficiencies to benefit our franchisees’ profitability, rolling out cages & dollies across
the system and continuing to innovate for the benefit of all stakeholders.

5. Franchisor: Model excellence as a franchisor

We strive to provide our franchisees with the tools they need to be as successful as possible. We have continued to invest in the
business to drive organic growth by building capability across our data and insights team, transformation team and store operations,
whilst at the same time upgrading our supply chain and IT infrastructure. We continue to see a range of opportunities t