DOMINO'S PIZZA GROUP PLC
ANNUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2023

ACCELERATING

GROWTH

*RD20SY6A*

RM 08/05/2024 #89
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

WE ARE DOMINO’

We are part of the global Domino's system, the biggest
pizza delivery operator in the world. We hold the
exclusive master franchise rights in the UK & Ireland
under long-term agreements with Domino's Pizza
International Franchising Inc., the international arm

of Domino's .Pizza Inc. which is listed on the New York
Stock Exchange and which owns the Domino's brand
across the globe. Our core business is in the UK &
Ireland, where we have a clear number one market share.

WHAT WE DO :

We are passionate about delivering hot, great-tasting,
freshly handcrafted pizzas to customers. Since opening
the first Domino's store in the UK in 1985, we now
have 1,319 stores across the UK & Ireland. Last year,
we sold over 112 million freshly handcrafted pizzas.

WHY WE DOIT

We have a clear purpose to deliver a better future
through food people love. The values we all share

at Domino's drive our passion to deliver excellence
every day across the business, so we continue to be
a favourite brand of a growing number of customers.

P28

PROGRESS WITH

p2

GAGING WITH
OUR STAKEHOLDERS

OUR SUSTAINABILITY
STRATEGY

IN THIS REPORT

Strategic report Governance

Financial and non-financial highlights 1 Board of Directors

Purpose, vision and values 2 Chair's introduction to Corporate
Our investment proposition 4 Governance

Chair's review 6 Corporate Governance

CEO statement 8 Nomination & Governance
Market review 16 Committee report

Our business model 18 Sustainability Committee report
Our strategy 20 Audit Committee report

Key performance indicators 22 Directors’ remuneration report
Engaging with our stakeholders Directors’ report

and workforce 24 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
Section 172 26

Sustainability 28

Gender diversity 38

Non-financial and sustainability

information statement 39

Financial review 40

Risk management 46

Viability statement 52

Domino's Pizza Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2023

54

56
58

66
69
71
78
109
113

Financial statements

Independent Auditor's report 114
Group income statement 121
Group statement of

comprehensive income 122
Group balance sheet 123
Group statement of changes inequity 125
Group cash flow statement 126

Notes to the Group financial statements 128
Company balance sheet 177
Company statement of changes in equity 178
Notes to the Company

financial statements 179
Five-year financial summary 186
Shareholder information 187

STRATEGIC REPORT | GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

‘System sales*:? Like-for-like system sales growth Reported revenue”?
(Em) ‘ex VAT and ex splits (%)°* (£m)

£1,540.5M +5.1% £667.0M

Underlying EBITDA” Statutory profit for the year* Underlying earnings per share®*
(Em) (£m) ()

£138.1M £115.0M 18.0P

Dividends per share Share buybacks announced Free cash flow*
6) (Em) (em)

10.5P £90M £97.0M

NON-FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

App sales as a percentage App orders as a percentage New store openings

of system sales (%) of online orders (%) 61

1. System sales represent the sum of all sales made by both franchised and corporate stores to consumers in UK & Ireland, These are excluding VAT and are unaudited.

2. Shown on a 52-week basis for purposes of comparability.

3. 53-week reported revenue £679.8m.

4, 2023 wasa 53 week year, statutory numbers are shown on a 53-week basis. Underlying EBITDA shown on a 53-week basis to align with Company guidance of FY23 Underlying EBITDA.

‘of £132m-€138m. All 2022 and 2021 numbers are shown on a 52-week basis.
Q1 22 hada lower rate of VAT which is therefore included in the FY comparator. An adjustment for the change in VAT rates described for system sales relates to the impact of changes in
the VAT applied on hot takeaway food where the VAT inclusive price to customers did not change. The VAT rate in the UK decreased from 20% to 5% on 15 July 2020, increased to 12.5%
on 1 October 2021 and reverted back to 20% on 1 April 2022. System sales are consistently reported on an exclusive of VAT basis. However, where the inclusive of VAT price of an order
remained the same on a total basis to the customer, over the period of reduced VAT the exclusive of VAT price reported in system sales increased. This leads to an increase in system sales
from 15 July 2020 through to 30 September 2021 when the VAT rate was reduced from 20% to 5%. From 1 October 2021, the rate increased from 5% to 12.5%. Where the inclusive of VAT
price of an order remained the same on a total basis, this leads to a decrease in system sales compared to the period from 15 July 2020 and an increase in system sales compared to the
‘period before 15 July 2020. With the increase in VAT from 1 April 2022 back up to 20%, where the inclusive of VAT price remained the same to the consumer, there has been a negative
impact on system sales compared to the periods from 15 July 2020 to 30 September 2021 and 1 October 21 to 31 March 2022, as the exclusive of VAT price of an order decreased.
‘As an example, for an order where the inclusive of VAT price is £27:
= From 15 July 2020 to 31 September 2021, during the period where VAT was 5%, the reported system sale would be £25.71
= From 1 October 2021 to 31 March 2022, during the period where VAT was 12.5%, the reported system sale would be £24.00
= From 1 April 2022 onwards, where the VAT rate is 20%, the reported system sale would be £22.50
In ireland, the VAT rate for hot takeaway food reduced from 13.5% to 9% on 1 November 2020 and reverted to 13.5% on 1 September 2023.
6. Like-for-like (excluding splits) system sales performance is calculated for UK & Ireland against a comparable 52-week period in the prior period for mature stores which were not in
territories split in the current period or comparable period. Mature stores are defined as those opened prior to 26th December 2021
7. Underlying is defined as statutory performance excluding discontinued operations, and items classified as non-underlying which includes significant non-recurring items or items
directly related to merger and acquisition activity and related instruments as set out in note 6 to the financial information.

Domino's Pizza Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2023 1

PURPOSE, VISION AND VALUES

0 To be the favourite
UR food delivery and
collection brand with
VISION pizza at our heart
Delivering a better
OUR future through food

PURPOSE people love

Our ambition is to bring people together around food
they love and, by doing so, have a positive impact on
everyone who interacts with us: our customers,
colleagues, franchisees, investors, and the communities
we serve.

Our purpose is underpinned by a sustainability strategy
which ensures a better future; one where, among other
things, our environmental impact is minimised, our
workplaces are inclusive, and our products are
responsibly sourced.

Domino's is one of the best-loved brands in the world
with a reputation for taste, quality, speed and service.
While we are focused on delivering long-term sustainable
growth, our corporate purpose ensures that we achieve
this responsibly and in a way that truly delivers a better
future for all our key stakeholders.

Ne

GUIDED BY
OUR VALUES

Our values guide what we do, the decisions
we make and the way we respond to
opportunities and challenges. When we
bring them to life, every day, we grow our
winning culture and deliver our purpose.

We do the right thing

We care about our impact on our brand,
our colleagues, our communities and the
wider world. So we're proud to do the right
thing and keep our promises.

We are one team

We respect and celebrate the whole team
for who we are and the value we each bring.
We grab the amazing opportunities to grow,
succeed and live our best work-life.

We love customers

Every decision and action we take has
customers at the heart. We listen to customers
and create great experiences to delight them
and keep them coming back for more.

We are bold

It takes courage and determination to lead
the field. Dominoids are bold, entrepreneurial,
we aren't afraid to innovate and learn fast to
become better every day.

We grow and win together

No one can beat us when we're working
hard and playing hard together. We share
big ambitions, have a growth mindset and
enjoy success as one Domino's.

Domino's Pizza Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2023

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

IMPLEMENTING
OUR PURPOSE

Our corporate purpose is the guiding star for our business
Our colleagues understand the importance of our corporate purpose, and how
they can contribute towards it. In 2023, colleagues from different departments
across the business were part of sustainability working groups dedicated to
each of our focus areas. These cross-functional groups are key to delivering
sustainability initiatives such as the creation and deployment of a new training

webinar on People for our franchise partners.

UK & IRELAND STORES

SCOTLAND

103

stores

NORTHERN
IRELAND

37

stores

REPUBLIC
OF IRELAND

61 WALES

stores 67

stores

1319

stores

ENGLAND

1,051

stores

At Domino's we are committed to delivering
a better future through food people love.
That means that we are focused on growing
our business but doing so responsibly.

Our sustainability strategy underpins our
ambition to deliver a better future and is
based around five key areas:

OUR CUSTOMERS

Customers are at the heart of our business.
We are committed to helping customers make
informed choices about our products, and to
offering an increasing range of products to
suit all dietary requirements and preferences.

OUR PEOPLE

People make pizzas. Ensuring all ‘Dominoids’
are able to challenge themselves, and build

a career ina safe, diverse and inclusive
environment is a key ingredient to continuing
to grow our business.

OUR ENVIRONMENT

Reducing society's impact on the environment
is the key challenge of our time. We understand
we have a part to play, and from our use of
natural resources to targeting Net Zero for
carbon, we are doing our bit to reduce our
impact on the environment.

OUR COMMUNITIES

We aim to have a positive impact on every
community we are proud to serve. Our stores
support local causes and charities, whilst
ensuring they are a good neighbour by
operating considerately.

OUR SOURCING

A reliable, responsible supply chain is key to our
business. We work with our suppliers to ensure
that our high compliance standards for topics
such as animal welfare and the treatment of
workers are strictly adhered to.

~

Domino's Pizza Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2023

OUR INVESTMENT PROPOSITION

REASONS
TO INVEST

We are transforming the Group into

a high-growth, high-quality, world-class
franchisor - we have a strong investment
case, building on our core strengths:

WORLD
CLASS
BRAND

We strive to be the
favourite food delivery
and collection brand

in the UK & Ireland.

- Driven by investment in our national
value and social media campaigns,
to drive sales, brand awareness and
customer engagement.

~ Significant customer base with c.13.5m
active customers in the UK & Ireland.

- We are the leading pizza takeaway
brand in the UK.

#1

MARKET SHARE
OF THE UK PIZZA
TAKEAWAY MARKET

SEE OUR MARKET CONTEXT ON PAGE 16

(DYNAMIC,
DIGITAL
BUSINESS

We operate a digitally
driven and responsive
business model.

~ We have accelerated our evolution
toa truly digital business, with our
app driving growth, reflecting the
rapid change in consumer preference
and engagement across the market.

~ Our model is unique in that we offer
delivery to our customers and are
also focused on continuing to grow
our collection business.

90%

OF SYSTEM SALES
ARE DIGITAL

SEE OUR CEO STATEMENT ON PAGE 8

( EXPERIENCED
FRANCHISE
PARTNERS

Our network of franchise
partners have exceptionally
strong operational expertise
and experience, and are.
passionate about our brand.

- The system is aligned and together,
we are focused on accelerating the
growth of the system.

~ Our world-class franchise partners
have driven an acceleration in
new stores openings, rolled out on
Just Eat and adopted GPS to boost
customer service.

61
NEW STORES IN 2023

‘SEE OUR S172 STATEMENT ON PAGE 26
NX

Domino's Pizza Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2023 4

STRATEGIC REPORT

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

EXCEPTIONAL
SUPPLY
CHAIN

Our world-class supply
chain is the backbone
of the business.

- From four supply chain centres,
supplying fresh pizza dough and
ingredients to all our stores, with
our purchasing scale and expertise
benefiting franchisees.

~ We are making further investment
in our supply and production facilities
to support our system sales growth,
with a relentless focus on product
availability, quality and value.

100%

FOOD AVAILABILITY IN 2023

‘SEE OUR CFO REVIEW ON PAGE 40

ASSET LIGHT
AND HIGHLY CASH
GENERATIVE

We are a highly cash
generative business.

- We prioritise re-investment of
this cash into the core business
to enhance returns and drive
future growth.

- We have embedded a cash-focused
framework throughout the Group,
with a rigorous focus on improving
‘our cash conversion and capital
allocation to return surplus cash
to shareholders.

£427M

ANNOUNCED RETURNS
TO SHAREHOLDERS
SINCE MARCH 2021

‘SEE OUR CFO REVIEW ON PAGE 40

Domino's Pizza Group plc Annual Report & Accounts 2023 5

CHAIR'S REVIEW

MATT

SHATTOC
CHAIR

Overview of the year

Domino's made strong strategic progress
in 2023 and delivered a robust financial
performance, despite a challenging macro-
economic environment. Once again, the
manner in which the Domino's team and
our world-class franchisees tackled the
challenges presented by global inflation
and an uncertain consumer environment
continues to be a great example of what
can be achieved when the Domino's system
works together.

In 2023, we saw the benefits of Domino's
flexible, asset-light business model and our
value proposition. We are able to adapt

ly to external market conditions,
delivering strategic progress with profitable
growth and strong cash generation.

Domino's is one of the world's leading
consumer brands, and there remains a
significant opportunity to build on the
strengths of the system to deliver sustainable
long-term value for all of our stakeholders.

As a Board, we continue to do everything
we can to act in the interests of all of our
stakeholders - taking care of our people,
supporting our franchisee partners to

grow their businesses, collaborating closely
with our suppliers, giving back to our
communities and acting in our shareholders’
long-term interests.

Leadership changes

During the year we appointed Andrew Rennie
as Chief Executive Officer. Andrew has an
extensive career in the Domino's global
system, a deep knowledge of the brand,

vast experience of working with franchisees,
and was himself a very successful multi-unit
franchisee for a decade.

Domino's Pizza Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2023 ‘6

“L WOULD LIKE TO
THANK ALL OUR
COLLEAGUES AND
FRANCHISE PARTNERS
FOR THEIR HARD
WORK IN DELIVERING
STRONG RESULTS
IN 2023.”

He understands the power and potential of
the Domino's brand as well as anyone in the
business globally. He is an energetic and
entrepreneurial leader with an incredible
track record of delivering growth in Domino's
businesses around the world. In December
2023, Andrew set out his initial thoughts

on the long-term growth opportunity for
Domino's, with a focus on the core UK &
Ireland markets and accelerating growth
through additional opportunities.

I would like to thank Elias Diaz Sese for
his extraordinary commitment in his time

as Interim Chief Executive Officer and the
positive impact he made on the entire
system in that time. His drive and passion
for the business and its people ensured that
Domino's accelerated the implementation of
our strategy and created a stronger platform
upon which to drive our growth. | am very
grateful he remains on the Board ina
non-executive capacity.

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Strategic progress and capital
allocation discipline

Delivering a better future through food
people love is our purpose, with a vision to
be the favourite food delivery and collection
brand with pizza at our heart. This has been
highlighted by the manner in which our
colleagues and franchisees have worked
collaboratively to provide excellent service and
compelling value to our customers. Our purpose
guides everything we do as a Company in

the interests of all of our stakeholders.

The business performed well through
the year, as the team were focused on

our key strategic priorities. We delivered
improvements in our customer service,
continued to attract more customers to our
app and meaningfully accelerated our store
openings. You can read more on how we
operated and traded through the year and
the strategic progress we have delivered

in Andrew's report on page 8.

Our capital allocation framework seeks to
amplify shareholder returns by our effective
and disciplined use of capital. This is a

highly cash generative business, and our
first priority is to re-invest back into the
core business to enhance returns and enable
future growth. Total capital investment

in the business this year was £20.8m.

The second pillar of our capital allocation
framework is a sustainable and progressive
dividend with earnings-per-share cover. As a
result, we are recommending a final dividend
for the year of 7.2p which, combined with
the interim dividend of 3.3p, gives a 10.5p
full-year dividend, an increase of 5.0%
compared to the prior year. In addition, as
part of our framework to return surplus cash
to our shareholders, we announced share
buyback programmes of £90m in the year,
which included a £70m buyback programme
as a result of the disposal of our

German investment.

We will continue to invest in the growth of
the business, and as outlined in the Andrew's
report, the Board-sees an opportunity to
grow the business both through continuing to
invest in the core business, but also through
additional growth opportunities. We believe
this will support our growth potential and
maximise long-term returns for shareholders.

Sustainability

In 2023, we were pleased to publish our
new ‘Connect the Dots’ sustainability
strategy, which focuses on five pillars:
customers, people, environment, sourcing
and communities. We have been making
good progress in these areas, including the
‘opening of our first lower carbon store in
Hammersmith, the installation of solar panels
at three of our supply chain centres and

the ongoing trial of our 650-calorie pizzas.
We also began developing our first carbon
reduction roadmap and a new strategy for
offering a wider choice of menu options.
We are providing a detailed update on our
progress and targets in our inaugural 2023
sustainability report, and further information
about sustainability is set out in this Annual
Report on pages 28 to 37.

The year ahead

Our asset-light and cash generative business
model means we are well placed to accelerate
‘our growth and in Andrew's report we lay out
our new targets of 1,600 UK & Ireland stores
delivering £2.0 billion of system sales by
2028 and 2,000 stores delivering £2.5 billion
of system sales by 2033. We look forward to
the year ahead and beyond with confidence

Finally, | would like to offer once again
express my immense gratitude to all our
colleagues, our franchisees, our suppliers,
‘our customers and our shareholders,

for your support throughout the year.

MATLSHATTOCK

CHAIR
TIMARCH 2024

Domino's Pizza Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2023 7

THANK YOU
TO OUR
DIRECTORS
WHO LEFT
IN THE YEAR

Stella David stepped down as a director
on 31 December 2023 as a result of her
appointment as Interim Chief Executive
Officer of Entain plc, which meant that
she no longer has sufficient time to fulfil
her commitments to Domino's. On behalf
of the Board, | would like to thank Stella
for her contribution to Domino's. She was
an outstanding Board director and we
were sorry to see her leave the Board.

Usman Nabi stepped down as a director
on 14 August 2023. Usman joined the
Board of DPG in November 2019 and
played in important role in supporting
the transformation of the business. In
particular, Usman played an instrumental
role in the search for a new CEO,
culminating in the recent appointment

of Andrew Rennie. Usman is Founder
and Managing Partner of Browning
West, which continues to be a significant
shareholder in DPG. On behalf of the
Board, I'd like to thank Usman for his
contribution, which has been vital during
a period of great change in the business.
We look forward to continuing to engage
with Usman as a major shareholder in
the business.

A

t

CEO STATEMENT

ANDREW
RENNIE

CHIEF
EXECUTIVE
OFFICER

FY23 performance summary

We delivered a strong full-year performance
ina continued uncertain consumer
environment. Successful execution of our
strategy and alignment with our world-class
franchise partners resulted in increased order
count and robust sales growth. In FY23 we
were resolutely focused on our five focus
areas, and this resulted in our market share of
the UK takeaway market increasing from 7.1%
in FY22 to 7.2% in FY23 in a growing market.

Like-for-like system sales, excluding splits
and the impact of VAT, were up 5.7% (ona
52-week basis), an increase from +5.3% in
FY22. This is due to working collaboratively
with our franchise partners and giving our
customers great service and value.

Underlying EBITDA was up 3.6% compared
to FY22 (53-week basis: +6.1%), driven
by an increase in system sales volume,
material acceleration of store openings
and the pass-through of food costs to

our franchise partners.

Statutory profit after tax was up 40.9% on
FY22 asa result of profit from the disposal of
the German associate, generating a profit of
£40.6m recorded in non-underlying results.

Free cash flow generated by the business
was £97.0m, an increase from £79.0m in
FY22 driven by increased EBITDA and
working capital management.

Net debt decreased by £20.5m from the start
of FY23 to £232.8m with Net debt/EBITDA
leverage decreasing to 1.77x (excluding

IFRS 16) within our target Net debt/EBITDA
leverage range of 1.5x-2.5x. The receipt

of £79.9m from the disposal of our German
associate in June 2023 and good cash
generation was offset by £93.3m of

share buybacks.

The continued strong performance of the
business means that, in line with our capital
allocation framework, we have proposed

a final dividend of 7.2p per share, giving a
full year dividend of 10.5p per share, a 5.0%
increase compared to the prior year.

Domino's Pizza Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2023 8

“TD LIKE TO THANK ALL
OUR COLLEAGUES AND
FRANCHISE PARTNERS
FOR WORKING
FANTASTICALLY
WELL TO DELIVER
ANOTHER STRONG
YEAR OF PROGRESS.”

Accelerating growth

Our priority is to leverage the existing
platform to accelerate growth in the core
UK & Ireland business and drive earnings.
Following a thorough and detailed review,
we see a significant opportunity to accelerate
new store openings. Using updated analysis,
we have identified opportunities across new
territories as well as fortressing existing
geographies. More importantly, we have a
franchisee base who are hungry for growth
and have exceptional second-generation
talent who want to grow their businesses.

In March 2021, we put in place a target to
‘open 200 new stores in the medium term.
Since that target was put in place, we have
opened 133 stores and, with in excess of 70
stores expected to be opened in 2024, we are
now in a position to upgrade our store target.

We have strong alignment with our
franchisees, and we now expect to have

in excess of 1,600 stores in the UK & Ireland
by the end of 2028 with the potential for
this to be in excess of 2,000 stores in 2033.

‘STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As a result of our store growth and continued
focus on our core capabilities of giving our
customers compelling value, great service, and
an enhanced digital experience, we are now
able to upgrade our £1.6bn-£1.9bn system
sales target put in place in March 2021.

We now expect to deliver £2.0bn system
sales in the UK & Ireland by the end of 2028,
and we see potential for this to be in excess
of £2.5bn system sales in the UK & Ireland
in 2033.

Since March 2021, we have built a disciplined
track record, announcing £427m of
shareholder returns, whilst also continuing to
invest in the business. DPG is a highly cash
generative, asset light business. We are
rigorously focused on accelerating organic
growth and pursuing value enhancing
inorganic growth opportunities to build a
larger and more cash generative business.

We are confident that this strategy will deliver
meaningful free cash flow growth over the
medium-to-long term and remain committed
to returning surplus cash to shareholders.

Alongside investment in the core business,
which remains our top priority, we will
continue to focus on reallocation of capital
within the corporate estate and joint ventures
to improve returns and will assess additional
growth opportunities, where we have a
growing pipeline. We are committed to an
asset-light business model and our strategy
will centre on acquiring, strengthening and
then ultimately redistributing stores in

the estate.

Core UK & Ireland business

In FY24, we plan to further sharpen our
execution across all areas of the business to
give our customers better service and better
value. We will continue with the same core
priorities which drove our performance in
FY23. We have narrowed our focus to four
areas as the technology platform projects
which we were focused on in FY23 are now
largely complete.

1. Franchisee profitability

and supply chain

Our franchisees have navigated the
challenging conditions faced by everyone in
the industry in the last few years supremely
well and are now primed for the next stage
of growth. The operations of our franchisees
are strong, but we can always be better.
Together, we worked to materially improve
our customer service in FY23, but we

are both focused on driving continued
improvement. In FY24, we intend to leverage
investments we have made in areas such as
GPS technology to improve performance
and give our customers better service.

Our supply chain is the backbone of our
business, and it is the foundation for us to
unlock growth. In the last few years, our
supply chain has maintained an outstanding
level of accuracy and availability which has
enabled our franchisees to consistently give
‘our customers what they want and when
they want it. We are resolutely focused on
maintaining these exceptional levels of service.

Within our supply chain we are always looking
for ways of operating in a more efficient
manner and have made great strides over
the last few years. In areas such as transport
efficiency, removing packaging from the
system and the roll out of cages and dollies,
we have delivered efficiencies. Our new
ERP system will enable us to deliver process
efficiencies across the system. Our team will
continue to search for efficiencies as well as
looking at introducing more automation into
certain parts of the supply chain.

2. Value for Money

Customers will always be our number one
priority. Maintaining compelling value is
essential, and we will continue to do this

for our customers. As part of our continued
drive to give our customers more choice,

our research has shown that many of our
customers would like to see a lighter, cheaper
Domino's offer for lunch. Our stores are
‘open, but our share of lunch is small, so this
is a growth opportunity for us. Asa result,
we have developed a new lunch menu,
including wraps, which meets consumer
needs for a taste of Domino's, which is easier

Domino's Pizza Group ple Annual Report & Accounts 2023 9

to eat on the go and at lower price points
than their weekend fav