BETA Close X Domino's Pizza Group plc has announced that as of April 30, 2026, its total issued ordinary share capital stands at 384,868,623 shares, with each share carrying one vote. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to determine their notification obligations regarding interests in the company under FCA rules. Disclaimer* Domino's Pizza Group PLC 01 May 2026 LEI: 213800Q6ZKHAOV48JL75 DOMINO'S PIZZA GROUP PLC VOTING RIGHTS AND CAPITAL In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1R., Domino's Pizza Group plc (the "Company") hereby notifies that as at 30 April 2026 the Company had 384,868,623 issued ordinary shares of 25/48ths of a penny (approximately 0.520833p) admitted to trading. Each ordinary share carries the right to one vote in relation to all circumstances at general meetings of the Company. The above figure of 384,868,623 may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: Adrian Bushnell, Company Secretary + 44 (0) 1908 580000 About Domino's Pizza Group Domino's Pizza Group plc is the UK's leading pizza brand and a major player in the Irish market. We hold the master franchise agreement to own, operate and franchise Domino's stores in the UK and the Republic of Ireland. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Domino's Pizza Group (DOM) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Premier Miton Group 2 hours ago Braemar 2 hours ago Hill and Smith 2 hours ago Supermarket Income Reit 3 hours ago Polar Capital Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and