UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 26, 2026 Autodesk, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 000-14338 94-2819853 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) One Market Street, Ste. 400 San Francisco, California 94105 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 415 ) 507-5000 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): [ ☐ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ☐ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ☐ ] communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ☐ ] communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ADSK The Nasdaq Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company [ ☐ ] If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On February 26, 2026, Autodesk, Inc. (“Autodesk” or the “Company”) issued a press release reporting financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2026. The press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Key Performance Metrics In order to help better understand Autodesk’s financial performance, Autodesk uses several key performance metrics including billings, recurring revenue, net revenue retention rate (“NR3”), and subscriptions. These metrics are key performance metrics and should be viewed independently of revenue and deferred revenue as these metrics are not intended to be combined with those items. Autodesk uses these metrics to monitor the strength of its recurring business. Autodesk believes these metrics are useful to investors because they can help in monitoring the health of Autodesk’s business. Autodesk’s determination and presentation of these metrics may differ from that of other companies. The presentation of these metrics is meant to be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from, Autodesk financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Financial Measures To supplement Autodesk’s condensed consolidated financial statements presented on a GAAP basis, the press release furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 provides investors with certain measures, including but not limited to historical and future operating margin, income from operations, free cash flow, and diluted net income per share. For Autodesk’s internal budgeting and resource allocation process and as a means to evaluate comparisons, Autodesk uses measures to supplement its condensed consolidated financial statements presented on a GAAP basis. These measures do not include certain items that may have a material impact upon Autodesk’s reported financial results. Autodesk uses measures in making operating decisions because Autodesk believes those measures provide meaningful supplemental information for management regarding the Company's earning potential and performance by excluding certain expenses and charges that may not be indicative of the Company’s core business operating results. For the reasons set forth below, Autodesk believes that these financial measures are useful to investors both because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational and (2) they are used by Autodesk’s institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the health of the Company's business. This allows investors and others to better understand and evaluate Autodesk’s operating results and future prospects in the same manner as management, compare financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies, and to better understand the performance of its core business. Autodesk also uses some of these measures for purposes of determining incentive compensation. As described above, Autodesk may exclude the following items, as applicable, from its measures: compensation expenses. Autodesk excludes compensation expenses from its measures primarily because they are expenses and management finds it useful to exclude certain charges to assess the appropriate level of various operating expenses to assist in budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods. Moreover, because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types that companies can use under FASB ASC Topic 718, Autodesk believes that excluding compensation expenses allows investors to make meaningful comparisons between its recurring core business operating results and those of other companies. Amortization of developed technologies and purchased intangibles. Autodesk incurs amortization of acquisition-related developed technology and purchased intangibles in connection with acquisitions of certain businesses and technologies. Amortization of developed technologies and purchased intangibles is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of Autodesk's acquisitions. Management finds it useful to exclude these variable charges to assist in budgeting, planning and forecasting future periods. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to our revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to Autodesk's future period revenues as well. Amortization of developed technologies and purchased intangible assets will recur in future periods. Restructuring, other exit costs, and facility reductions. These expenses are associated with realigning Autodesk's business strategies based on current economic conditions. In connection with these restructuring actions or other exit actions, Autodesk recognizes costs related to termination benefits for former employees whose positions were eliminated, the reduction of facilities, and cancellation of certain contracts. Autodesk excludes these charges because these expenses are not reflective of ongoing business and operating results. Autodesk believes it is useful for investors to understand the effects of these items on its total operating expenses. asset impairments and other charges . These charges are associated with the optimization of Autodesk's facilities costs related to leases that Autodesk vacated as a result of Autodesk's move to a more hybrid remote workforce. In connection with these facility leases, Autodesk recognizes costs related to the impairment or abandonment of operating lease assets, computer equipment, furniture, and leasehold improvements, and other costs. Autodesk excludes these charges because these expenses are not reflective of ongoing business and operating results. Autodesk believes it is useful for investors to understand the effects of these items on Autodesk's total operating expenses. Acquisition-related costs. Autodesk excludes certain acquisition-related costs, including due diligence costs, professional fees in connection with an acquisition, certain financing costs, and certain integration-related expenses. These expenses are unpredictable, and dependent on factors that may be outside of Autodesk's control and unrelated to the continuing operations of the acquired business or Autodesk. In addition, the size and complexity of an acquisition, which often drives the magnitude of acquisition-related costs, may not be indicative of such future costs. Autodesk believes excluding acquisition-related costs facilitates the comparison of its financial results to the Autodesk's historical operating results and to other companies in its industry. Loss (gain) on strategic investments and dispositions. Autodesk excludes gains and losses related to its strategic investments and dispositions of strategic investments, purchased intangibles, and businesses from its measures primarily because management finds it useful to exclude these variable gains and losses on these investments and dispositions in assessing Autodesk's financial results. Included in these amounts are unrealized gains and losses, dividends received, realized gains and losses on the sales or losses on the impairment of these investments, and gain and loss on dispositions. Autodesk believes excluding these items is useful to investors because these excluded items do not correlate to the underlying performance of its business and these losses or gains were incurred in connection with strategic investments and dispositions which do not occur regularly. Income tax adjustments. The income tax effects that are excluded from the measures relate to the tax impact on the difference between GAAP and expenses, primarily due to compensation, amortization of purchased intangibles, and restructuring, other exit costs, and facility reductions for GAAP and measures. We remove GAAP discrete tax items, including changes in valuation allowance, from the measure of net income (loss). The tax provision is based on a projected annual effective tax rate. Management believes the income tax adjustments assist investors in understanding the tax provision and the effective tax rate related to ongoing operations. We believe the exclusion of the discrete tax items provides investors with useful supplemental information about our operational performance. There are limitations in using financial measures because financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from financial measures used by other companies. The financial measures are limited in value because they exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. In addition, they are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which charges are excluded from the financial measures. Autodesk compensates for these limitations by analyzing current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a basis and also by providing GAAP measures in our public disclosures. The presentation of financial information is meant to be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from, the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Autodesk urges investors to review the reconciliation of its financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures included in Exhibit 99.1 and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate its business. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosures. On February 26, 2026, Autodesk posted supplemental investor materials on its investors.autodesk.com website. Autodesk uses its investors.autodesk.com website as a means of disclosing material information, announcing upcoming investor conferences and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor Autodesk’s investor relations website in addition to following Autodesk’s press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The information in this current report on Form 8-K and the exhibit attached hereto shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Earnings press release dated as of February 26, 2026 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Caution Regarding Statements This report contains statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as assumptions about future events. statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can generally be identified by terms such as “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potentially,” or “will” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. These statements include, but are not limited to, the statements above regarding the timing and expectations regarding the Company’s restructuring plan, statements relating to the Company’s investment in strategic priorities, as well as all statements that are not historical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including risks affecting the timing and amount of restructuring charges and payments, and the risks and uncertainties described in the Company’s SEC reports, including under the heading “Risk Factors” in its most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are available at www.sec.gov. The statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise its statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. AUTODESK, INC. /s/ JANESH MOORJANI Janesh Moorjani Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 26, 2026