MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 61 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 81 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 83 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 83 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 83 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 85 Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 85 PART III 85 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 85 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 85 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 86 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 87 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 87 PART IV 88 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 88 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 94 SIGNATURES 95 i Defined Terms and Products Defined terms We use several terms in this Form 10-K, including but not limited to those that are finance, regulation and related as well as names of other companies, which are given below. Term Description 2017 Tax Act Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 340B Program Federal 340B Drug Pricing Program Amended 2009 Plan Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ASR Accelerated Share Repurchase AstraZeneca AstraZeneca plc ASU Accounting Standards Update ATMOS Amgen Technology and Medical Organizations B-ALL B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia BeiGene BeiGene, Ltd. BiTE ® bispecific T-cell engager BLA Biologics License Application BPCIA Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 CCPA California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CDT Cybersecurity & Digital Trust CGRP calcitonin peptide ChemoCentryx ChemoCentryx, Inc. chemotherapy anticancer medicines CHMP Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CIO Chief Information Officer CISO Chief Information Security Officer CMS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission CRCC Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee DLL3 ligand 3 DOJ U.S. Department of Justice EC European Commission Eczacıbaşı EIS Eczacıbaşı İlaç, Sınai ve Finansal Yatırımlar Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. EMA European Medicines Agency EPO European Patent Office EPS earnings per share ESG environmental, social and governance EU European Union FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCPA U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FDA U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDCA Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act Fitch Fitch Ratings, Inc. FTC Federal Trade Commission GAAP U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GDPR General Data Protection Regulation Gensenta Gensenta İlaç Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. ii Term Description HHS U.S. Department of Health & Human Services Horizon Horizon Therapeutics plc growth receptor IND Investigational New Drug Application IPR&D research and development IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRS Internal Revenue Service KRAS Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene Kyowa Kirin Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd. lipoprotein cholesterol Lilly Eli Lilly and Company MAA Marketing Authorisation Application MD&A management’s discussion and analysis Moody’s Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. MRD minimal residual disease Neumora Neumora Therapeutics, Inc. NOL net operating loss NSCLC cell lung cancer OECD Organisation for Economic and Development OIG Office of Inspector General PBM pharmacy benefit manager PCSK9 proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 PDAB Prescription Drug Affordability Board PDE4 phosphodiesterase 4 R&D research and development RANKL receptor activator of nuclear factor ligand RAR Revenue Agent Report RAS Rat sarcoma viral oncogene Regeneron Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. REMS Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy ROU ROW rest of world RSUs restricted stock units S&P Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SG&A selling, general and administrative SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate TED thyroid eye disease Teneobio Teneobio, Inc. U.S. Treasury U.S. Department of Treasury USPTO U.S. Patent and Trademark Office UTB unrecognized tax benefit iii Products The brand names of our products, our delivery devices and certain of our product candidates and their associated generic names are given below. Term Description ACTIMMUNE ACTIMMUNE ® (interferon ) Aimovig Aimovig ® ( ) AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA AMJEVITA ® ( )/AMGEVITA ™ (adalimumab) Aranesp Aranesp ® (darbepoetin alfa) AutoTouch AutoTouch ® AVSOLA AVSOLA ® ( ) BKEMV/BEKEMV BKEMV ™ ( )/BEKEMV ™ (eculizumab) BLINCYTO BLINCYTO ® (blinatumomab) BUPHENYL BUPHENYL ® (sodium phenylbutyrate) ConfiPen ConfiPen ™ Corlanor Corlanor ® (ivabradine) DUEXIS DUEXIS ® (ibuprofen and famotidine) ENBREL Enbrel ® (etanercept) ENBREL Mini ENBREL Mini ® EPOGEN EPOGEN ® (epoetin alfa) EVENITY EVENITY ® (romosozumab-aqqg) IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA IMDELLTRA ® ( )/IMDYLLTRA ® (tarlatamab) IMLYGIC IMLYGIC ® (talimogene laherparepvec) KANJINTI KANJINTI ® (trastuzumab-anns) KRYSTEXXA KRYSTEXXA ® (pegloticase) KYPROLIS KYPROLIS ® (carfilzomib) LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS LUMAKRAS ® /LUMYKRAS ™ (sotorasib) MariTide Maridebart cafraglutide (formerly AMG 133) MVASI MVASI ® (bevacizumab-awwb) Neulasta Neulasta ® (pegfilgrastim) NEUPOGEN NEUPOGEN ® (filgrastim) Nplate Nplate ® (romiplostim) Onpro Onpro ® Otezla Otezla ® (apremilast) Parsabiv Parsabiv ® (etelcalcetide) PAVBLU PAVBLU ™ (aflibercept-ayyh, formerly ABP 938) PENNSAID PENNSAID ® (diclofenac sodium topical solution) 2% PROCYSBI PROCYSBI ® (cysteamine bitartrate) Prolia Prolia ® (denosumab) Pushtronex Pushtronex ® QUINSAIR QUINSAIR ® (levofloxacin) RAVICTI RAVICTI ® (glycerol phenylbutyrate) RAYOS RAYOS ® (prednisone) Repatha Repatha ® (evolocumab) RIABNI RIABNI ® ( ) Sensipar/Mimpara Sensipar ® /Mimpara ™ (cinacalcet) SureClick SureClick ® iv Term Description TAVNEOS TAVNEOS ® (avacopan) TEPEZZA TEPEZZA ® (teprotumumab-trbw) TEZSPIRE TEZSPIRE ® (tezepelumab-ekko) UPLIZNA UPLIZNA ® (inebilizumab-cdon) Vectibix Vectibix ® (panitumumab) WEZLANA/WEZENLA WEZLANA ™ (ustekinumab-auub) / WEZENLA ™ (ustekinumab) XGEVA XGEVA ® (denosumab) Products referenced in this report that are not included in the above list are trademarks of their respective owners. They are Avastin ® , BESPONSA ® , Cosentyx ® , DARZALEX ® , DUPIXENT ® , ERBITUX ® , EYLEA ® , FASENRA ® , Herceptin ® , HUMIRA ® , HYRIMOZ ® , KEYTRUDA ® , LEQVIO ® , Nucala ® , POMALYST ® /IMNOVID ® , PRALUENT ® , PROCRIT ® , PROMACTA ® /REVOLADE ™ , Remicade ® , REVLIMID ® , RINVOQ ® , Rituxan ® /MabThera ® , Skyrizi ® , SOLIRIS ® , SOTYKTU ® , STELARA ® , Taltz ® , Teribone ™ , Tremfya ® , VELCADE ® , Xeljanz ® and XOLAIR ® . v PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Amgen Inc. (including its subsidiaries, referred to as “Amgen,” “the Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) discovers, develops, manufactures and delivers innovative medicines to fight some of the world’s toughest diseases. We focus on areas of high unmet medical need and leverage our expertise to strive for solutions that dramatically improve people’s lives, while also reducing the social and economic burden of disease. We helped launch the biotechnology industry more than 40 years ago and have grown to be one of the world’s leading independent biotechnology companies. Our robust pipeline includes potential medicines at all stages of development. We have a presence in approximately 100 countries worldwide. Amgen was incorporated in California in 1980 and became a Delaware corporation in 1987. Amgen operates in one operating segment: human therapeutics. Significant Developments Following is a summary of significant developments affecting our business that have occurred and that we have reported since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Products/Pipeline Maridebart cafraglutide In November 2024, we announced positive data at 52 weeks in part 1 of a , Phase 2 study with MariTide, a differentiated conjugate subcutaneously administered monthly or less frequently. In people living with obesity or overweight without type 2 diabetes, MariTide demonstrated up to approximately 20% average weight loss at week 52 without a weight loss plateau. The study also showed people living with obesity or overweight and type 2 diabetes achieved up to approximately 17% average weight loss without a weight loss plateau and lowered their average hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) by up to 2.2 percentage points at week 52. MariTide also demonstrated robust and clinically meaningful improvements in cardiometabolic parameters, including blood pressure, triglycerides and C-reactive protein ( ) across doses. The most common adverse events (AEs) in part 1 of the Phase 2 study were gastrointestinal (GI) related, including nausea, vomiting and constipation. The incidence of nausea and vomiting was substantially reduced with dose escalation. The discontinuation rate in the dose escalation arms due to any AE was approximately 11% and less than 8% for AEs. IMDELLTRA In May 2024, we announced IMDELLTRA received accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with small cell lung cancer ( ) with disease progression on or after chemotherapy. BLINCYTO In June 2024, we announced BLINCYTO received approval from the FDA in frontline consolidation for patients with CD19-positive Philadelphia B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL). In December 2024, we announced new data from a Phase 3 trial demonstrating that adding BLINCYTO to chemotherapy significantly improves survival (DFS) in newly diagnosed pediatric patients with National Cancer Institute (NCI) standard risk (SR) B-ALL of average or higher risk of relapse. The study met its primary endpoint of DFS. Overall, the 3-year DFS was 96.0% for patients treated with chemotherapy plus BLINCYTO compared to 87.9% for those treated with only chemotherapy. The hazard ratio (HR) was 0.39 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.24-0.64], indicating a 61% reduction in the risk of disease relapse, secondary malignant neoplasm or remission death with BLINCYTO. At three years, more patients remained alive and cancer free when treated with BLINCYTO plus chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone. Safety results are consistent with the known safety profile of BLINCYTO. TEPEZZA In September 2024, we announced TEPEZZA was approved for the treatment of active or high clinical activity score (CAS) thyroid eye disease (TED) in Japan. 1 UPLIZNA In June 2024, we announced positive results from our Phase 3 registrational trial evaluating UPLIZNA for the treatment of Immunoglobulin G4-related disease (IgG4-RD). The trial met its primary endpoint, showing a statistically significant 87% reduction in the risk of IgG4-RD flare compared to placebo during the 52-week period. All key secondary endpoints were also met, which were annualized flare rate; , complete remission; and , corticosteroid-free complete remission. No new safety signals were identified. The FDA has accepted our submission under priority review, with a Prescription Drug User Fee Action (PDUFA) date of April 3, 2025. In September 2024, we announced results of the Phase 3 MINT trial of UPLIZNA. MINT is a Phase 3, randomized, , trial assessing the efficacy and safety of UPLIZNA in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). The trial met its primary endpoint, with a statistically significant change from baseline in Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living ( ) score for UPLIZNA compared with placebo at week 26 of the combined patient population. UPLIZNA demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful change from baseline compared to placebo for four out of five key secondary endpoints. Overall safety results during the period of the trial were consistent with the known safety profile of UPLIZNA. Rocatinlimab In September 2024, we announced results of the Phase 3 ROCKET HORIZON trial of rocatinlimab, an investigational therapy targeting the OX40 receptor and one of eight studies in the rocatinlimab Phase 3 clinical trial program for atopic dermatitis. HORIZON, a Phase 3, randomized, , trial assessing the efficacy, safety and tolerability of rocatinlimab monotherapy in adults with atopic dermatitis, met its endpoints and reached statistically significant difference from placebo for all key secondary endpoints. Overall safety findings in the study were comparable to those seen in the Phase 2b study. Rocatinlimab is being developed in collaboration with Kyowa Kirin. TEZSPIRE In November 2024, we announced positive results from the Phase 3 WAYPOINT trial, a , , randomized, , parallel group trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of TEZSPIRE in adults with severe chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). The trial demonstrated patients treated with TEZSPIRE had a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in the size of nasal polyps and reduced nasal congestion compared to placebo with safety and tolerability profiles consistent with the known profile of the medicine. TEZSPIRE is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca. Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products The largest concentration of our sales and marketing forces is based in the United States and Europe. We also commercialize and market our products into other geographic territories, including Japan, China and other parts of Asia, Latin America and the Middle East by using our own affiliates, by acquiring existing businesses or product rights or by collaborating with third parties. In the Asia Pacific region, we also sell our products in partnership with other companies, including Astellas Pharma Inc., BeiGene, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Kyowa Kirin and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation. This international footprint allows us to deliver our medicines to more patients globally. See Business Relationships for our significant alliances. Whether we use our own sales and marketing forces or a third party’s services varies across these markets. Such use typically depends on several factors, including the nature of entry into the new market, the size of an opportunity and operational capabilities. Together with our collaborators, we market our products to healthcare providers, including physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. In the United States, substantially all of our sales are to pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, which is the principal means of distributing our products to healthcare providers. We market certain products through channels, including print, television and online media. For further discussion, see Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Regulation of Product Marketing and Promotion. Outside the United States, we sell principally to healthcare providers and/or pharmaceutical wholesale distributors depending on the distribution practice in each country. Our product sales to three large wholesalers, McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc. and Cardinal Health, Inc., each individually accounted for more than 10% of total revenues for each of the years 2024, 2023 and 2022. On a combined basis, these wholesalers accounted for 77%, 79% and 82% of worldwide gross revenues for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We monitor the financial condition of our larger customers and limit our credit exposure by setting credit limits and, in certain circumstances, by requiring letters of credit or obtaining credit insurance. 2 Our products are marketed around the world, with the United States as our largest market. The following chart shows our product sales by principal product, and the table below (dollar amounts in millions) shows product sales by geography for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022. 2024 2023 2022 Product Sales by Geography: U.S. $ 23,301 73 % $ 19,272 72 % $ 17,743 72 % ROW 8,725 27 % 7,638 28 % 7,058 28 % Total $ 32,026 100 % $ 26,910 100 % $ 24,801 100 % ____________ (1) TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA were acquired from our Horizon acquisition on October 6, 2023, and include product sales in the periods after the acquisition date. (2) Consists of product sales of our products. 3 Prolia We market Prolia in many countries around the world. Prolia and XGEVA contain the same active ingredient but are approved for different indications, patient populations, dose and frequency of administration. Prolia was launched in the United States and Europe in 2010. In the United States, it is used primarily in the indication for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk of fracture and for treatment to increase bone mass in men with osteoporosis at high risk of fracture. In Europe, Prolia is used primarily for the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women at increased risk of fracture. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia expire in February 2025 in the United States and November 2025 in select countries in Europe. See Patents table below. ENBREL We market ENBREL, a tumor necrosis factor blocker, in the United States and Canada. ENBREL was launched in 1998 and is used primarily in indications for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis, patients with chronic plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy and patients with active psoriatic arthritis. XGEVA We market XGEVA in many countries around the world. Prolia and XGEVA contain the same active ingredient but are approved for different indications, patient populations, dose and frequency of administration. XGEVA was launched in 2010 and is used primarily in the indication for prevention of events (pathological fracture, radiation to bone, spinal cord compression or surgery to bone) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for XGEVA expire in February 2025 in the United States and November 2025 in select countries in Europe. See Patents table below. Repatha We market Repatha, a PCSK9 inhibitor, in many countries around the world. Repatha was launched in 2015 and is indicated to reduce the risks of myocardial infarction, stroke and coronary revascularization in adults with established cardiovascular disease. Repatha is also indicated to reduce lipoprotein cholesterol ( ) in adults with primary hyperlipidemia, including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH). Otezla We market Otezla, a small molecule that inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4), in many countries around the world. Otezla was acquired from Squibb Company in November 2019 after its acquisition of Celgene Corporation. Otezla is an oral therapy approved for the treatment of adults with plaque psoriasis across all severities (in the United States, Japan and Australia) and plaque psoriasis (in other global markets, including Europe); for adults with active psoriatic arthritis; for adults with oral ulcers associated with Behçet’s disease; and for pediatric patients six years of age and older and weighing at least 20 kilograms with plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy. TEPEZZA We market TEPEZZA primarily in the United States. TEPEZZA was acquired through our Horizon acquisition in October 2023. TEPEZZA is a fully human monoclonal antibody and a targeted inhibitor of the growth receptor ( ) that is the first and only approved medicine for the treatment of thyroid eye disease (TED). EVENITY Together with our collaboration partners, we market EVENITY in many countries around the world. EVENITY was launched in the United States and Japan in 2019. In the United States, it is used in the indication for the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk for fracture, defined as a history of osteoporotic fracture, or multiple risk factors for fracture; or patients who have failed or are intolerant to other available osteoporosis therapy. In Japan, EVENITY is used primarily in the indication for the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture. KYPROLIS We market KYPROLIS primarily in the United States and Europe. KYPROLIS was launched in 2012 and is indicated in combination with (i) dexamethasone, (ii) lenalidomide plus dexamethasone, (iii) daratumumab plus dexamethasone, (iv) daratumumab plus hyaluronidase-fihj plus dexamethasone, and (v) isatuximab plus dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior lines of therapy. It is also approved as a single agent for patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one or more previous therapies. 4 Nplate We market Nplate in many countries around the world. Nplate was launched in 2008 and is indicated to treat thrombocytopenia in patients with immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an insufficient response to corticosteroids, immunoglobulins or splenectomy. Aranesp We market Aranesp primarily in the United States and Europe. Aranesp was launched in 2001 and is indicated to treat a number of red blood cells (anemia) caused by chronic kidney disease (CKD) in both patients on dialysis and patients not on dialysis. Aranesp is also indicated for the treatment of anemia due to concomitant myelosuppressive chemotherapy in certain patients with nonmyeloid malignancies and when chemotherapy will be used for at least two months after starting Aranesp. BLINCYTO We market BLINCYTO in many countries around the world. BLINCYTO was launched in 2014 and has proven efficacy in a wide range of patients with CD19-positive B-ALL, including those who are MRD(–) or MRD(+) in frontline consolidation, and those with relapsed or refractory (R/R) disease. Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a cancer of the blood in which a particular kind of white blood cell is growing out of control. KRYSTEXXA We market KRYSTEXXA in the United States. KRYSTEXXA was acquired through our Horizon acquisition in October 2023. KRYSTEXXA is the first and only medicine for the treatment of chronic refractory gout. Vectibix We market Vectibix in many countries around the world. Vectibix was launched in 2006 and is indicated for the treatment of patients with RAS metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC, cancer that has spread outside the colon and rectum) and in the United States, in combination with LUMAKRAS, for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C-mutated mCRC, who have received prior fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and chemotherapy. RAS status is determined by an test. TEZSPIRE Together with our collaboration partner, we market TEZSPIRE in many countries around the world. TEZSPIRE is currently approved for the treatment of severe asthma in the United States, Europe, Japan and more than 50 countries across the globe. TEZSPIRE is a human monoclonal antibody that works on the primary source of inflammation: the airway epithelium, which is the first point of contact for viruses, allergens, pollutants and other environmental insults. Other Marketed Products We also market a number of other products in various markets worldwide, including but not limited to AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA, MVASI, Neulasta, RAVICTI, UPLIZNA, Parsabiv, LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS, Aimovig, TAVNEOS, PROCYSBI, EPOGEN and IMDELLTRA. Patents The following table lists our outstanding material patents for the indicated product by territory, general subject matter and latest expiry date. Certain of the European patents are subjects of supplemental protection certificates that provide additional protection for the products in certain European countries beyond the dates listed in the table. See footnotes to the patent table below. One or more patents with the same or earlier expiry dates may fall under the same general subject matter and are not listed separately. Product Territory General subject matter Expiration Prolia ® /XGEVA ® (denosumab) U.S. RANKL antibodies, including sequences 2/19/2025 Europe RANKL antibodies, including sequences (1) 6/25/2022 Enbrel ® (etanercept) U.S. Fusion protein and pharmaceutical compositions 11/22/2028 U.S. DNA encoding fusion protein and methods of making fusion protein 4/24/2029 U.S. Formulations and methods of preparing formulations 10/19/2037 5 Product Territory General subject matter Expiration Repatha ® (evolocumab) U.S. Antibodies 8/27/2029 U.S. Methods of treatment 11/22/2030 Europe Compositions (1) 8/22/2028 Europe Methods of treatment 5/10/2032 Europe Formulation 5/3/2033 Otezla ® (apremilast) (2) U.S. Compositions and compounds (3) 2/16/2028 TEPEZZA ® (teprotumumab-trbw) U.S. antibodies (4) 3/3/2029 U.S. Methods of treatment 12/11/2039 EVENITY ® (romosozumab-aqqg) U.S. Antibodies 4/25/2026 U.S. Formulation and methods of using formulation 5/11/2031 U.S. Methods of treatment 4/9/2033 Europe Antibodies (1) 4/28/2026 Europe Formulation and methods of using formulation 5/11/2031 Europe Methods of treatment 4/18/2032 KYPROLIS ® (carfilzomib) U.S. Methods of treatment 4/14/2025 U.S. Compositions and compounds 12/7/2027 U.S. Methods of making 5/8/2033 Europe Compositions, compounds and methods of treatment (1) 12/7/2025 Nplate ® (romiplostim) U.S. Formulation 2/12/2028 Europe Formulation 4/20/2027 BLINCYTO ® (blinatumomab) U.S. Pharmaceutical compositions and bifunctional polypeptides 4/6/2030 U.S. Method of treatment 8/26/2031 Europe Bifunctional polypeptides (1) 11/26/2024 Europe Method of treatment 11/6/2029 KRYSTEXXA ® (pegloticase) U.S. Polypeptides and pharmaceutical compositions 4/11/2026 U.S. Methods of treatment 6/25/2030 TEZSPIRE ® (tezepelumab-ekko) U.S. Polypeptides (5) 2/3/2029 U.S. Methods of treatment 8/23/2038 Europe Polypeptides (1) 9/9/2028 UPLIZNA ® (inebilizumab-cdon) U.S. CD19 antibodies and pharmaceutical compositions 6/11/2034 Europe CD19 antibodies, pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment (1) 9/7/2027 Parsabiv ® (etelcalcetide) U.S. Compound and pharmaceutical composition 2/7/2031 U.S. Formulation 6/27/2034 U.S. Methods of making 8/9/2035 Europe Compound and pharmaceutical composition (1) 7/29/2030 Europe Formulation 6/27/2034 Europe Methods of making 4/3/2035 LUMAKRAS ® /LUMYKRAS™ (sotorasib) U.S. Compounds and pharmaceutical compositions 5/21/2038 U.S. Crystalline form, pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment 5/20/2040 U.S. Methods of treatment 9/15/2040 Europe Compounds, pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment 5/21/2038 Aimovig ® ( ) U.S. Polynucleotides encoding CGRP receptor antibodies and methods of making antibodies 12/11/2031 U.S. CGRP receptor antibodies 5/17/2032 U.S. Methods of treatment 4/22/2036 U.S. Compositions and pharmaceutical formulations 4/1/2039 Europe CGRP receptor antibodies (1) 12/18/2029 Europe Methods of treatment 8/10/2035 TAVNEOS ® (avacopan) U.S. Compounds and pharmaceutical compositions (5) 2/3/2031 U.S. Formulations 11/27/2039 U.S. Amorphous forms and pharmaceutical compositions 5/29/2041 Europe Compounds, pharmaceutical compositions, and methods of treatment (1) 12/21/2029 Europe Formulations 11/27/2039 IMDELLTRA ® ( )/IMDYLLTRA ® (tarlatamab) U.S. Bifunctional polypeptides (5) 8/12/2036 Europe Bifunctional polypeptides 8/1/2036 (1) A European patent with this subject matter may also be entitled to supplemental protection in one or more countries in Europe, and the length of any such extension will vary by country. For example, supplementary protection certificates have been issued related to the indicated products for patents in at least the following countries: 6 • denosumab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in November 2025 • evolocumab — France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2031 • romosozumab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2031 • carfilzomib — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2030 • blinatumomab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2029 • tezepelumab — France, Italy and Spain, expiring in 2033 • inebilizumab — France, Italy and Spain, expiring in 2032 • etelcalcetide — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2031 • erenumab — France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2033 • avacopan — France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expiring in 2034 (2) Regulatory data exclusivity for apremilast in Europe expires in 2026. (3) Pediatric exclusivity granted to 8/16/2028 for a patent with this subject matter. (4) We have biologic exclusivity in the United States covering teprotumumab-trbw that will expire in 2032. (5) A patent with this subject matter may be entitled to patent term extension in the United States. Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. A number of our marketed products are indicated for disease areas in which other products or treatments are currently available or are being pursued by our competitors through R&D activities. Additionally, some products target the same genetic pathways as our recently launched marketed products or product candidates. This competition could impact the pricing and market share of our products. We continue to pursue ways of increasing the value of our medicines through innovations, which can include expanding the disease areas for which our products are indicated and finding new methods to make the delivery or manufacture of our medicines easier and less costly. Such activities can offer important opportunities for differentiation. We plan to continue pursuing innovation efforts to strengthen our competitive position. Such position may be based on, among other things, safety, efficacy, reliability, availability, patient convenience, delivery devices, price, reimbursement, access to and timing of market entry and patent position and expiration. Certain of the existing patents on our principal products have expired, and we face new and increasing competition, including from biosimilars and generics. A biosimilar is another version of a biological product for which marketing approval is sought or has been obtained based on a demonstration that it is “highly similar” to the original reference product. We have experienced adverse effects from biosimilar competition on our originator product sales. Companies have launched versions of EPOGEN, NEUPOGEN, Neulasta and ENBREL (Canada only) with U.S. ENBREL biosimilars approved but not launched. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia and XGEVA expire in February 2025 in the United States and November 2025 in select countries in Europe, and we expect sales erosion driven by biosimilar competition. Once multiple biosimilar versions of one of our originator products have launched, competition intensifies rapidly, resulting in accelerated net price declines for both the reference and the biosimilar products. See also Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Approval of Biosimilars. We also have our own biosimilar products both in the United States and outside of U.S. markets that are competing against branded and biosimilar versions of our competitors’ products. In 2018, we launched AMGEVITA, a biosimilar to HUMIRA, in markets outside the United States. In 2019, we launched MVASI, a biosimilar to Avastin, and KANJINTI, a biosimilar to Herceptin. In 2020, we launched AVSOLA, a biosimilar to Remicade. In 2021, we launched RIABNI, a biosimilar to Rituxan. In 2023, we launched AMJEVITA, a biosimilar to HUMIRA, in the United States, and BEKEMV, a biosimilar to SOLIRIS, in the EU. Additionally, in 2023, we received FDA approval for WEZLANA, a biosimilar to STELARA, and in 2024, we received FDA approval for BKEMV, a biosimilar to SOLIRIS, and in the fourth quarter of 2024, we launched PAVBLU, a biosimilar to EYLEA, in the United States. In January 2025, we launched WEZLANA in the United States. We expect additional biosimilar competition against both our branded and biosimilar products in the future across markets. Although biosimilars compete on price, we believe many patients, providers and payers will continue to place high value on the reputation, supply reliability and safety of our products. As additional biosimilar competitors come to market, we will continue to leverage our global experience to distinguish against both branded and biosimilar competitors. 7 Although most of our products are biologics, some are small molecule products, including Otezla, KYPROLIS and LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS. Because the FDA approval process permits generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product rather than having to conduct their own costly and clinical trials, generic manufacturers can often develop and market their competing versions of our small molecule products at much lower prices. For example, following loss of exclusivity of patents directed to cinacalcet, the active ingredient in our small molecule calcimimetic Sensipar, we lost a significant share of the market and corresponding revenues in a very short period of time. The introduction of new products, the development of new processes or technologies by competitors or the emergence of new information about existing products may result in (i) increased competition for our marketed products, even for those protected by patents and/or (ii) reductions in the prices we receive from selling our products. In addition, the development of new treatment options or standards of care may reduce the use of our products or may limit the utility and application of ongoing clinical trials of our product candidates. (As used in this document, the term clinical trials may include prospective clinical trials, observational studies, registries and other studies.) See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our products face substantial competition and our product candidates are also likely to face substantial competition and Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . 8 The following table reflects our significant competitors for our principal products and is not exhaustive. Product Territory product Competitors Prolia (1) U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific Bisphosphonates, including generics Various ENBREL U.S. HUMIRA (2) AbbVie Inc. U.S. HYRIMOZ Sandoz Group AG U.S. RINVOQ AbbVie Inc. U.S. Xeljanz Pfizer Inc. Canada Etanercept biosimilars Various XGEVA (1) U.S. & Europe Zoledronate generics Various Repatha U.S., Europe & Asia Pacific PRALUENT Regeneron Sanofi U.S. & Europe LEQVIO Novartis Pharma AG Otezla U.S. & Europe Skyrizi AbbVie Inc. U.S. & Europe HUMIRA (2) AbbVie Inc. U.S. & Europe Tremfya Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (3) U.S. & Europe Taltz Lilly U.S. & Europe Cosentyx Novartis Pharma AG U.S. & Europe SOTYKTU Bristol Myers Squibb Company U.S. & Europe Topical products Various EVENITY U.S. Bisphosphonates, including generics Various Japan Teribone Asahi Kasei Pharma KYPROLIS U.S. & Europe DARZALEX Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (3) U.S. & Europe POMALYST/IMNOVID Celgene Corporation (4) U.S. & Europe REVLIMID (5) Various U.S. VELCADE Takeda Oncology (6) Nplate U.S. & Europe PROMACTA/REVOLADE Novartis Pharma AG Aranesp U.S. PROCRIT (7) Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine (3) U.S. & Europe Epoetin alfa biosimilars Various BLINCYTO U.S. & Europe BESPONSA Pfizer Inc. U.S. & Europe Chemotherapy regime Various Vectibix U.S. & Europe Avastin F. Roche Ltd. (Roche) U.S. KEYTRUDA Merck & Co., Inc. U.S. & Europe ERBITUX Lilly U.S. & Europe Chemotherapy regime Various TEZSPIRE U.S. DUPIXENT Regeneron Sanofi U.S. FASENRA AstraZeneca U.S. XOLAIR Genentech, Inc. Novartis Pharma AG U.S. NUCALA GSK plc. (1) Approved biosimilars available for Prolia and XGEVA in Asia Pacific only. Other biosimilars under regulatory review in the United States, Europe and Asia Pacific. (2) Approved biosimilars for HUMIRA available. (3) A subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. 9 (4) A subsidiary of Squibb Company. (5) REVLIMID also includes generics. (6) A subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (7) PROCRIT competes with Aranesp in supportive cancer care and predialysis settings. TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA currently do not face any direct competitors in the United States or Europe. TEPEZZA faces competition from other therapies, such as corticosteroids, which have been used on an basis to alleviate some of the symptoms of TED. TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA may face competition from competitor medicines currently in clinical trials. See TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA sections above and Government Regulation—Regulation of Orphan Medicines . Reimbursement Sales of our products are dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from payers. In many markets around the world, these payers, including government health systems, private health insurers and other organizations, remain focused on reducing the cost of healthcare; and their efforts have intensified, in part, as a result of uncertain macroeconomic conditions, rising healthcare costs and pressures on healthcare budgets. Drugs remain heavily scrutinized for cost containment. As a result, payers have been and continue to be more restrictive regarding the use of biopharmaceutical products and are scrutinizing the prices of these products while requiring a higher level of clinical evidence to support the benefits such products bring to patients and the broader healthcare system. For example, as discussed below, payers are increasingly using stricter utilization management criteria, such as prior authorization and step therapy, to contain or reduce costs. These pressures become intensified when our products become subject to competition, including from biosimilars. In the United States, healthcare providers and other entities such as pharmacies and PBMs are reimbursed for covered services and products they deliver through both and government healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. We provide negotiated rebates or discounts to healthcare providers, private payers, government payers and PBMs. In addition, we are required to (i) provide rebates or discounts on our products that are reimbursed through certain government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and (ii) provide discounts to qualifying healthcare providers under the 340B Program. Further, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program has had a negative impact on the Company’s financial performance. Both private and some government payers use formularies to manage access to and utilization of drugs. A drug’s inclusion and favorable positioning on a formulary are essential to ensure patients have full access to a particular drug. Even when access is available, some patients abandon their prescriptions for economic reasons. Payers continue to institute cost reduction and containment measures that lower drug utilization and/or spending altogether and/or shift a greater portion of the costs to patients. Such measures include, but are not limited to, benefit plan designs, higher patient or coinsurance obligations, limitations on patients’ use of commercial manufacturer payment assistance programs (including through accumulator adjustment or maximization programs), stricter utilization management criteria (such as prior authorization and step therapy) before a patient may get access to a drug, formulary placement that increases the level of patient costs and formulary exclusion, which effectively encourages patients and providers to seek alternative treatments or pay 100% of the cost of a drug. The use of such measures by PBMs and insurers has continued to intensify and has thereby limited Amgen product usage and sales. Furthermore, in the United States, the top six integrated health plans and PBMs controlled about 94% of all pharmacy prescriptions. As a result, PBMs and insurers have greater market power and negotiating leverage to mandate stricter utilization criteria and/or exclude drugs from their formularies in favor of competitor drugs or alternative treatments. In highly competitive treatment markets such as the markets for ENBREL, Otezla, Repatha and Aimovig, PBMs are also able to exert negotiating leverage by requiring incremental rebates from manufacturers in order for them to gain and/or maintain their formulary position. In addition to market actions taken by private and government payers in the United States, policy makers in both of the major U.S. political parties have supported policies to lower drug costs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability . For example, in 2022, the IRA was enacted and includes provisions requiring that beginning in 2026, mandatory price setting be introduced in Medicare for certain drugs paid for under Parts B and D, whereby manufacturers must accept a price established by the government or face penalties on all U.S. sales (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 in 2029 and subsequent years such that by 2031 approximately 100 drugs could be subject to such set prices). The Medicare price setting process began in August 2023 when CMS announced the first 10 drugs for Medicare price setting, which includes ENBREL, currently a product that generates considerable revenue for the Company. On July 30, 2024, CMS set a price for ENBREL in Medicare Part D that is significantly lower than the currently applicable price, effective beginning on January 1, 2026. We expect this will negatively impact 10 ENBREL’s profitability in Medicare. In January 2025, CMS announced the next 15 drugs for Medicare price setting that will be applicable beginning on January 1, 2027, which includes Otezla. Also under the IRA, starting on January 1, 2024, Medicare Part D was redesigned to cap beneficiary costs and, beginning on January 1, 2025, Federal reinsurance will become reduced in the catastrophic phase (resulting in a shift and increase of such costs to Part D plans and manufacturers, including by requiring manufacturer discounts on certain drugs). Further, the IRA created a mechanism for CMS to collect rebates from manufacturers if price increases outpace inflation. We began to accrue for rebate obligations on October 1, 2022 for Medicare Part D and on January 1, 2023 for Medicare Part B. Other potential policies cover a wide range of areas, including allowing the importation of drugs from other countries; increasing transparency in drug pricing; using value assessments to determine drug prices; referencing foreign prices; and changes to government rebate programs. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA authorized Florida to move forward with its importation program proposal, which excludes biologics. CMS also issued a proposed Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rule that would have required manufacturers to aggregate or “stack” all rebates, discounts or other price concessions made to separate, unrelated entities across the pharmaceutical supply chain on a given unit of product to determine the “Best Price,” a metric that is used to determine Medicaid rebates and 340B statutory rates. This proposal was not finalized but remains a policy that could be reconsidered in the future. Further, at the state level, eight states (Colorado, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish PDABs to identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and in four states (Colorado, Maryland, Minnesota and Washington) include authority for the state PDAB to set upper payment limits on certain drugs for patients, payers and providers. In many countries other than the United States, healthcare systems are the primary payers for drugs and biologics. With increasing budgetary constraints and/or difficulty in understanding the value of medicines, governments and payers in many countries are applying a variety of measures to exert downward price pressure. These measures can include mandatory price controls, price referencing, therapeutic-reference pricing, increases in rebates, incentives for generic substitution and biosimilar usage and price cuts. In this regard, many governments use health technology assessment organizations to judge the added benefit of new treatments over existing ones, metrics which are then used to set reimbursement prices and/or set coverage limits. Many countries also limit coverage to populations narrower than those specified on our product labels or impose volume caps to limit utilization. We expect that governments will continue taking aggressive actions to seek to reduce expenditures on drugs and biologics. Similarly, fiscal constraints may also affect the extent to which countries are willing to approve new and innovative therapies and/or allow access to new technologies. The EU is currently undergoing a review and revision of its pharmaceutical legislation. Various proposals are under consideration with the EU Council, followed by a negotiation among the EU government to agree to a final law. Full implementation is not expected until 2027 or later. The new legislation, if implemented, will likely have a significant impact on the landscape for access and pricing decisions within EU Member States. The dynamics and developments discussed above create pressures on the pricing and potential usage of our products and on the industry. Given the diverse interests in play between payers, biopharmaceutical manufacturers, policy makers, healthcare providers and independent organizations, if and whether the parties involved can achieve alignment on the matters discussed above remain unclear, and the outcome of any such alignment is difficult to predict. We remain focused on pricing our products responsibly and delivering breakthrough treatments for unmet medical needs. Amgen is committed to working with the entire healthcare community to ensure continued innovation and to facilitate patient access to needed medicines. We do this by: • investing billions of dollars annually in R&D; • pricing our medicines to reflect the value they provide; • developing more affordable therapeutic choices in the form of and reliably supplied biosimilars; • partnering with payers to share risk and accountability for health outcomes; • providing patient support and education programs; • helping patients in financial need access our medicines; and • working with policy makers, patients and other stakeholders to establish a sustainable healthcare system with access to affordable care and in which patients and their healthcare professionals are the primary decision makers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability and Item 1A. Risk Factors— Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. 11 Manufacturing, Distribution and Raw Materials Manufacturing We believe we are a leader in the manufacture of biologics and that our manufacturing capabilities represent a competitive advantage. The products we manufacture consist of both biologics and small molecule drugs. The majority of our products are biologics that are produced in living cells and that are inherently complex due to naturally occurring molecular variations. Highly specialized knowledge and extensive process and product characterization are required to transform processes into reproducible commercial manufacturing processes. Further, our expertise in the manufacture of biologics has positioned us well for leadership in the global biosimilars market. For additional information regarding manufacturing facilities, see Item 2. Properties. We are expanding our manufacturing capacity and incorporating technologies, allowing us to optimize our manufacturing network and mitigate risks while continuing to ensure adequate supply of our products to patients worldwide. Our new biomanufacturing plants, including our facility in North Carolina and facility in Ohio, have been constructed at a lower cost and with greater speed as compared to traditional facilities. For example, our facility in North Carolina has equipment that is portable and smaller, which provides greater flexibility and speed in the manufacture of different medicines simultaneously, allowing us to respond to changing demands for our medicines with increased scale and agility. Furthermore, such plants incorporate multiple innovative technologies, automation solutions and environmental sustainability into a single facility, thus requiring smaller manufacturing footprints and offering greater environmental benefits, including reduced consumption of water and energy and lower levels of carbon emissions. For example, our facility in North Carolina and our facility in Ohio contain many examples of environmental commitments, including photovoltaic renewable energy generation at both sites. We expect our North Carolina facility’s carbon footprint, water usage and waste disposed to be substantially lower than that of a traditional drug substance manufacturing plant. Similarly, we expect lower carbon footprint, water usage and waste disposed per unit at our Ohio facility as compared to traditional packaging and assembly facilities. Our internal manufacturing network has commercial production capabilities for bulk manufacturing, formulation, fill, finish, tableting and final device assembly. These activities are performed within the United States and its territory, including in our Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, Ohio and California facilities, as well as internationally in our Ireland, Netherlands and Singapore facilities. In addition, we use contract manufacturers to supplement the capacity or capability of our commercial manufacturing network. To support our clinical trials, we manufacture product candidates primarily at our California facilities. We also use contract manufacturers, including contract manufacturers that were added to our clinical manufacturing network from the Horizon acquisition, to supplement the capacity or capability of our overall clinical manufacturing network. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing operations and the global supply of our products. Distribution We operate distribution centers in Puerto Rico, Kentucky, California and the Netherlands for worldwide distribution of the majority of our commercial and clinical products. We also use distributors to supplement distribution of our products worldwide. Other In addition to the manufacturing and distribution activities noted above, each of our manufacturing locations includes key manufacturing support functions such as quality control, process development, engineering, procurement, production scheduling and warehousing. Certain of those manufacturing and distribution activities are highly regulated by the FDA as well as international regulatory agencies. See Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Regulation of Manufacturing Standards. Manufacturing Initiatives As discussed above, we are expanding our capacity and advancing new innovations to support anticipated patient demand for our current and future products. In January 2024, our biomanufacturing plant located in New Albany, Ohio received FDA licensure for commercial production. This final product assembly and packaging plant supports the growing demand for Amgen’s medicines and uses technologies and automation. 12 In January 2025, we opened our Holly Springs, North Carolina site, a drug substance facility. Upon FDA approval, this facility will increase our biologics manufacturing capacity. Also in January 2025, we broke ground on a second drug substance manufacturing facility in Holly Springs, North Carolina. This second facility will incorporate technologies and sustainable practices, further enhancing our manufacturing network to support reliable and efficient supply of our medicines to patients worldwide. Subsequent to the Horizon acquisition, we continue to evaluate our supply chains and pursue activities to further improve resiliency and efficiency. Additionally, in 2024, we have initiated actions to consolidate the commercial production of select acquired Horizon products into our existing manufacturing network. See Item 1A. Risk factors— Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales. Raw Materials and Medical Devices Certain raw materials, medical devices (including companion diagnostics) and components necessary for the commercial and/or clinical manufacturing of our products are provided by and are the proprietary products of unaffiliated suppliers, certain of which may be our only sources for such materials. We currently attempt to manage the risk associated with such suppliers by means of inventory management, relationship management and evaluation of alternative sources when feasible. We also monitor the financial condition and manufacturing quality and compliance of key suppliers and their ability to supply our needs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— We rely on suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components. We perform various procedures to help authenticate the sources of raw materials, including intermediary materials used in the manufacture of our products; the procedures include verification of country of origin and are incorporated into the manufacturing processes we and our contract manufacturers perform. To better ensure supply, Amgen has a risk mitigation strategy that uses a combination of methods, including multiple sources or backup inventory of critical raw materials. As part of our ongoing business continuity efforts, we continue to closely monitor our inventory levels and have taken additional measures to mitigate against raw material supply interruption. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing operations and the global supply of our products. Government Regulation Regulation by government authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the production and marketing of our products and our ongoing R&D activities. To clinically test, manufacture and market products for therapeutic use, we must satisfy mandatory procedures and safety and effectiveness standards established by various regulatory bodies. Compliance with these standards is complex, and failure to comply with any of these standards can result in significant implications. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of factors, including global regulatory implications, that can adversely impact our development and marketing of commercial products. Regulation in the United States In the United States, the Public Health Service Act; the FDCA; and the regulations promulgated thereunder as well as other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the production, research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion and distribution of our products in addition to the reporting of certain payments and other transfers of value to healthcare professionals and teaching hospitals. Clinical Development and Product Approval. Drug development in our industry is complex, challenging and risky, and failure rates are high. Product development cycles are typically very long—approximately 10 to 15 years from discovery to market. A potential new medicine must undergo many years of preclinical and clinical testing to establish its safety and efficacy for use in humans at appropriate dosing levels and with an acceptable risk–benefit profile. We continue to work toward reducing cycle times by applying our expertise in human genetics and innovation in technology, clinical trials and evidence. See Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates section below. After laboratory analysis and preclinical testing in animals, we file an IND with the FDA to begin human testing. Typically, we undertake an human clinical testing program. 13 • In phase 1, we conduct small clinical trials to investigate the safety and proper dose ranges of our product candidates in a small number of human subjects. • In phase 2, we conduct clinical trials to investigate profiles and the efficacy of our product candidates in a patient population larger than phase 1 but still relatively small, who have the disease or condition under study. • In phase 3, we conduct clinical trials to investigate the short- and safety and efficacy of our product candidates, compared to commonly used treatments, in a large number of patients who have the disease or condition under study. The FDA monitors the progress of each trial conducted under an IND and may, at its discretion, reevaluate, alter, suspend or terminate the testing based on data accumulated to that point and the FDA’s risk–benefit assessment with regard to the patients enrolled in the trial. The results of preclinical and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA in the form of either a BLA for biologic products or a New Drug Application for small molecule products. We are not permitted to market or promote a new product until the FDA has approved our marketing application. Approval of Biosimilars . The Affordable Care Act authorized the FDA to approve biosimilars via a separate, abbreviated pathway. The pathway allows sponsors of a biosimilar to seek and obtain regulatory approval based in part on the nonclinical-trial and data of an originator product to which the biosimilar has been demonstrated to be “highly similar” and to have no clinically meaningful differences with regard to safety, purity and potency. The relevance of demonstrating “similarity” is that in many cases, biosimilars can be brought to market without conducting the full suite of clinical trials typically required of originators, because risk–benefit has previously been established. To preserve incentives for future innovation, the law establishes a period of exclusivity for originators’ products, which in general prohibits biosimilars from gaining FDA approval based in part on reliance on or reference to the originator’s data in their application to the FDA for 12 years after initial FDA approval of the originator product. The law does not change the duration of patents granted on biologic products. As part of the implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway for biosimilars, the FDA released a number of guidance documents, some of which remain in draft form. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . Regulation of Product Marketing and Promotion . The FDA regulates the marketing and promotion of drug products. Our product promotions for approved product indications must comply with the statutory standards of the FDCA and the FDA’s implemented regulations and guidance. The FDA’s review of marketing and promotional activities encompasses but is not limited to advertising, advertising and promotion, sales representative communications to healthcare professionals, promotional programming and promotional activities involving electronic media. The FDA may also review scientific and educational activities that make representations regarding product safety or efficacy in a promotional context. The FDA may take enforcement action against a company for violations of the FDA’s advertising and labeling laws and regulations. Enforcement action may include product seizures, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties or regulatory letters, which may require corrective advertising or other corrective communications to healthcare professionals. Failure to comply with the FDA’s regulations also can result in adverse publicity or increased scrutiny of company activities by the U.S. Congress or other legislators. Additionally, as described below, such failure may lead to additional liability under U.S. healthcare fraud and abuse laws. Regulation of Manufacturing Standards . The FDA regulates and inspects the equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes used in the manufacturing and testing of products prior to granting approval to market products. If after receiving approval from the FDA we make a material change in manufacturing equipment, location or process, additional regulatory review may be required. We also must adhere to current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations and regulations enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. The FDA conducts regular, periodic visits to reinspect our equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes following an initial approval. Regulation of Combination Products . Combination products are defined by the FDA as products composed of two or more regulated components (e.g., a biologic and/or drug and a device). Biologics/drugs and devices each have their own regulatory requirements, and combination products may have additional requirements. A number of our marketed products meet this definition and are regulated under this framework, and we expect that a number of our pipeline product candidates will be evaluated for regulatory approval under this framework as well. Regulation of Orphan Medicines. Orphan drugs are defined by the FDA as products intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects less than 200,000 persons in the United States. A company must request orphan drug designation prior to filing and, if granted for being the first medicine to treat such a rare disease, means the FDA will not approve another sponsor’s marketing application for the same drug for the same indication for seven years. Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another medicine for the same indication if it is shown to be clinically superior. In the United States, a number of our products, including products such as TEPEZZA and UPLIZNA, have orphan drug exclusivity under this framework. 14 Regulation outside the United States In EU countries as well as in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Australia and Japan, regulatory requirements and approval processes are similar in principle to those in the United States. In the EU, there are currently two potential tracks for seeking marketing approval for a product not authorized in any EU member state: a decentralized procedure and a centralized procedure. In the decentralized procedure , identical applications for marketing authorization are submitted simultaneously to the national regulatory agencies. Regulatory review is led by one member state (the state), and its assessment—based on safety, quality and efficacy—is reviewed and approved (assuming there are no concerns that the product poses a serious risk to public health) by the other member states from which the applicant is seeking approval (the states). The decentralized procedure leads to a series of single national approvals in all relevant countries. In the centralized procedure , which is required of all products derived from biotechnology, a company submits a single MAA to the EMA, which conducts an evaluation of the dossier, drawing upon its scientific resources across Europe. If the drug product is proven to fulfill requirements for quality, safety and efficacy, the EMA’s CHMP adopts a positive opinion, which is transmitted to the EC for final decision on granting of the marketing authorization. Even though the EC generally follows the CHMP’s opinion, it is not bound to do so. Subsequent commercialization is enabled by reimbursement approval. In the EU, biosimilars are approved under a specialized pathway of the centralized procedure. As with the U.S. pathway, an applicant seeks and obtains regulatory approval for a biosimilar once the data exclusivity period for the original reference product has expired, relying in part on the data submitted for the originator product together with data evidencing that the biosimilar is “highly similar” with regard to quality, safety and efficacy to the original reference product authorized in the European Economic Area. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future . In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 141/2000, as implemented by Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000, provides that a medicine can be designated as an orphan medicinal product by the EC if its sponsor can establish that: (i) the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of or chronically debilitating conditions; (ii) either (a) such conditions affect not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal product; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory authorized method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition that has been authorized in the EU, or even if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. An application for the designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product may be submitted at any stage of development of the medicinal product but before the filing of an MAA. A marketing authorization for an orphan medicinal product may only include indications designated as orphan. For indications treated with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient, a separate marketing authorization has to be sought. Approved orphan drugs in the EU receive 10 years of market exclusivity for the approved indication in all EU member states. We currently have orphan medicinal product designation for BLINCYTO in the EU and intend to seek medicinal product designation for a number of our products in the future. Other countries such as those in Latin America and the Middle East have review processes and data requirements similar to those of the EU and in some cases can rely on prior marketing approval from U.S. or EU regulatory authorities. The regulatory process in these countries may include manufacturing/testing facility inspections, testing of drug product upon importation and other domestic requirements. In Asia Pacific, a number of countries such as China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan may require local data for bridging purposes as part of the drug registration process in addition to global clinical trials, which can add to overall drug development and registration timelines. In most of the Asian markets, registration timelines depend on marketing approval in the United States or the EU. In some markets in Asia, such as China, Indonesia and Thailand, regulatory timelines can be less predictable. The regulatory process may also include manufacturing/testing facility inspections, testing of drug product upon importation and other domestic requirements. Countries such as Australia and Japan have systems that would allow for submissions under time frames. With regard to biosimilars, several of these countries have pathways to register biosimilars (e.g., Australia, India, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan), and biosimilar products are already present on the markets (e.g., Australia and South Korea). In some countries, such as Japan and those in the EU, medical devices may be subject to regulatory regimes whereby manufacturers must establish that their medical devices conform to essential requirements set out in the law for the particular device category. For example, in the EU, with limited exceptions, medical devices placed on the market must bear the Conformité Européenne marking to indicate their conformity with legal requirements. 15 Postapproval Phase After approval, we continue to monitor adverse events and product complaints reported following the use of our products through routine postmarketing surveillance and studies when applicable. We report such events to the appropriate regulatory agencies as required by local regulations for individual cases and aggregate reports. We proactively monitor (according to good pharmacovigilance practices) and ensure the implementation of signal detection, assessment and the communication of adverse events that may be associated with the use of our products. We also proactively monitor product complaints through our quality systems, which includes assessing our drug delivery devices for device complaints, adverse events and malfunctions. We may also be required by regulatory agencies to conduct further clinical trials on our marketed products as a condition of their approval or to provide additional information on safety and efficacy. Health regulators, including the FDA, have authority to mandate labeling changes to products at any point based on new safety information or as part of an evolving label change to a particular class of products. Health regulators, including the FDA, also have authority both before and after approval to require that a company implement a risk management program for a product to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks. Each risk management program is unique and varies depending on the specific factors required. In the United States, such a risk management program is known as a REMS, and we currently have REMSs for Prolia, Nplate and BLINCYTO. Other Regulation We are also subject to various laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including antikickback laws and laws. Antikickback laws make it illegal to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for or to induce the referral of business, including the purchase or prescribing of a particular drug that is reimbursed by a state or federal program. laws prohibit knowingly and willingly presenting or causing to be presented for payment to payers (including Medicare and Medicaid) any claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as by the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Liability under laws may also arise when violation of certain laws or regulations related to the underlying product (e.g., a violation regarding improper promotional activity or unlawful payments) contributes to the submission of a false claim. See Item 1A. Risk Factors—Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations. The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA arguably includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anticorruption laws and/or regulations. Failure by our employees, agents, contractors, vendors, licensees, partners or collaborators to comply with the FCPA and other anticorruption laws and/or regulations could result in significant civil or criminal penalties. We are subject to various laws and regulations globally with regard to privacy and data protection. These laws and regulations involve the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environments regarding privacy and data protection are continually evolving and developing because these issues are subjects of increasing amounts of attention in countries globally. For example, we are subject to the EU’s GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018; the CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020; the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which amended the CCPA and became effective on January 1, 2023; and China’s Personal Information Protection Law, which became effective on November 1, 2021. Other jurisdictions where we operate have enacted or proposed similar legislation and/or regulations, such as consumer privacy laws that went into effect in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut and Florida in 2023 and Oregon, Texas and Montana in 2024. Consumer privacy laws were also passed in other states, including Iowa, Delaware, New Hampshire, Nebraska, New Jersey, Tennessee, Minnesota, Maryland, Indiana, Kentucky and Rhode Island and will be effective beginning in 2025 through 2026. In April 2023, a new type of state privacy law focused on protection of consumer health data emerged in Washington with the enactment of the My Health My Data Act, with similar legislation passed subsequently in Nevada. Both these new consumer health privacy laws became effective on March 31, 2024. Further, in 2024, the EU Artificial Intelligence (AI) Act, formally known as Regulation (EU) 2024/1689, was passed into law. Certain provisions of this regulation, such as transparency obligations and governance structures, will take effect in February and August 2025, with the regulation becoming fully effective on August 2, 2026. The regulation establishes a framework governing the development, deployment and use of AI systems across the EU. AI systems are subject to stringent requirements such as mandatory risk assessments, technical documentation, bias mitigation and explainability standards. with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties. Our business has been and will continue to be subject to various other U.S. and foreign laws, rules and regulations, including provisions of the IRA. See Reimbursement section above. 16 Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates We focus our R&D on novel human therapeutics for the treatment of serious illness. We capitalize on our strengths in human genetics, novel biology and protein engineering. We leverage our biologic expertise and seek to choose the optimal modality for a drug target and disease. And we use science and technology to study subtle biological mechanisms in search of therapies that will improve the lives of those who suffer from diseases. See Government Regulation— Clinical Development and Product Approval section above. Our discovery research programs may therefore yield targets that lead to the development of human therapeutics delivered as large molecules, small molecules, other combination modalities or new modalities. We have reshaped our portfolio and have increasingly focused our efforts on human genetics when possible to enhance the likelihood of success. We have major R&D centers in the United States in Thousand Oaks and San Francisco, California; Iceland; and the United Kingdom, as well as smaller research centers and development facilities globally. See Item 2. Properties. With regard to our clinical trial activities, we are continuously monitoring the possible impacts from events, geopolitical conflicts and natural disasters. We are working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials; and we are evaluating the impact in all relevant countries. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in their providing care for patients and in our providing investigational drug supply. Our clinical trial activities are conducted by both our internal staff and contract clinical trial service providers. To increase the number and diversity of patients available for enrollment in our clinical trials, we have opened clinical sites and will continue opening clinical sites and enrolling patients in a number of geographic locations. See Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Clinical Development and Product Approval for a discussion of government regulation over clinical development. Also see Item 1A. Risk Factors— We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, our R&D expenses were $6.0 billion, $4.8 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively. We expect to continue allocating significant resources to our R&D activities. Some of our competitors are actively engaged in R&D in areas in which we have products or in which we are developing product candidates or new indications for existing products. For example, we compete with other clinical trials for eligible patients, which may limit the number of available patients who meet the criteria for certain clinical trials. The competitive marketplace for our product candidates is greatly dependent on the timing of entry into the market. Early entry may have important advantages in gaining product acceptance, thereby contributing to a product’s eventual success and profitability. Accordingly, we expect that in some cases, the relative speed with which we can develop products, complete clinical testing, receive regulatory approval and supply commercial quantities of a product to the market will be important to our competitive position. In addition to product candidates and marketed products generated from our internal R&D efforts, we acquire companies, acquire and license certain product and R&D technology rights and establish R&D arrangements with third parties to enhance our strategic position within our industry by strengthening and diversifying our R&D capabilities, product pipeline and marketed product base. In pursuing these R&D arrangements and licensing or acquisition activities, we face competition from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that also seek to license or acquire technologies, product candidates or marketed products from those entities performing the R&D. The following table shows a selection of certain of our product candidates by phase of development in our therapeutic areas of focus as of February 4, 2025, unless otherwise indicated. Additional product candidate information can be found on our website at www.amgen.com. (The website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink, and the information contained on our website is not intended to be a part of this filing.) The information in this section does not include, among other things, other, nonregistrational clinical trials that we may conduct for purposes other than for submission to regulatory agencies for their approval of a new product indication. We may conduct nonregistrational clinical trials for various reasons, including to evaluate outcomes or to collect additional safety information with regard to the use of products. Investigational indications (programs) Phase 3 AMJEVITA Interchangeability Bemarituzumab Gastric and gastroesophageal junction cancer BLINCYTO B-ALL 17 Investigational indications (programs) Dazodalibep Sjögren’s disease EVENITY Male osteoporosis IMDELLTRA Small cell lung cancer LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS Advanced colorectal cancer cell lung cancer Nplate Chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia Olpasiran Cardiovascular disease Otezla Palmoplantar pustulosis Repa

[truncated]