Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 49 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 51 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 51 Item 9B. Other Information 51 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 51 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 52 Item 11. Executive Compensation 52 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 52 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 52 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 52 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 53 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 57 Signatures 58 i SPECIAL NOTE ON INFORMATION This document, and the documents incorporated by reference in this document, our press releases and oral statements made from time to time by us or on our behalf, may contain certain " statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are based on management's current expectations, that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. In this context, statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as "may," "can," "continue," "project," "assumption," "should," "expect," "confidence," "goals," "trends," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "on track," "future," "well positioned to," "plan," "potential," "position," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. Such statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Tapestry, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and assumptions. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed statements. Tapestry, Inc. assumes no obligation to revise or update any such statements for any reason, except as required by law. Tapestry, Inc.’s actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these statements and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this Form 10-K filing entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” These factors include, but are not limited to: (i) the impact of economic conditions, recession and inflationary measures; (ii) our exposure to international risks, including currency fluctuations and changes in economic or political conditions in the markets where we sell or source our products; (iii) the impact of the coronavirus (" ") pandemic; (iv) our ability to retain the value of our brands and to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, including our ability to execute on our e-commerce and digital strategies; (v) our ability to successfully implement the initiatives under our 2025 growth strategy; (vi) the effect of existing and new competition in the marketplace; (vii) satisfaction of the conditions precedent to consummation of the proposed acquisition of Capri Holdings Limited ("Capri"), including the ability to secure regulatory approval in the United States on the terms expected, at all or in a timely manner; (viii) our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from acquisitions, including our proposed acquisition of Capri; (ix) the outcome of the antitrust lawsuit by the Federal Trade Commission against us and Capri related to the consummation of the proposed acquisition; (x) our ability to control costs; (xi) the effect of seasonal and quarterly fluctuations on our sales or operating results; (xii) the risk of cyber security threats and privacy or data security breaches; (xiii) our ability to satisfy our outstanding debt obligations or incur additional indebtedness; (xiv) the risks associated with climate change and other corporate responsibility issues; (xv) the impact of tax and other legislation; (xvi) the risks associated with potential changes to international trade agreements and the imposition of additional duties on importing our products; (xvii) our ability to protect against infringement of our trademarks and other proprietary rights; and (xviii) the impact of pending and potential future legal proceedings. These factors are not necessarily all of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our statements. 1 In this Form 10-K, references to “we,” “our,” “us,” "Tapestry" and the “Company” refer to Tapestry, Inc., including consolidated subsidiaries as of June 29, 2024 ("fiscal 2024"). References to "Coach," "Kate Spade," "kate spade new york" or "Stuart Weitzman" refer only to the referenced brand. Fiscal 2024 was a 52-week period, July 1, 2023 ("fiscal 2023") was a 52-week period, and July 2, 2022 ("fiscal 2022") was a 52-week period. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Tapestry, Inc. (the "Company") is a house of iconic accessories and lifestyle brands. Our global house of brands unites the magic of Coach, kate spade new york and Stuart Weitzman. Each of our brands are unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by distinctive products and differentiated customer experiences across business channels and geographies. We use our collective strengths to move our customers and empower our communities, to make the fashion industry more sustainable and to build a company that’s equitable, inclusive and diverse. Individually, our brands are iconic. Together, we can stretch what’s possible. Founded in 1941, Coach, Inc., the predecessor to Tapestry, Inc., was incorporated in the state of Maryland in 2000. During fiscal 2015, the Company acquired Stuart Weitzman Holdings LLC, a luxury women's footwear company. During fiscal 2018, the Company acquired Kate Spade & Company, a lifestyle accessories and company. Later in fiscal 2018, the Company changed its name to Tapestry, Inc. OUR BRANDS The Company has three reportable segments: • Coach - Coach is a global fashion house of accessories and lifestyle collections, founded in New York City in 1941. Inspired by the vision of Expressive Luxury and the inclusive and courageous spirit of its hometown, the brand makes beautiful things, crafted to last – for you to be yourself in. Coach has built a legacy of craftsmanship and a community that champions the courage to be real. Coach includes global sales of primarily Coach brand products to customers through our ("DTC"), wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 76.4% of total net sales in fiscal 2024. • Kate Spade - Since its launch in 1993 with a collection of six essential handbags, kate spade new york has always been colorful, bold and optimistic. Today, it is a global lifestyle brand that designs extraordinary things for the everyday, delivering seasonal collections of handbags, , jewelry, footwear, gifts, home décor and more. Known for its rich heritage and unique brand DNA, kate spade new york offers a distinctive point of view and celebrates communities of women around the globe who live their perfectly imperfect lifestyles. Kate Spade includes global sales of primarily kate spade new york brand products to customers through our DTC, wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 20.0% of total net sales in fiscal 2024. • Stuart Weitzman - Since 1986, New York City based global luxury footwear brand Stuart Weitzman has combined its signature artisanal craftsmanship and precise engineering to empower women to stand strong. Having perfected the art of shoemaking for over 35 years, the brand continues to expand its assortment to feature handbags and men's footwear, all the while staying true to its ethos of inspiring strength and confidence with every step. Stuart Weitzman includes global sales of primarily Stuart Weitzman brand products to customers through our DTC and wholesale businesses. This segment represented 3.6% of total net sales in fiscal 2024. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has certain corporate costs that are not directly attributable to its brands; therefore, they are not allocated to its segments. Such costs primarily include certain overhead expenses related to corporate functions as well as certain administration, corporate occupancy, information technology, and depreciation costs. Refer to Note 17, "Segment Information," for further information about the Company's segments. OUR STRATEGY In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company introduced the 2025 growth strategy, future speed, designed to amplify and extend the competitive advantages of its brands, with a focus on four strategic priorities: • Building Lasting Customer Relationships: The Company's brands aim to leverage Tapestry’s transformed business model to drive customer lifetime value through a combination of increased customer acquisition, retention and reactivation. • Fueling Fashion Innovation & Product Excellence: The Company aims to drive sustained growth in core handbags and small leathergoods, while accelerating gains in footwear and lifestyle products. 2 • Delivering Compelling Experiences: The Company aims to extend its leadership to meet the customer wherever they shop, delivering growth online and in stores. • Powering Global Growth: The Company aims to support balanced growth across regions, prioritizing North America and China, its largest markets, while capitalizing on opportunities in geographies such as Southeast Asia and Europe. DIRECT TO CONSUMER BUSINESS Our DTC business consists of channels that provide us with immediate, controlled access to consumers. This includes retail and outlet stores, brand e-commerce sites as well as concession . revenues were approximately 87% of total net sales in fiscal 2024. • Stores - Our brands operate freestanding retail stores, outlet stores, as well as concession locations. These stores are located in regional shopping centers, metropolitan areas throughout the world and established outlet centers. Variance 2024 vs 2023 2023 vs 2022 Store Count 2024 2023 2022 Amount % Amount % Coach North America 324 330 343 (6) (1.8) % (13) (3.8) % International 606 609 602 (3) (0.5) % 7 1.2 % Total Coach 930 939 945 (9) (1.0) % (6) (0.6) % Kate Spade North America 197 205 207 (8) (3.9) % (2) (1.0) % International 181 192 191 (11) (5.7) % 1 0.5 % Total Kate Spade 378 397 398 (19) (4.8) % (1) (0.3) % Stuart Weitzman North America 34 36 39 (2) (5.6) % (3) (7.7) % International 60 57 61 3 5.3 % (4) (6.6) % Total Stuart Weitzman 94 93 100 1 1.1 % (7) (7.0) % Tapestry North America 555 571 589 (16) (2.8) % (18) (3.1) % International 847 858 854 (11) (1.3) % 4 0.5 % Total Tapestry 1,402 1,429 1,443 (27) (1.9) % (14) (1.0) % 3 Variance 2024 vs 2023 2023 vs 2022 Avg. Square Footage 2024 2023 2022 Amount % Amount % Coach North America 4,905 4,904 4,839 1 — % 65 1.3 % International 2,342 2,294 2,257 48 2.1 % 37 1.6 % Total Coach 3,235 3,211 3,194 24 0.7 % 17 0.5 % Kate Spade North America 2,949 2,876 2,863 73 2.5 % 13 0.5 % International 1,439 1,446 1,441 (7) (0.5) % 5 0.3 % Total Kate Spade 2,226 2,185 2,181 41 1.9 % 4 0.2 % Stuart Weitzman North America 1,938 1,905 1,919 33 1.7 % (14) (0.7) % International 1,338 1,371 1,378 (33) (2.4) % (7) (0.5) % Total Stuart Weitzman 1,555 1,578 1,589 (23) (1.5) % (11) (0.7) % Tapestry North America 4,029 3,987 3,951 42 1.1 % 36 0.9 % International 2,078 2,043 2,012 35 1.7 % 31 1.5 % Total Tapestry 2,850 2,820 2,804 30 1.1 % 16 0.6 % • Digital - We view our digital platform as an instrument to deliver our products to customers directly with the benefit of added accessibility as consumers can purchase our products wherever they choose. We have e-commerce sites in our major markets in the U.S., Canada, Japan, Greater China, several throughout Europe, Australia, and several throughout the rest of Asia. Additionally, we continue to leverage various digital platforms to sell our products to customers. 4 WHOLESALE BUSINESS Our wholesale business primarily includes major department stores, specialty stores, and digital partners. We work closely with our wholesale partners to ensure a clear and consistent product presentation. We enhance our presentation with proprietary brand fixtures within the department store environment in select locations. We custom tailor our assortments through wholesale product planning and allocation processes to match the attributes to the consumers of our wholesale partners in each local market. We continue to closely monitor inventories held by our wholesale customers in an effort to optimize inventory levels across wholesale doors. Wholesale represented approximately 12% of our total net sales for fiscal 2024. As of June 29, 2024, there were no customers who individually accounted for more than 10% of each segment’s total net sales. LICENSING BUSINESS Our brands take an active role in the design process and control the marketing and distribution of products in our worldwide licensing relationships. Our key licensing relationships and their fiscal year expirations as of June 29, 2024 are as follows: Brand Category Partner Fiscal Year Expiration Coach Watches Movado 2025 Coach Eyewear Luxottica 2026 Coach Fragrance Interparfums 2026 Kate Spade Tableware and Housewares Lenox 2025 Kate Spade Sleepwear Komar 2025 Kate Spade Stationery and Gift Lifeguard Press 2026 Kate Spade Tech Accessories 2027 Kate Spade Fragrance Interparfums 2030 Kate Spade Eyewear Safilo 2031 Products made under license are, in most cases, sold through stores and wholesale business channels and, with the Company's approval, the licensees have the right to distribute products selectively through other venues, which provide additional, yet controlled, exposure of our brands. Our licensing partners generally pay royalties on their net sales of our branded products. Such royalties currently comprise approximately 1% of Tapestry's total net sales. The licensing agreements generally give our brands the right to terminate the license if specified sales targets are not achieved. 5 PRODUCTS The following table shows Net sales for each of our product categories by segment: Fiscal Year Ended June 29, 2024 July 1, 2023 July 2, 2022 Amount % of total net sales Amount % of total net sales Amount % of total net sales (millions) Coach Women's Handbags $ 2,495.7 37.5 % $ 2,450.7 36.8 % $ 2,574.8 38.5 % Women's Accessories 1,079.6 16.2 1,024.8 15.4 942.5 14.1 Men's 983.9 14.7 947.1 14.2 904.8 13.5 Other Products 536.1 8.0 537.8 8.1 499.2 7.5 Total Coach $ 5,095.3 76.4 % $ 4,960.4 74.5 % $ 4,921.3 73.6 % Kate Spade Women's Handbags $ 721.0 10.9 % $ 779.6 11.7 % $ 819.5 12.2 % Women's Accessories 316.8 4.7 306.9 4.6 307.0 4.6 Other Products 296.6 4.4 332.4 5.0 319.0 4.8 Total Kate Spade $ 1,334.4 20.0 % $ 1,418.9 21.3 % $ 1,445.5 21.6 % Stuart Weitzman (1) $ 241.5 3.6 % $ 281.6 4.2 % $ 317.7 4.8 % Total Net sales $ 6,671.2 100.0 % $ 6,660.9 100.0 % $ 6,684.5 100.0 % (1) The significant majority of sales for Stuart Weitzman is attributable to women's footwear. • Women’s Handbags — Women’s handbag collections feature classically inspired as well as fashion designs. These collections are designed to meet the fashion and functional requirements of our broad and diverse consumer base. • Women’s Accessories — Women’s accessories include small leather goods which includes mini and micro handbags, money pieces, wristlets, pouches and cosmetic cases. Also included in this category are novelty accessories (including address books, time management accessories, travel accessories, sketchbooks and portfolios), belts, key rings and charms. • Men’s — Men’s includes bag collections (including business cases, computer bags, bags, backpacks and totes), small leather goods (including wallets, card cases, travel organizers and belts), footwear, watches, fragrances, sunglasses, novelty accessories and items. • Other Products — These products primarily include women's footwear, eyewear (such as sunglasses), jewelry (including bracelets, necklaces, rings and earrings), women's fragrances, watches, certain women's seasonal lifestyle apparel collections, including outerwear, and cold weather accessories, such as gloves, scarves and hats. In addition, Kate Spade brand housewares and home accessories, such as fashion bedding and tableware, and stationery and gifts are included in this category. DESIGN AND MERCHANDISING Our creative leaders are responsible for conceptualizing and implementing the design direction for our brands across the consumer touchpoints of product, stores and marketing. At Tapestry, each brand has a dedicated design and merchandising team; this ensures that Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman speak to their customers with a voice and positioning unique to their brand. Designers have access to the brands' extensive archives of product designs, which are a valuable resource for product concepts. Our designers collaborate with strong merchandising teams that analyze sales, market trends and consumer preferences to identify market opportunities that help guide each season's design process and create a globally relevant product assortment. Leveraging our strategic investments that we have made in data and analytics tools, merchandisers are able to gain a deeper understanding of customer behavior which empowers our teams to respond to changes in consumer preferences and demand as well as scale opportunities across brands with greater speed and efficiency. Our merchandising teams are committed to managing the product life cycle to maximize sales and profitability across all business channels. The product category teams, each comprised of design, merchandising, product development and sourcing specialists, help each brand execute design concepts that are consistent with the brand's strategic direction. 6 Our design and merchandising teams also work in close collaboration with all of our licensing partners to ensure that the licensed products are conceptualized and designed to address the intended market opportunity and convey the distinctive perspective and lifestyle associated with our brands. MARKETING We use a 360-degree approach to marketing for each of our brands, synchronizing our efforts across all business channels to ensure consistency at every touchpoint. Our global marketing strategy is to deliver a consistent, relevant and message every time the consumer comes in contact with our brands through our communications and visual merchandising. Each brand's distinctive positioning is communicated by our creative marketing, visual merchandising and public relations teams, as well as outside creative agencies. We also have a sophisticated consumer and market research capability, which helps us assess consumer attitudes and trends. We engage in several consumer communication initiatives globally, including direct marketing activities at a national, regional and local level. Total expenses attributable to the Company's activities in fiscal 2024 were $616.8 million, representing over 9% of net sales, compared to $570.7 million in fiscal 2023, representing less than 9% of net sales. Our wide range of marketing activities utilize a variety of media, including digital, social, print and . Our respective brand websites serve as effective communication vehicles by providing an immersive brand experience, showcasing the fullest expression across all product categories. As part of our direct marketing strategy, we use databases of consumers to generate personalized communications in direct channels such as email and text messages to drive engagement and build awareness. Email contacts are an important part of our communication and are sent to selected consumers to stimulate consumer purchases and build brand awareness. Visitors to our e-commerce sites provide an opportunity to increase the size of these consumer databases, in addition to serving as a point of transactions globally, except where restricted. The Company has several regional informational websites for locations where we have not established an e-commerce presence. The Company utilizes and continues to explore digital technologies such as social media websites as a consumer communication opportunity to increase and store sales, acquire new customers and build brand awareness. MANUFACTURING Tapestry carefully balances its commitments to a limited number of “better brand” partners that have demonstrated integrity, quality and reliable delivery. The Company continues to evaluate new manufacturing sources and geographies to deliver high quality products at competitive costs and to mitigate the impact of manufacturing in inflationary markets. Our raw material suppliers, independent manufacturers and licensing partners must achieve and maintain high quality standards, which are an integral part of our brands' identity. Before directly partnering with a new manufacturing vendor for finished goods, the Company evaluates each facility by conducting a quality, business practice standards and social compliance review. We expect finished good manufacturers to undergo a social compliance audit before being approved as a Tapestry supplier. Manufacturers working with our licensed partners are expected to have had an acceptable social compliance audit conducted within the prior six months of their onboarding date. Suppliers that fail to meet our standards are not approved until an acceptable report is provided. We also conduct periodic evaluations of existing, previously approved finished good suppliers. We believe that our manufacturing partners are in material compliance with the Company’s integrity standards. These independent manufacturers each or in aggregate support a broad mix of product types, materials and a seasonal influx of new, styles, which allows us to meet shifts in marketplace demand and changes in consumer preferences. We have longstanding relationships with purveyors of fine leathers and hardware. Although our products are manufactured by independent manufacturers, we maintain a strong level of oversight in the selection of key raw materials and compliance with quality control standards is monitored through quality inspections at independent manufacturing facilities. We maintain strong oversight of the supply chain process for each of our brands from design through manufacturing. We are able to do this by maintaining sourcing management offices in Vietnam, mainland China, the Philippines, Cambodia and Spain that work closely with our independent manufacturers. This , global manufacturing strategy is designed to optimize the mix of cost, lead times and construction capabilities. During fiscal 2024, manufacturers of Coach products were primarily located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and India and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. During fiscal 2024, Kate Spade products were manufactured primarily in Vietnam, Cambodia, mainland China, and the Philippines and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. Stuart Weitzman products were primarily manufactured in 7 Spain. During fiscal 2024, Stuart Weitzman had two vendors, both located in Spain, who individually provided over 10% of the brand's total units (approximately 23% across both, in the aggregate). FULFILLMENT The Company’s distribution network is designed to support the movement of each brand's products from our manufacturers to fulfillment centers around the world. These fulfillment centers are either directly operated by the Company or by independent third parties, some of which support multiple brands. Our facilities use bar code scanning warehouse management systems, where our fulfillment center employees use handheld scanners to read product bar codes. This allows for accurate storage and order processing and allows us to provide excellent service to our customers. These facilities are also integrated into our Enterprise Resource Planning system, ensuring accurate inventory reporting. Our products are primarily shipped to retail stores, wholesale customers and e-commerce customers. In North America, we maintain fulfillment centers in Florida, Nevada and Ohio, operated by Tapestry. The Company also has facilities in Canada and Mexico. Globally, we utilize regional fulfillment centers in mainland China, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Spain, owned and operated by third parties, that support multiple countries. We also utilize local fulfillment centers, through in Japan, parts of Greater China, South Korea, Malaysia, Spain, the U.K., Canada and Australia. INFORMATION SYSTEMS The Company’s information systems are integral in supporting the Company’s strategies. Our information technology platform is a key capability used to support digital growth and drive consumer centricity and decision making. We are continually enhancing our digital technology platforms to elevate our e-commerce capabilities, functionalities, and overall experience, by utilizing technology infrastructure. For example, we will continue to enhance certain of our machine learning models to improve our customer capture and segmentation capabilities. The Company utilizes a cloud based digital platform which connects our customer shopping sites, Order Management Systems, Point of Sale systems, and product management systems into one platform with a shared codebase. This platform allows us to be a more dynamic and responsive company providing service to our customers from all brands across North America, Europe and Japan. Refer to Part I, Item 1C, "Cybersecurity" for further information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Tapestry owns COACH, KATE SPADE and STUART WEITZMAN, as well as all of the material trademark, design and related to the production, marketing, distribution and sale of our products in the United States and other countries in which our products are principally sold. In addition, the Company licenses trademarks and copyrights used in connection with the production, marketing and distribution of certain categories of goods and limited edition collaborations. Tapestry also owns and maintains registrations in countries around the world for trademarks in relevant classes of products and services. In addition, Tapestry owns trade dress, copyrights, design patents and utility patents for its brands' product designs. Tapestry aggressively polices its intellectual property and pursues infringers both domestically and internationally. The Company pursues counterfeiters through leads generated internally, as well as through its network of investigators, law enforcement and customs officials, the respective online reporting form for each brand, the Tapestry hotline and business partners around the world. SEASONALITY The Company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. During the first fiscal quarter, we typically build inventory for the winter and holiday season. In the second fiscal quarter, working capital requirements are reduced substantially as we generate higher net sales and operating income, especially during the holiday season. Fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the Company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including weather and macroeconomic events, such as pandemic diseases. 8 PANDEMIC The pandemic has resulted in varying degrees of business disruption for the Company since it began in fiscal 2020 and has impacted all regions around the world, resulting in restrictions and shutdowns implemented by national, state and local authorities. Such disruptions persisted into the beginning of fiscal 2023, and the Company's results in Greater China (mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan) were adversely impacted as a result of the pandemic. Towards the end of the first half of fiscal 2023, certain government restrictions were lifted in the region and business trends improved. During fiscal 2024, the pandemic did not materially impact our business or operating results. The Company continues to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic and potential impacts on our business, operating results and outlook. GOVERNMENT REGULATION Most of the Company's imported products are subject to duties, indirect taxes, quotas and trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that we may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products. The Company is not materially restricted by quotas or other government restrictions in the operation of its business; however, customs duties do represent a component of total product cost. To maximize opportunities, the Company operates complex supply chains through foreign trade zones, bonded logistic parks and other strategic initiatives such as free trade agreements. Additionally, the Company operates a direct import business in many countries worldwide. As a result, the Company is subject to stringent government regulations and restrictions, adding significant complexity with respect to its activity either by the various customs and border protection agencies or by other government agencies which control the quality, safety and sustainability of the Company’s products. The Company maintains an internal global trade, customs and product compliance organization to help manage its import/export and regulatory affairs activity. COMPETITION The Company faces intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets that we participate. In varying degrees, depending on the product category involved, we compete on the basis of style, price, customer service, quality, brand prestige and recognition, among others. Over the last decade, these brands have grown and are expected to continue to grow, encouraging the entry of new competitors as well as increasing the competition from existing competitors. This increased competition drives interest in these brand loyal categories. We believe, however, that we have significant competitive advantages because of the recognition and the acceptance of our brands by consumers and the power of our information technology platform. 9 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY As a and purpose led Company, Tapestry believes that a future is one that is both beautiful and responsible. Our Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (“ESG”) strategy, the Fabric of Change , aims to unite teams across the Company’s business to work to meet our Corporate Responsibility Goals ("ESG Goals") and a shared objective: to create a company of the future that balances true fashion authority with meaningful, positive change. The Fabric of Change focuses on four pillars: Power of Our People, Sustain the Planet, Uplift Our Communities and Create Products with Care. • Power of Our People: ◦ We aim to foster a culture of purpose and fulfillment at Tapestry by embedding Equity, Inclusion and Diversity (“EI&D") throughout our organization and attracting and retaining talent with a compelling and engaging employee experience. ◦ We have set goals focused on building diversity in our leadership team, reducing differences in our employee survey results based on gender and ethnicity, focusing on progression and establishing core wellness standards to enable our employees to manage their work and personal lives. ◦ We tie 10% of leadership annual incentive plan compensation to EI&D goals on a global basis level. • Sustain the Planet: ◦ We aim to sustain and restore our planet through continuous innovation in solutions that improve biodiversity and reduce our impact on climate change with a focus on renewable energy, increased use of environmentally preferred materials and production methods and circular business models that design out waste and pollution, keep products in use and restore natural systems. ◦ We have set goals focused on utilizing 100% renewable energy in our own operations globally, reducing waste in our corporate and fulfillment centers and minimizing water use across our company and supply chain. We also have greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions reduction targets for Scope 1, 2, 3 and Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture that have been validated by Science Based Targets initiative. • Uplift Our Communities: ◦ We aim to empower the communities where our employees live and work, and provide the resources and capacity needed to support supply chain partners in the regions where we operate. ◦ We have set goals focused on volunteer service hours completed by our employees around the world, financial and product donations to nonprofit organizations globally, and ensuring people working in the factories crafting our products will have access to empowerment programs during the workday. • Create Products with Care: ◦ We aim to increase the use of innovative materials and focus on production methods that design out waste and pollution, keep products in use and restore natural systems. ◦ We have set goals focused on tracing and mapping our raw materials, increasing the recycled content in our consumer packaging and targets to increase the uptake of sourcing environmentally preferred materials. The Company’s ESG and corporate responsibility strategy, including oversight, management and identification of risks, is ultimately governed by the Board of Directors (the "Board") and overseen by an ESG Steering Committee, which is comprised of members of our executive leadership team, and driven by an ESG Task Force, comprised of senior leaders and members from major business functions. The Board approves sustainability goals, strategic moves or major plans of action and receives updates at least annually. Tapestry's Governance and Nominations Committee of the Board receives quarterly updates on sustainability strategy, including topics, progress towards the ESG goals and other ESG related initiatives. Additional information on the Fabric of Change and ESG Goals can be found at www.tapestry.com/responsibility. The content on this website and the content in our corporate responsibility reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. HUMAN CAPITAL At Tapestry, being true to yourself is core to who we are. When each of us brings our individuality to our collective ambition, our creativity is unleashed. This global house of brands was built by unconventional entrepreneurs and unexpected solutions, so when we say we believe in dreams, we mean we believe in making them happen. 10 Where differences intersect, new thinking emerges. We cultivate a place for people who are both warm and rigorous, work that is both challenging and fun and a culture led by both head and heart. Most of all, we bring together the unique spirits of our people and our brands and give them a place to move their work and our industry forward. We believe that difference sparks brilliance, so we welcome people and ideas from everywhere to join us in stretching what’s possible. Governance and Oversight Our Board and its committees provide governance and oversight of the Company's strategy, including over issues of human capital management. The Board has designated the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the “HR Committee”) as the primary committee responsible for the Company’s human capital strategy, overseeing executive compensation programs, performance and talent development, succession planning, engagement and regular review of employee benefits and strategies. Together with the Board, the HR Committee also provides oversight of the Company’s EI&D strategies. The full Board and the HR Committee receive quarterly updates on the Company’s talent development strategies and other applicable areas of human capital management. Unlocking the power of our people is a key strategic focus area for the Company, supported by significant engagement from the Company’s senior leadership on talent development and human capital management, as reflected in the key programs and focus areas described below. Employees As of June 29, 2024, the Company employed approximately 18,600 employees globally. Of these employees, approximately 14,700 employees worked in retail locations, of which 6,100 were employees. This total excludes seasonal and temporary employees that the Company employs, particularly during the second quarter due to the holiday season. The Company believes that its relations with its employees are good and has never encountered a strike or work stoppage. Equity, Inclusion and Diversity Our company name Tapestry, represents the diversity of our brands and the diversity of our people. We believe that having a diverse range of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences makes us more innovative and successful and brings us closer to our consumer. Our goal is to create a culture that is equitable, inclusive and diverse, where all of our employees, customers and stakeholders thrive. Our EI&D strategy is grounded in our purpose and values and is a core element to unlocking the power of our people. To support these actions, we are guided by four interconnected principles: • Talent: Attracting, retaining and growing top talent - making us an employer of choice in a rapidly evolving talent marketplace. • Culture: Fostering a culture of inclusion and belonging, where people and ideas from everywhere are welcomed. • Community: Nurturing the vibrancy of the communities in which we live and work to advance equity, opportunity and dignity for all. • Marketplace: Embracing our responsibility in the marketplace as a global fashion company. We are committed to affecting positive change for our industry and deliver on our value proposition to stakeholders - consumers, investors and vendor partners. Our global EI&D Champion Network supports and engages our professional community by creating an environment where all are welcomed. This network includes our six employee business resource groups, three task forces and regional inclusion councils to support and engage our employees. Additionally, we believe educating our employees is crucial in achieving our EI&D goals. We have curated a catalogue of learning and development content, tools and resources, including bespoke programs to accommodate our dynamic employee population. Furthermore, the Company has focused on providing employees with resources to foster continuing education and conversation on EI&D through 'Tapestry UNSCRIPTED', which is an internal speaker series for our employees designed to bring our values to life. We feel hosting bold conversations about our values provides an opportunity for us to be inspired, discover ideas, and ignite personal passions. 11 Tapestry is committed to the support of historically excluded and marginalized groups through our corporate efforts. We are a member of the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion, the largest business coalition committed to advancing diversity and inclusion. Our focus on fostering an equitable work environment has led to continued recognition from Forbes on the list of “Best Employers for Diversity”, a top scoring company on the Disability Equality Index and the Human Rights Campaign’s list of “Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality”. In 2024, we were recognized by Civic 50 as one of the 50 Most Companies. Additionally, we have been certified as a "Great Place to Work" for 2024. The Company is dedicated to building a workforce with leadership teams better reflecting the customers we serve and the communities in which we operate. The Company monitors the representation of women and racial or ethnic minorities at different levels throughout the Company, and discloses this information on our website at www.tapestry.com/responsibility/ . Total Rewards Tapestry is dedicated to being a place where our employees love to work, where they feel recognized and rewarded for all that they do. Maintaining a competitive total compensation program helps us attract, motivate and retain the key talent we need to achieve outstanding business and financial results. To accomplish this goal, we strive to appropriately align our total compensation with the pay, benefits and rewards offered by companies that compete with us for talent in the marketplace. Our Total Compensation Program includes cash pay, annual and incentives, benefits and other special programs that our employees value. We strive to pay each employee fairly and competitively across our brands. Tapestry's primary compensation principle is to "pay for performance." Tapestry's practice is to pay a competitive base salary and to provide corporate employees with the opportunity to earn an annual bonus tied to Tapestry's and its brands' financial performance, and to provide store employees with the opportunity to earn sales incentives. Approximately 2,400 of our employees, including nearly all of our store managers, received an annual equity award in 2024, which aligns employee interests with those of our stockholders, rewards employees for enhancing stockholder value and supports retention of key employees. Our benefits package is designed to be competitive and comprehensive, which varies by location and jurisdiction. Our benefits, along with competitive pay, include medical benefits and paid wellness days for directly hired and employees. Additionally, we offer parental leave for directly hired employees. The Company also offers retirement benefits for all employees. To support employees in achieving their career and financial goals, the Company also provides access to learning opportunities on personal finances, as well as physical and mental wellness, through various platforms based on the location of the employee. Talent Acquisition and Development Hiring talented employees is critically important to us, as we consider our employees around the world to be our greatest asset. Our recruitment and sourcing strategy focuses on tapping diverse sources to attract the best talent to our organization and then retaining them through our continued investments in resources that provide our employees with the tools for career advancement. Our internal opportunity program encourages employees to stretch themselves in their career development, aligning their capabilities with career interests and goals. We strive to provide a working environment where our people can grow and progress their careers within the Company. We are committed to helping our employees develop the knowledge, skills and abilities needed for continued success and encourage employee development at all levels and every career stage. Our development programs enable individual and team success through targeted initiatives and resources, offering a curriculum focused on professional and leadership development for leaders, managers and individual contributors, including through our People Management Program, Emerging Leaders Program, Leader Transition Acceleration Program and learning platforms, in addition to other trainings and education facilitated through the Company for all employees. As a company, performance management is critical to our ability to reach our goals and foster a culture of success. By having a dynamic, performance-driven culture, we can achieve greater results, maximize employee, manager and team performance and offer exciting development and career opportunities. As our focus extends beyond the performance of our employees to the performance of our Company as a whole, we have mechanisms in place to facilitate comprehensive upward feedback through robust feedback tools and a cadence of regular pulse surveys that inform on how we can continue to strive for excellence in our work culture. At Tapestry, we are committed to providing a safe working environment for our people, as well as supporting our people in achieving and maintaining their health and goals. integration is top of mind, and we provide resources and benefits to help achieve this balance. We provide our employees with supplemental resources to achieve wellness such as access to our Employee Assistance Program, regular employee programming and subscriptions to Headspace, a smartphone application dedicated to meditation and mindfulness. In fiscal year 2024, the Company established an Associate Relief Fund, which provides emergency assistance for events considered a disaster or hardship. 12 At Tapestry, we believe in encouraging and empowering our employees to take part in building a welcoming and inclusive community. We provide all employees with supplemental to perform community service through nonprofits of their personal choice and through team and Company sponsored volunteering events. In our commitment to supporting our communities, we have three foundations which provide monetary support to nonprofit organizations across communities that we are a part of. Additionally, on an annual basis, our foundations match up to $10,000, per eligible employee, in donations to eligible in North America. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS Refer to Note 4, "Revenue," and Note 17, "Segment Information," presented in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for geographic information. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our investor website, located at www.tapestry.com/investors under the caption “SEC Filings,” as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are also available on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. No information contained on any of our websites is intended to be included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company has included the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") certifications regarding its public disclosure required by Section 302 of the Act of 2002 as Exhibits 31.1 and 32.1 and Exhibits 31.2 and 32.2, respectively to this Form 10-K. 13 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully all of the information set forth or incorporated by reference in this document and, in particular, the following risk factors associated with the business of the Company and information in this document. Please also see “Special Note on Information” at the beginning of this report. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. If any of the risks below actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic conditions, such as an economic recession, downturn, periods of inflation or uncertainty, could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and consumer purchases of discretionary items. Our results can be impacted by a number of macroeconomic factors, including but not limited to: consumer confidence and spending levels, tax rates, levels of unemployment, consumer credit availability, pandemics, natural disasters, raw material costs, fuel and energy costs, bank failures, market volatility, global factory production, supply chain operations, commercial real estate market conditions, credit market conditions and the level of customer traffic in malls, shopping centers and online. Many of our products can be considered discretionary items for consumers. Demand for our products, and consumer spending in the handbag, footwear and accessories categories generally is or may be significantly impacted by trends in consumer confidence, general economic and business conditions, high levels of unemployment, periods of inflation, health pandemics, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, the availability of consumer credit and taxation. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as the Company's products, tend to decline during recessionary periods or periods of sustained high unemployment when disposable income is lower. Unfavorable economic conditions may also reduce consumers’ willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores are located. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Risks Related to our Business and our Industry We face risks associated with operating in international markets. We operate on a global basis, with approximately 40.8% of our net sales coming from operations outside of United States for fiscal year 2024. While geographic diversity helps to reduce the Company’s exposure to risks in any one country, we are subject to risks associated with international operations, including, but not limited to: • political or economic instability or changing macroeconomic conditions in our major markets, including the potential impact of (1) new policies that may be implemented by the U.S. or other jurisdictions, particularly with respect to tax and trade policies, (2) the outcome of several elections worldwide, inclusive of the 2024 U.S. Presidential, congressional, and state elections and policy shifts resulting from those elections, and (3) sanctions and related activities by the United States, European Union (“E.U.”) and others; • public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemic diseases; • changes to the U.S.'s participation in, withdrawal out of, renegotiation of certain international trade agreements or other major trade related issues, including the of expiring favorable tariffs granted to developing countries, tariff quotas and retaliatory tariffs, trade sanctions, new or onerous trade restrictions, embargoes and other stringent government controls; • changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may adversely affect the retail prices of our products, result in decreased international consumer demand, or increase our supply costs in those markets, with a corresponding negative impact on our gross margin rates; • compliance with laws relating to foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act and other global laws, which in general concern the bribery of foreign public officials and other regulations and requirements; • changes in tourist shopping patterns and consumer behavior, particularly that of the Chinese consumer; • geopolitical instability (such as the uncertainty in U.S.-China relations); • natural and other disasters; • political, civil and social unrest; and 14 • changes in legal and regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to safeguard measures, duties, cargo restrictions to prevent terrorism, restrictions on the transfer of currency, climate change and other environmental legislation, product safety regulations or other charges or restrictions. Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities. As a Company engaged in sourcing on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including, but not limited to: • continued disruptions or delays in shipments whether due to port congestion, logistics carrier disruption (including as a result of labor disputes), militant attacks on commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea, other shipping capacity constraints or other factors, which has and may continue to result in significantly increased inbound freight costs and increased times; • loss or disruption of key manufacturing or fulfillment sites or extended closure of such sites due to unexpected factors; • imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges or restrictions on imports or exports; • unavailability, or significant fluctuations in the cost, of raw materials; • compliance by us and our independent manufacturers and suppliers with labor laws and other foreign governmental regulations; • increases in the cost of labor, fuel (including volatility in the price of oil), travel and transportation; • compliance with our Global Business Integrity Program; • compliance by our independent manufacturers and suppliers with our Supplier Code of Conduct, social auditing procedures and requirements and other applicable compliance policies; • compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. laws regarding the identification and reporting on the use of “conflict minerals” sourced from the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Company’s products, other laws and regulations regarding the sourcing of materials in the Company’s products, the FCPA, U.K. Bribery Act and other global laws, as applicable, and other U.S. and international regulations and requirements; • regulation or prohibition of the transaction of business with specific individuals or entities and their affiliates or goods manufactured in certain regions by any government or regulatory authority in the jurisdictions where we conduct business, such as the listing of a person or entity as a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (“UFLPA”); • inability to engage new independent manufacturers that meet the Company’s sourcing model; • product quality issues; • political unrest, protests and other civil disruption; • public health crises, such as pandemic and epidemic diseases, and other unforeseen outbreaks; • natural disasters or other extreme weather events, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; and • acts of war or terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. We are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions and citizenship requirements. Compliance with these laws may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation. In addition, we require our independent manufacturers and suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as our Supplier Code of Conduct and other compliance policies under our Global Business Integrity Program; however, we do not control these manufacturers or suppliers or their labor, environmental or other business practices. Copies of our Global Business Integrity Program documents, including our Global Operating Principles, Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct are available through our website, www.tapestry.com. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by an independent manufacturer or supplier, or divergence of an independent manufacturer’s or supplier’s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of our products, harm our trademarks or damage our reputation. In addition, if there is negative publicity regarding the production methods of any of our suppliers or manufacturers, even if unfounded or not specific to our supply chain, our reputation and sales could be adversely affected, we could be subject to legal liability, or could cause us to contract with alternative suppliers or manufacturing sources. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 15 Public health crises, such as the pandemic, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Widespread public health crises, such as the pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, a negative impact on our operations, cash flow and liquidity. Potential risks to our business include but are not limited to: (i) disruption of our supply chain; (ii) loss or disruption of key manufacturing or fulfillment sites; (iii) closures, operating restrictions and capacity restrictions at our stores and our ability to negotiate existing lease agreements; (iv) changes in consumer shopping behavior, including reduced discretionary spending; (v) costs associated with adhering to regulations and protecting the health and safety of our employees and customers, (vi) excess inventory leading to increased promotional activity, (vii) heightened competition for retail and fulfillment center employees, (viii) our ability access capital markets and to make payments on and refinance our debt obligations; and (ix) our ability to pay dividends or conduct stock repurchases. A decline in the volume of traffic to our stores could have a negative impact on our net sales. The success of our retail stores located within malls and shopping centers may be impacted by (i) changes in consumer shopping behavior and store closures; (ii) reduced travel resulting from economic conditions (including a recession or inflationary pressures); (iii) the location of the store within the mall or shopping center; (iv) surrounding tenants or vacancies; (v) increased competition in areas where malls or shopping centers are located; (vi) the amount spent on advertising and promotion to attract consumers to the mall; and (vii) a shift towards online shopping resulting in a decrease in store traffic. Declines in consumer traffic could have a negative impact on our net sales and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, declines in traffic could result in store impairment charges if expected future cash flows of the related asset group do not exceed the carrying value. The growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our growth strategies, including our global expansion efforts and our ability to execute our digital and e-commerce priorities. Our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, as well as the successful design, introduction of new products and maintaining an appropriate rationalization of our assortment. Our ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate and respond to consumer preferences and fashion trends. See “ The success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value of our brands and to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner.” The failure to develop and launch successful new products or to rationalize our assortment appropriately could hinder the growth of our business. Also, any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in our company not being the first to bring product to market, which could compromise our competitive position. Our success and growth also depends on the continued development of our presence for each of our brands globally, leaning into global digital opportunities for each brand, along with continued bricks and mortar expansion in select international regions. With respect to international expansion, our brands may not be or widely sold in some of these markets, and we may have limited experience operating directly or working with our partners there. In addition, some of these markets, either through bricks and mortar stores or digital channels, have different operational characteristics, including but not limited to employment and labor, privacy, transportation, logistics, real estate, environmental regulations and local reporting or legal requirements. We aim to provide a seamless experience to our customers regardless of whether they are shopping in stores or engaging with our brands through digital technology, such as computers, mobile phones, tablets or other devices. This requires investment in new technologies and reliance on digital partners, over which we may have limited control. Additionally, our digital business is subject to numerous risks that could adversely impact our results, including (i) a diversion of sales from our brand stores or wholesale customers, (ii) difficulty in recreating the experience through digital channels, (iii) liability for online content, (iv) changing dynamics within the digital marketing environment and our ability to effectively market to consumers, (v) intense competition from online retailers, and (vi) the ability to provide timely delivery of e-commerce purchases, which is dependent on the capacity and operations of our owned and operated fulfillment facilities. See “ Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities” for additional risks related to our fulfillment networks. If we are unable to effectively execute our e-commerce and digital strategies and provide reliable experiences for our customers across all business channels, our reputation and ability to compete with other brands could suffer, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ in these countries, and as a result, sales of our product may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. Further, expanding in certain markets may have upfront investment costs that may not be accompanied by sufficient revenues to achieve typical or expected operational and financial performance and therefore may be dilutive to our brands in the . We may also have to compete for talent in international regions as we expand our presence. 16 Consequently, if our global expansion plans are unsuccessful, or we are unable to retain and/or attract key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely affected. The successful implementation of the Company’s 2025 growth strategy, future speed , is key to the success of our business. The Company introduced its 2025 growth strategy, future speed, in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, which is designed to amplify and extend the competitive advantages of the brands, with a focus on four strategic priorities: (i) Building Lasting Customer Relationships; (ii) Fueling Fashion Innovation & Product Excellence; (iii) Delivering Compelling Experiences; and (iv) Powering Global Growth. The Company believes that its intentional focus positions Tapestry to drive sustainable, profitable growth to create value for its stakeholders over time. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain such efforts in accordance with our plans, that such efforts will result in the intended or otherwise desirable outcomes or that such efforts, even if successfully sustained, will be effective in achieving growth or increased profitability. Refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further information regarding future speed . If our incorporation of the initiatives under future speed falls short, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely affected. Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business. We face intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets that we participate, which include the Company's wholesale customers. Competition is based on a number of factors, including, without limitation, the following: • our competitors may develop new products or product categories that are more popular with our customers; • anticipating and responding in a timely fashion to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and shopping; • maintaining strong brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; • recruiting and retaining key talent; • developing and producing innovative, products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to a diverse group of consumers; • competitively pricing our products and creating an acceptable value proposition for consumers, including price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures while simultaneously balancing the risk of lower consumer demand in response to any such price increases; • providing strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; • providing attractive, reliable, secure, and digital commerce sites; • sourcing sustainable raw materials at prices; • ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain efficiencies with suppliers and retailers; • protecting our trademarks and design patents; • adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; and • the ability to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. A failure to compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing consumer preferences and technology and product trends could adversely affect our growth and profitability. The success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value of our brands and to respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner. Each of our brands are unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by distinctive products and differentiated customer experiences across business channels and geographies. Any misstep in product quality or design, executive leadership, customer service, marketing, unfavorable publicity or excessive product discounting could negatively affect the image of our brands with our customers. Furthermore, the product lines we have historically marketed and those that we plan to market in the future are becoming increasingly subject to rapidly changing fashion trends 17 and consumer preferences, including the increasing shift to digital brand engagement and social media communication. If we do not anticipate and respond promptly to changing customer preferences and fashion trends in the design, production, and styling of our products, as well as create compelling marketing campaigns that appeal to our customers, our sales and results of operations may be negatively impacted. The shift towards digital engagement has become increasingly important, with increased use of social media platforms by our brand representatives, influencers and our employees. Actions taken by our partners on social media that do not show our brands in a manner consistent with our desired image or that are damaging to such partner’s reputation, whether or not through our brand social media platforms, could harm our brand reputation and materially impact our business. Our success also depends in part on our and our executive leadership team's ability to execute on our plans and strategies. Even if our products, marketing campaigns and retail environments do meet changing customer preferences and/or stay ahead of changing fashion trends, our brand image could become tarnished or undesirable in the minds of our customers or target markets, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including key personnel. Our business and future success depends heavily on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including our senior management team. Competition in our industry to attract and retain these employees is intense and is influenced by our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, employee morale, our reputation, recruitment by other employers, perceived internal opportunities, and agreements and macro unemployment rates. We depend on the guidance of our senior management team and other key employees who have significant experience and expertise in our industry and our operations. There can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or that we will be able to identify and attract suitable successors for these individuals. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the direct or indirect consequences of results thereof, or any negative public perception with respect to these individuals or the loss of these individuals, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain or similar life insurance policies on any of senior management team or other key personnel. We must also attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified retail and fulfillment center employees. Historically, competition for talent in these positions has been intense and turnover is generally high. If we are unable to attract and retain such employees with the necessary skills and experience, we may not achieve our objectives and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, changes to our office environments, the adoption of new work models, and our requirements and/or expectations about when or how often certain employees work or remotely may not meet the expectations of our employees. As businesses increasingly operate remotely, traditional geographic competition for talent may change in ways that we cannot presently predict. If our employment proposition is not perceived as favorable compared to other companies, it could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain our employees. In order to consummate the Capri Acquisition (as defined below), we and Capri must obtain certain regulatory approvals and satisfy closing conditions, and if such approvals are not granted or are granted untimely and/or with conditions, and if closing conditions are not satisfied, consummation of the Capri Acquisition may be jeopardized or the anticipated benefits of the Capri Acquisition may not be realized. On August 10, 2023, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among us, Capri and Sunrise Merger Sub, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), pursuant to which we agreed to acquire any and all of Capri’s ordinary shares (other than (a) Capri’s ordinary shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the acquisition that are owned or held in treasury by us or by Capri or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries and (b) Capri’s ordinary shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the acquisition that are held by holders who have properly exercised dissenters’ rights in accordance with, and who have complied with, Section 179 of the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (as amended) of the British Virgin Islands) in cash at a purchase price of $57.00 per share, without interest, subject to any required tax (the "Capri Acquisition"). The consummation of the Capri Acquisition remains subject to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. Subject to limited exceptions, we or Capri may terminate the Merger Agreement if the Capri Acquisition is not consummated on or before August 10, 2024, subject to two extensions of up to three months each in certain circumstances, including to obtain required regulatory approvals. On April 22, 2024, the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") filed a preliminary injunction action against Tapestry and Capri in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking to enjoin the consummation of the Capri Acquisition. The FTC’s action alleges that the Capri Acquisition, if consummated, would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Act and that the Merger Agreement and the Capri Acquisition constitute unfair methods of competition in violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and should be enjoined. 18 There can be no assurance as to the outcome of litigation with the FTC or that we will receive regulatory approval from the FTC on a timely basis or at all, and there can be no assurance that if regulatory clearance is obtained, it will not be subject to the compliance of certain conditions or impose limitations, obligations or restrictions that could have the direct or indirect effect of delaying or preventing the completion of the Capri Acquisition, imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting our revenues following the Capri Acquisition or otherwise reducing the anticipated benefits of the Capri Acquisition, or resulting in the abandonment of the Capri Acquisition. If the Capri Acquisition is not completed on a timely basis or at all, our ongoing business may be adversely affected as follows: • we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including investors and rating agencies, and the price of our common stock could decline; • we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, expenses and fees, in connection with the Capri Acquisition and the transactions contemplated by the Capri Acquisition, for which we may receive little or no benefit if the Capri Acquisition is not completed, including in connection with the issuance and mandatory redemption of $4.50 billion of Capri Acquisition USD Senior Notes and €1.50 billion of Capri Acquisition EUR Senior Notes (both as defined below) at 101% of par value if the Capri Acquisition is not completed by February 10, 2025 (or such later date mutually agreed between us and Capri); • investor and consumer confidence in our business could decline, relationships with vendors, service providers, investors and other third parties may be adversely impacted, and we may be unable to retain key personnel; • we may be subject to litigation, which could result in significant costs and expenses; • management’s focus may be diverted from business operations and pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to us; and • the anticipated benefits of the Capri Acquisition could be delayed or reduced. Mergers, acquisitions and other strategic investments may not be successful in achieving intended benefits, cost savings and synergies and may disrupt current operations. One component of our historical growth strategy has been acquisitions, and, consistent with our capital allocation priorities, our management team expects to maintain M&A flexibility and may from time to time evaluate and consider acquisitions or other strategic investments. These involve various inherent risks and as a result, the expected benefits, cost savings and synergies may not be realized. The integration process of any newly acquired company, such as our proposed Capri Acquisition, may be complex, costly and . The potential difficulties of integrating the operations of an acquired business and realizing our expectations for an acquisition, including the benefits that may be realized, include, among other things: • failure of the business to perform as planned following the acquisition or achieve anticipated revenue, cash flow or profitability targets; • delays, unexpected costs or difficulties in completing the acquisition or integration of acquired companies or assets, including as a result of regulatory challenges; • higher than expected costs, lower than expected cost savings or synergies and/or a need to allocate resources to manage unexpected operating difficulties; • difficulties assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations; • diversion of the attention and resources of management or other disruptions to current operations; • the impact on our or an acquired business’ internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Act of 2002; • changes in applicable laws and regulations or the application of new laws and regulations; • changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators; • failures or delays in receiving the necessary approvals by the relevant regulators and authorities; • retaining key customers, suppliers and employees; • retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; • operating risks inherent in the acquired business and our business; 19 • lower than anticipated demand for product offerings by us or our licensees; • assumption of liabilities not identified in due diligence; and • other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, including as a result of regulatory challenges, and any adverse consequences associated with future acquisition activities, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if the integration of any acquired business is successfully completed, the full expected benefits and synergies of the acquisition may not be realized. Additional unanticipated costs, which could be material, may also be incurred in the integration of our business and the acquired business. Additionally, the full benefits of an acquisition may not be realized if the combined business does not perform as expected or demand for the combined company’s services does not meet our expectations. Completed acquisitions may result in additional goodwill and/or an increase in other intangible assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are required annually, or as facts and circumstances exist, to assess goodwill and other intangible assets to determine if impairment has occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the fair value of other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any potential future impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our business may be materially impacted if our fulfillment centers face significant interruptions and operations. We are dependent on a limited number of fulfillment centers. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers and our retail stores and e-commerce sites depends on the proper operation of these centers. If any of these centers were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including as a result of accidents, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemic diseases, labor shortages and other unforeseen events and circumstances, we could suffer a substantial loss of inventory and/or disruptions of deliveries to our retail and wholesale customers. Depending on the duration of these closures, our results may be materially impacted. While we have business continuity and contingency plans for our sourc

[truncated]