Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 53 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 53 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 53 Item 9B. Other Information 54 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 54 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 55 Item 11. Executive Compensation 55 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 55 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 55 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 55 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 56 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 59 Signatures 60 i SPECIAL NOTE ON INFORMATION This document, and the documents incorporated by reference in this document, our press releases and oral statements made from time to time by us or on our behalf, may contain certain " statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are based on management's current expectations, that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our current expectations. In this context, statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as "may," "can," "could," "if," "continue," "projection," "assumption," "should," "expect," "goal," “target,” "trend," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "future," "plan," "potential," "position," "build," "fuel," "deliver," "ignite," "aim," "believe," "seek," "will," "would," "uncertain," "achieve," "growth," "forecast," "outlook," "commit," "innovation," "drive," "leverage," "generate," “lead,” “sustain,” “accelerate,” “ ,” "Amplify," “2028 growth strategy,” "we stretch what’s possible," similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. Such statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If such risks or uncertainties materialize or such assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Tapestry, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed statements. Tapestry, Inc. assumes no obligation to revise or update any such statements for any reason, except as required by law. Tapestry, Inc.’s actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these statements and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this Form 10-K filing entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” These factors include, but are not limited to: (i) the impact of economic conditions, recession and inflationary measures; (ii) the impact of international trade disputes and the risks associated with potential changes to international trade and policy agreements, including the imposition or threat of imposition of new or increased tariffs or retaliatory tariffs implemented by countries where our manufacturers are located as well as the imposition of additional duties on the products we import; (iii) our exposure to international risks, including currency fluctuations and changes in economic or political conditions in the markets where we sell or source our products; (iv) our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, retain the value of our brands and respond to changing fashion and retail trends in a timely manner, including our ability to execute on our e-commerce and digital strategies; (v) the impact of tax and other legislation; (vi) the ability to successfully implement the initiatives under our Amplify growth strategy; (vii) the effect of existing and new competition in the marketplace; (viii) our ability to successfully identify and implement any sales, acquisitions or strategic transactions on attractive terms or at all; (ix) our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from acquisitions; (x) our ability to control costs; (xi) the effect of seasonal and quarterly fluctuations on our sales or operating results; (xii) the risks associated with cyber security threats, privacy or data security breaches, and the development, use, governance and regulation of artificial intelligence technologies; (xiii) our ability to satisfy our outstanding debt obligations or incur additional indebtedness; (xiv) the risks associated with climate change and other corporate responsibility issues; (xv) our ability to protect against infringement of our trademarks and other proprietary rights; (xvi) the impact of pending and potential future legal proceedings and (xvii) such other risk factors as set forth in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report. These factors are not necessarily all of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our statements. 1 In this Form 10-K, references to “we,” “our,” “us,” "Tapestry" and the “Company” refer to Tapestry, Inc., including consolidated subsidiaries as of June 27, 2026 ("fiscal 2026"). References to "Coach," "Kate Spade," or "kate spade new york" refer only to the referenced brand. Fiscal 2026 was a 52-week period, the fiscal year ended June 28, 2025 ("fiscal 2025") was a 52-week period, and the fiscal year ended June 29, 2024 ("fiscal 2024") was a 52-week period. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Tapestry, Inc. (the "Company") is a global house of iconic accessories and lifestyle brands uniting the magic of Coach and kate spade new york. Together, we stretch what’s possible – advancing brands further than they could go alone, expanding their reach to new geographies and generations. Inspired by our consumers, we create experiences and products that build lasting brand love and elevate everyday life. OUR BRANDS The Company has two reportable segments: • Coach - Coach is a global fashion house of accessories and lifestyle collections, founded in New York City in 1941. Inspired by the vision of Expressive Luxury and the inclusive and courageous spirit of its hometown, the brand makes beautiful things, crafted to last – for you to be yourself in. Coach has built a legacy of craftsmanship and a community that champions the courage to be real. Coach includes global sales of primarily Coach brand products to customers through our ("DTC"), wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 86.4% of total net sales in fiscal 2026. • Kate Spade - Since its launch in 1993 with a collection of six essential handbags, kate spade new york has always been feminine, colorful, and optimistic. Today, it is a global lifestyle brand that designs extraordinary things for the everyday, delivering seasonal collections of handbags, , jewelry, footwear, gifts, home décor and more. Known for its rich heritage and unique brand DNA, kate spade new york's mission is to be the world's most welcoming and uplifting fashion brand. Where a touch of wit and intentional color can inspire you to find joy in the everyday. Kate Spade includes global sales of primarily kate spade new york brand products to customers through our DTC, wholesale and licensing businesses. This segment represented 13.4% of total net sales in fiscal 2026. On August 4, 2025, the Company completed the sale of the Stuart Weitzman business and, as a result, determined it had two reportable segments on a prospective basis. For the year ended June 27, 2026, Stuart Weitzman net sales were $14.6 million, representing 0.2% of total net sales in fiscal 2026. Refer to Note 5, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," for further information. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has certain corporate expenses that are not directly attributable to its brands ("Unallocated corporate expenses"); therefore, they are not allocated to its segments. Such costs primarily include certain overhead expenses related to corporate functions as well as certain administration, corporate occupancy, information technology and depreciation costs. Refer to Note 17, "Segment Information," for further information about the Company's segments. OUR STRATEGY In the first quarter of fiscal 2026, the Company introduced its 2028 growth strategy (“Amplify”), which focuses on four key pillars: • Build Emotional Connections with Consumers: The Company aims to drive new customer acquisition, with a focus on Gen Z consumers entering the market to build brand love and lifetime value. • Fueling Fashion Innovation & Product Excellence: The Company aims to lead with handbags and leathergoods with targeted lifestyle expansion in footwear. • Delivering Compelling Experiences to Drive Global Growth: The Company aims to sustain growth in North America and accelerate momentum in international markets, prioritizing Greater China and Europe. • Ignite the Power of Our People: The Company aims to growth by continuing to develop a culture that is agile and always looking forward. 2 DIRECT TO CONSUMER BUSINESS Our DTC business consists of channels that provide us with immediate, controlled access to consumers. This includes retail and outlet stores, brand e-commerce sites as well as concession . DTC revenues were approximately 87% of total net sales in fiscal 2026. • Stores - Our brands operate freestanding retail stores, outlet stores, as well as concession locations. These stores are located in regional shopping centers, metropolitan areas throughout the world and established outlet centers. Store Count 2026 2025 2024 Coach North America 336 324 324 International 637 607 606 Total Coach 973 931 930 Kate Spade North America 178 189 197 International 148 171 181 Total Kate Spade 326 360 378 Avg. Square Footage 2026 2025 2024 Coach North America 4,855 4,907 4,905 International 2,391 2,388 2,342 Total Coach 3,242 3,265 3,235 Kate Spade North America 3,071 3,023 2,949 International 1,593 1,502 1,439 Total Kate Spade 2,400 2,301 2,226 • Digital - We view our digital platform as a core channel for delivering our products directly to customers, enhancing accessibility beyond the reach of our physical locations. We operate e-commerce sites across our major markets including the U.S., Canada, Japan, Greater China, several countries throughout Europe, Australia, as well as in other regions throughout Asia. In addition, we continue to leverage various digital platforms, including marketplaces, to further expand our reach and serve customers globally. 3 WHOLESALE BUSINESS Our wholesale business primarily includes major department stores, specialty stores, and digital partners. We work closely with our wholesale partners to ensure a clear and consistent product presentation. We enhance our presentation with proprietary brand fixtures within the department store environment in select locations. We custom tailor our assortments through wholesale product planning and allocation processes to match the attributes to the consumers of our wholesale partners in each local market. We continue to closely monitor inventories held by our wholesale customers in an effort to optimize inventory levels across wholesale doors. Wholesale represented approximately 12% of our total net sales for fiscal 2026. As of June 27, 2026, there were no customers who individually accounted for more than 10% of each segment’s total net sales. LICENSING BUSINESS Our brands take an active role in the design process and control the marketing and distribution of products in our worldwide licensing relationships. Our key licensing relationships and their fiscal year expirations as of June 27, 2026 are as follows: Brand Category Partner Fiscal Year Expiration Coach Eyewear Luxottica 2026 (1) Coach Watches Movado 2028 Coach Fragrance Interparfums 2031 Kate Spade Tech Accessories 2027 Kate Spade Sleepwear Komar 2028 Kate Spade Fashion Bedding Live Comfortably 2028 Kate Spade Stationery and Gift Lifeguard Press 2030 Kate Spade Fragrance Interparfums 2030 Kate Spade Eyewear Safilo 2031 (1) The agreement is expected to renew during fiscal 2027. Products made under license are, in most cases, sold through stores and wholesale business channels and, with the Company's approval, the licensees have the right to distribute products selectively through other venues, which provide additional, yet controlled, exposure of our brands. Our licensing partners generally pay royalties on their net sales of our branded products. Such royalties currently comprise approximately 1% of Tapestry's total net sales. The licensing agreements generally give our brands the right to terminate the license if specified sales targets are not achieved. 4 PRODUCTS The following table shows Net sales for each of our product categories by segment. Fiscal Year Ended June 27, 2026 June 28, 2025 June 29, 2024 Amount % of Total segment net sales Amount % of Total segment net sales Amount % of Total segment net sales (millions) Coach Handbags $ 4,016.3 58.1 % $ 3,223.3 57.6 % $ 2,889.9 56.7 % Accessories 1,991.8 28.8 1,539.5 27.5 1,407.9 27.6 Footwear 408.5 5.9 342.5 6.1 326.0 6.4 Other 498.1 7.2 493.2 8.8 471.5 9.3 Total Coach $ 6,914.7 100.0 % $ 5,598.5 100.0 % $ 5,095.3 100.0 % Kate Spade Handbags $ 594.9 55.3 % $ 623.0 52.1 % $ 721.0 54.0 % Accessories 241.1 22.4 269.8 22.5 307.0 23.0 Footwear 48.1 4.5 55.2 4.6 57.4 4.3 Other 190.8 17.8 249.1 20.8 249.0 18.7 Total Kate Spade $ 1,074.9 100.0 % $ 1,197.1 100.0 % $ 1,334.4 100.0 % Stuart Weitzman (1) $ 14.6 100.0 % $ 215.1 100.0 % $ 241.5 100.0 % Tapestry Handbags $ 4,611.2 57.6 % $ 3,846.3 54.9 % $ 3,610.9 54.1 % Accessories 2,232.9 27.9 1,809.3 25.8 1,714.9 25.7 Footwear (1) 471.2 5.9 612.8 8.7 624.9 9.4 Other 688.9 8.6 742.3 10.6 720.5 10.8 Total Tapestry $ 8,004.2 100.0 % $ 7,010.7 100.0 % $ 6,671.2 100.0 % (1) All Stuart Weitzman net sales are included within the Tapestry Footwear category. For the year ended June 27, 2026, Stuart Weitzman net sales were for the period prior to the sale on August 4, 2025. Refer to Note 5, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," for further information. • Handbags — This category primarily includes handbags classically inspired as well as fashion designs, business cases, computer bags, bags, backpacks, and totes. • Accessories — This category primarily includes small leather goods, such as mini and micro handbags, money pieces, wristlets, pouches and cosmetic cases. Also included in this category are novelty accessories (including address books, time management accessories, travel bags and accessories, sketchbooks and portfolios), belts, key rings, technology accessories, gifting, straps and charms. • Footwear — This category primarily includes women's and men's footwear, including casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers and sandals. • Other — This category primarily includes outerwear, , jewelry, watches, eyewear, fragrance, scarves, hats, gloves, other products, as well as royalties earned from the Company's licensing partners. DESIGN AND MERCHANDISING Our creative leaders are responsible for conceptualizing and implementing the design direction for our brands across the consumer touchpoints of product, stores and marketing. At Tapestry, each brand has a dedicated design and merchandising 5 team; this ensures that Coach and Kate Spade speak to their customers with a voice and positioning unique to their brand. Designers have access to the brands' extensive archives of product designs, which are a valuable resource for product concepts. Our designers collaborate with strong merchandising teams that analyze sales, market trends and consumer preferences to identify market opportunities that help guide each season's design process and create a globally relevant product assortment. Leveraging our strategic investments that we have made in data and analytics tools, merchandisers are able to gain a deeper understanding of customer behavior which empowers our teams to respond to changes in consumer preferences and demand as well as scale opportunities across brands with greater speed and efficiency. Our merchandising teams are committed to managing the product life cycle to maximize sales and profitability across all business channels. The product category teams, each comprised of design, merchandising, product development and sourcing specialists, help each brand execute design concepts that are consistent with the brand's strategic direction. Our design and merchandising teams also work in close collaboration with all of our licensing partners to ensure that the licensed products are conceptualized and designed to address the intended market opportunity and convey the distinctive perspective and lifestyle associated with our brands. MARKETING Our marketing objective is to build emotional connections with consumers to drive acquisition. We use an integrated approach to marketing for each of our brands, synchronizing our efforts across all business channels to ensure consistency at every touchpoint. Our global marketing strategy is to deliver a consistent and relevant message every time the consumer comes in contact with our brands through our communications, visual merchandising and customer experiences. Each brand's distinctive positioning is communicated through creative marketing, visual merchandising, public relations, social media and brand experiences, as well as through outside creative agencies. We also leverage consumer and market research, together with experts, to better understand consumer attitudes, behaviors and trends. We continue to invest in and consumer engagement initiatives designed to reinforce each brand’s positioning, deepen emotional connections with consumers and support customer acquisition. Total expenses attributable to the Company's activities in fiscal 2026 were $962.5 million, representing 12% of net sales, compared to $744.5 million in fiscal 2025, representing nearly 11% of net sales. We engage in many consumer communication initiatives globally, including activities at a national, regional and local level. Our wide range of marketing activities utilize a variety of media, including digital, social, television, print and . Our respective brand websites serve as effective communication vehicles by providing an immersive brand experience, showcasing the fullest expression across product categories. The Company has several regional informational websites for locations where we have not established an e-commerce presence. The Company utilizes social media and continues to explore digital technologies to create emotional connections with consumers, acquire new customers and build brand awareness, in addition to increasing online and store sales. MANUFACTURING Tapestry carefully balances its commitments to a limited number of “better brand” partners that have demonstrated integrity, quality and reliable delivery. The Company continues to evaluate new manufacturing sources and geographies to deliver high quality products at competitive costs and to mitigate the impact of manufacturing in inflationary markets. Our raw material suppliers, independent manufacturers and licensing partners must achieve and maintain high quality standards, which are an integral part of our brands' identity. Before directly partnering with a new manufacturing vendor for finished goods, the Company evaluates each facility by conducting a quality, business practice standards and social compliance review. We expect finished good manufacturers to undergo a social compliance audit before being approved as a Tapestry supplier. Manufacturers working with our licensed partners are expected to have had an acceptable social compliance audit conducted within the prior six months of their onboarding date. Suppliers that fail to meet our standards are not approved until an acceptable report is provided. We also conduct regular assessments of existing, previously approved finished good suppliers. We believe that our manufacturing partners are in material compliance with the Company’s integrity standards. These independent manufacturers each or in aggregate support a broad mix of product types, materials and a seasonal influx of new, styles, which allows us to meet shifts in marketplace demand and changes in consumer preferences. We have longstanding relationships with purveyors of fine leathers and hardware. Although our products are manufactured by independent manufacturers, we maintain a strong level of oversight in the selection of key raw materials and compliance with quality control standards is monitored through quality inspections at independent manufacturing facilities. We maintain strong oversight of the supply chain process for each of our brands from design through manufacturing. We are able to do this by maintaining sourcing management offices in Vietnam, mainland China, the Philippines and Cambodia that 6 work closely with our independent manufacturers. This , global manufacturing strategy is designed to optimize the mix of cost, lead times and construction capabilities. During fiscal 2026, manufacturers of Coach products were primarily located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and India and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. During fiscal 2026, Kate Spade products were manufactured primarily in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and Bangladesh and no individual vendor provided 10% or more of the brand's total inventory purchases. FULFILLMENT The Company’s distribution network is designed to support the movement of each brand's products from our manufacturers to fulfillment centers around the world. These fulfillment centers are either directly operated by the Company or by independent third parties, some of which support multiple brands. Our facilities use bar code scanning warehouse management systems, where fulfillment center employees use handheld scanners to read product bar codes. This allows for accurate storage and order processing and allows us to provide excellent service to our customers. These facilities are also integrated into our Enterprise Resource Planning system, ensuring accurate inventory reporting. Our products are primarily shipped to retail stores, wholesale customers and e-commerce customers. In North America, we maintain fulfillment centers in Florida, Nevada and Ohio, operated by Tapestry. As part of our Distribution Network Optimization efforts, we are transitioning from our Ohio fulfillment center to a facility in Pennsylvania which is expected to be completed in the first half of fiscal 2027. The Company also has a facility in Canada. Globally, we utilize regional fulfillment centers in mainland China, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Singapore, owned and operated by third parties, that support multiple countries. We also utilize local fulfillment centers, through third parties, in Japan, parts of Greater China, South Korea, Malaysia and Australia. INFORMATION SYSTEMS The Company’s information systems are integral in supporting the Company’s strategies. Our robust information technology platform serves as a foundation to drive growth, enhance initiatives and enable decision making. We are continually enhancing our digital technology platforms to elevate our e-commerce capabilities, strengthen DTC functionalities and deliver a seamless overall experience leveraging modern and technologies. During fiscal 2026, we continued to advance our artificial intelligence including predictive, generative and agentic models, as well as machine learning across key areas such as data analytics, planning, marketing, customer acquisition, personalization, pricing and product creation. These investments enhanced our ability to capture and segment customer data, enabling more targeted, relevant and effective engagement across the customer journey. The Company utilizes a digital platform which integrates critical components of our businesses including our customer shopping sites, Order Management Systems, Point of Sale systems, Customer Services, Enterprise Resource Planning systems and product management systems into one cohesive platform with a shared codebase. This unified platform allows us to be a more dynamic and responsive company providing service to our customers. Refer to Part I, Item 1C, "Cybersecurity" for further information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Tapestry owns COACH and KATE SPADE brand intellectual property, as well as all of the material trademark, design and related to the production, marketing, distribution and sale of these brands' products in the United States and other countries in which our products are principally sold. In addition, the Company licenses trademarks and copyrights used in connection with the production, marketing and distribution of certain categories of goods and collaborations. Tapestry also owns and maintains registrations in countries around the world for trademarks in relevant classes of products and services. In addition, Tapestry owns trade dress, copyrights, design patents and utility patents for some of its brands' product designs. Tapestry aggressively polices its intellectual property and pursues infringers both domestically and internationally. The Company pursues counterfeiters through leads generated internally, as well as through its network of investigators, law enforcement and customs officials, the respective online reporting form for each brand, the Tapestry hotline and business partners around the world. SEASONALITY The Company's results are typically affected by seasonal trends. During the first fiscal quarter, we typically build inventory for the winter and holiday season. In the second fiscal quarter, working capital requirements are reduced substantially as we generate higher net sales and operating income, especially during the holiday season. Fluctuations in net sales, operating income and operating cash flows of the Company in any fiscal quarter may be affected by the timing of wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales, including weather and macroeconomic events. 7 GOVERNMENT REGULATION Most of the Company's imported products are subject to tariffs, indirect taxes, quotas and trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that we may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products. The Company is not materially restricted by quotas or other government restrictions in the operation of its business; however, customs duties do represent a component of total product cost. To maximize opportunities, the Company operates complex supply chains through foreign trade zones, bonded logistic parks and other strategic initiatives such as free trade agreements. Additionally, the Company operates a direct import business in many countries worldwide. As a result, the Company is subject to stringent government regulations and restrictions, adding significant complexity with respect to its activity either by the various customs and border protection agencies or by other government agencies which control the quality, safety and sustainability of the Company’s products. The Company maintains an internal global trade, customs and product compliance organization to help manage its import/export and regulatory affairs activity. COMPETITION The Company faces intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets that we participate. In varying degrees, depending on the product category involved, we compete on the basis of style, price, customer service, quality, brand prestige and recognition, among others. Over the last decade, these brands have grown and are expected to continue to grow, encouraging the entry of new competitors as well as increasing the competition from existing competitors. This increased competition drives interest in these brand loyal categories. We believe, however, that we have significant competitive advantages because of the recognition and the acceptance of our brands by consumers and the power of our information technology platform. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY As a and Company, Tapestry believes that a future is one that is both beautiful and responsible. Our Corporate Responsibility (“CR”) strategy, the Fabric of Change , aims to unite teams across the Company’s business to achieve our Corporate Responsibility Goals and a shared objective: to create a company of the future that balances true fashion authority with meaningful, positive change. The Fabric of Change focuses on four pillars: Power of Our People, Sustain the Planet, Uplift Our Communities and Create Products with Care. • Power of Our People: ◦ We aim to foster a culture of purpose, fulfillment and inclusion at Tapestry, attracting and retaining talent with a compelling and engaging employee experience. ◦ As a global employer, we work to continuously expand our aperture as wide as possible to acquire, retain and grow the best talent. • Sustain the Planet: ◦ We aim to preserve and restore our planet through continuous investments into solutions that improve biodiversity and reduce the impacts of climate change. ◦ We have set goals focused on increasing renewable energy and reducing freshwater withdrawals across our supply chain. We also have greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions reduction targets for Scope 1, 2, 3 and Scope 3 Forest, Land and Agriculture that have been validated by Science Based Targets initiative. • Uplift Our Communities: ◦ We aim to empower the communities where our employees live and work, and provide the resources and capacity needed to support supply chain partners in the regions where we operate. ◦ We have set goals focused on expanding employee volunteerism globally and strengthening our supply chain by equipping core suppliers with systems and training to detect, prevent and remediate violence and harassment, and to support workers' mental health. • Create Products with Care: ◦ We aim to increase the use of innovative materials and focus on production methods that design out waste and pollution, keep products in use and restore natural systems. ◦ We have set goals focused on tracing and mapping our raw materials, and targets to increase the uptake of sourcing environmentally preferred materials and advancing circular business models. 8 The Company’s CR strategy, including oversight, management and identification of risks, is ultimately governed by the Board of Directors (the "Board") and overseen by an Executive Steering Committee, which is comprised of members of our executive leadership team, and driven by a Task Force, comprised of senior leaders and members from major business functions. The Board approves sustainability goals, strategic moves or major plans of action and receives updates at least annually. Tapestry's Governance and Nominations Committee of the Board receives quarterly updates on sustainability strategy, including topics, progress towards the CR goals and other initiatives. Additional information on the Fabric of Change and CR Goals can be found at www.tapestry.com/responsibility. The content on this website and the content in our corporate responsibility reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. HUMAN CAPITAL At Tapestry, being true to yourself is core to who we are. When each of us brings our individuality to our collective ambition, our creativity is unleashed. This global house of brands was built by unconventional entrepreneurs and unexpected solutions, so when we say we believe in dreams, we mean we believe in making them happen. Where differences intersect, new thinking emerges. We cultivate a place for people who are both warm and rigorous, work that is both challenging and fun and a culture led by both head and heart. Most of all, we bring together the unique spirits of our people and our brands and give them a place to move their work and our industry forward. Our focus on fostering strong culture has led to continued recognition in the form of recent awards from Newsweek for America's Great Companies, People's Companies that Care, Forbes' America's Dream Employers, Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and TIME's World's Most Sustainable Companies. Governance and Oversight Our Board and its committees provide governance and oversight of the Company's strategy, including over issues of human capital management. The Board has designated the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the “HR Committee”) as the primary committee responsible for the Company’s human capital strategy, overseeing executive compensation programs, performance and talent development, succession planning, engagement and regular review of employee benefits and strategies. The full Board and the HR Committee receive quarterly updates on the Company’s talent development strategies and other applicable areas of human capital management. Unlocking the power of our people is a key strategic focus area for the Company, supported by significant engagement from the Company’s senior leadership on talent development and human capital management, as reflected in the key programs and focus areas described below. Employees As of June 27, 2026, the Company employed approximately 20,600 employees globally. Of these employees, approximately 16,800 employees worked in retail locations, of which 8,000 were employees. This total excludes seasonal and temporary employees that the Company employs, particularly during the second quarter due to the holiday season. The Company believes that its relations with its employees are good and has never encountered a strike or work stoppage. Embracing Difference by Design We believe that having a variety of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences makes us more innovative and successful and brings us closer to our consumer. We believe that difference sparks brilliance, so we welcome people and ideas from everywhere to join us in stretching what's possible. Our core values of ‘Embracing Difference by Design’ and ‘Stand Taller Together’ are , it is who we are. They are the bedrock of the kind of ingenuity that turns heads, turns objects into icons and comes only from the places few have looked before. We deliver on this commitment by expanding our aperture as wide as possible to acquire, retain and grow the best talent. Cultivating a workplace culture where everyone can fully contribute and reach their potential by feeling included, that they belong and that they matter. Amplifying our brands and supporting the communities in which our employees live and work. Growing our customer base in line with shifting market demographics and dynamics. 9 Total Rewards Tapestry is dedicated to being a place where our employees love to work, where they feel recognized and rewarded for all that they do. Maintaining a competitive total compensation program helps us attract, motivate and retain the key talent we need to achieve outstanding business and financial results. To accomplish this goal, we strive to appropriately align our total compensation with the pay, benefits and rewards offered by companies that compete with us for talent in the marketplace. Our Total Compensation Program includes cash pay, annual and incentives, benefits and other special programs that our employees value. We strive to pay each employee fairly and competitively across our brands. Tapestry's primary compensation principle is to "pay for performance." Tapestry's practice is to pay a competitive base salary and provide corporate employees with the opportunity to earn an annual bonus tied to Tapestry's and its brands' financial performance, and provide store employees with the opportunity to earn sales incentives. Approximately 2,400 of our employees, including nearly all of our store managers, received an annual equity award in fiscal 2026, which aligns employee interests with those of our stockholders, rewards employees for enhancing stockholder value and supports retention of key employees. Our benefits package, which varies by country, is designed to be competitive and comprehensive. Our benefits, along with competitive pay, include health benefits, vacation time, and paid Company holidays for directly hired and qualifying employees. Additionally, we offer parental leave for directly hired employees. The Company also offers retirement benefits and paid wellness days for and employees. To support employees in achieving their career and financial goals, the Company also provides access to learning opportunities on personal finances, as well as physical and mental wellness, through various platforms based on the location of the employee. Talent Acquisition and Development Hiring talented employees is critically important to us, as we consider our employees around the world to be our greatest asset. Our recruitment and sourcing strategy focuses on tapping many sources to attract the best talent to our organization and then retaining them through our continued investments in resources that provide our employees with the tools for development and career advancement. Our internal opportunity program encourages employees to stretch themselves in their career development, aligning their capabilities with career interests and goals. We strive to provide a working environment where our people can grow and progress their careers within the Company. We are committed to helping our employees develop the knowledge, skills and abilities needed for continued success and encourage employee development at all levels and every career stage. Our development programs enable individual and team success through targeted initiatives and resources, offering a curriculum focused on professional and leadership development for leaders, managers and individual contributors, including through our Manager Effectiveness Program, Leader Transition Acceleration Program and learning platforms, in addition to other trainings and education facilitated through the Company for all employees. In addition, during fiscal 2026, the Company launched Brand Building University, which is Tapestry’s enterprise learning experience designed to strengthen how we build iconic brands and drive growth. Performance management is critical to our ability to reach our goals and foster a culture of success. By having a dynamic, performance-driven culture, we can achieve greater results, maximize employee, manager and team performance and offer exciting development and career opportunities. Our performance review process has managers and employees meeting for formal four times a year, focused on goals and expectations, feedback, coaching and career development. As our focus extends beyond the performance of our employees to the performance of our Company as a whole, we have mechanisms in place to facilitate comprehensive upward feedback through robust feedback tools and a cadence of regular pulse surveys that inform on how we can continue to strive for excellence in our work culture. At Tapestry, we are committed to providing a safe working environment for our people, as well as supporting our people in achieving and maintaining their health and goals. integration is top of mind, and we provide resources and benefits to help achieve this balance. We provide employees with a variety of resources to support their , including access to our Employee Assistance Program, Mental Health First Aid training, regular programming and other mental health resources such as Headspace, a mindfulness and meditation application. In addition, the Company maintains an Associate Relief Fund, which provides emergency assistance for events considered a disaster or hardship. Community Engagement At Tapestry, we believe in encouraging and empowering our employees to take part in building a welcoming and inclusive community. We provide all employees with supplemental to perform community service through nonprofits of their personal choice and through team and volunteering events. In our commitment to supporting our communities, we have three foundations which provide monetary support to nonprofit organizations across communities that we are a part of. Additionally, on an annual basis, our foundations match up to $10,000, per eligible employee, in donations to eligible in North America. 10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT GEOGRAPHIC AREAS Refer to Note 4, "Revenue," and Note 17, "Segment Information," presented in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for geographic information. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our investor website, located at www.tapestry.com/investors under the caption “SEC Filings,” as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are also available on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. No information contained on any of our websites is intended to be included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company has included the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") certifications required by Section 302 of the Act of 2002 as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2, respectively, and the certifications required by Section 906 of the Act of 2002 as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2, respectively to this Form 10-K. 11 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully all of the information set forth or incorporated by reference in this document and, in particular, the following risk factors associated with the business of the Company and information in this document. Please also see “Special Note on Information” at the beginning of this report. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. If any of the risks below actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic conditions, such as an economic recession, downturn, periods of inflation or uncertainty, could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and consumer purchases of discretionary items. Our results can be impacted by a number of macroeconomic factors, including but not limited to: consumer confidence and spending levels, tax rates, levels of unemployment, consumer credit availability, tariffs and trade restrictions, pandemics, natural disasters, raw material costs, fuel and energy costs, bank failures, market volatility, global factory production, supply chain operations, commercial real estate market conditions, credit market conditions and the level of customer traffic in malls, shopping centers and online. Many of our products can be considered discretionary items for consumers. Demand for our products, and consumer spending in the handbag, footwear and accessories categories generally is or may be significantly impacted by trends in consumer confidence, general economic and business conditions, high levels of unemployment, periods of inflation, health pandemics, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, the availability of consumer credit and taxation. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as the Company's products, tend to decline during recessionary periods or periods of sustained high unemployment when disposable income is lower. Unfavorable economic conditions may also reduce consumers’ willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores are located. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We face risks associated with potential changes to international trade and policy agreements and the imposition of additional tariffs on importing our products. Most of our imported products are subject to tariffs, indirect taxes, quotas and trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that we may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products. To maximize opportunities, we rely on free trade agreements and other supply chain initiatives and, as a result, we are subject to government regulations and restrictions with respect to our activity. Additionally, we are subject to government regulations relating to importation activities, including related to U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP") enforcement actions. The imposition of taxes, duties and quotas, the withdrawal from or material modification to trade agreements, and/or the detention of our goods by CBP or other customs authorities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. International trade disputes as well as changes and uncertainty regarding international trade and trade policies, including the imposition or threat of the imposition of new or increased tariffs or other trade restrictions on goods from the countries where our manufacturers are located, could result in a materially adverse impact to our business. During fiscal 2026, the primary manufacturers of Coach products were located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and India, and the primary manufacturers of Kate Spade products were located in Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines, and Bangladesh. Increased tariffs or other trade restrictions against these countries, as well as any tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by these countries in retaliation, could limit our ability to manufacture products in countries that have the labor and technical expertise needed. Further, we have developed strategies to mitigate the impact of additional tariffs; however, these strategies may not be effective, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that tariffs collected under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ("IEEPA") were invalid. The U.S. Court of International Trade subsequently ordered refunds for qualifying customs entries. CBP has established a phased administrative process for submitting refund claims for certain IEEPA tariffs. The Company paid approximately $117 million in IEEPA tariffs. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, we received cash refunds related to the previously paid IEEPA tariffs of $2.1 million. In addition, as of June 27, 2026, we determined that the receipt of the remaining refunds of the previously paid IEEPA tariffs was probable. We estimate the amount of the probable refund to be $114.7 million, which was recorded as a receivable. Although the Company believes collection of the IEEPA tariffs is probable based on currently available information, the timing of cash receipts is dependent upon the execution of the refund process by the CBP and the U.S. Treasury Department. Following the Supreme Court's decision, the U.S. Administration announced a 10% global tariff under Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 which became effective February 24, 2026, for a period of up to 150 days, which expired on July 24, 2026. On May 7, 2026, the CIT ruled the Section 122 tariffs were invalid. The government has appealed the ruling and the Company is awaiting a decision from the U.S. Court of Appeals. On July 23, 2026, the U.S. Administration announced the final remedy in 12 the Section 301 investigations relating to forced labor practices, imposing new tariff rates ranging from 10% to 12.5% on most imports from certain countries, effective upon the expiration of the temporary Section 122 tariffs. T he U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling did not impact any of the recently imposed tariffs, under either Section 122, Section 301, or Section 338 of the various trade statutes, nor does it prohibit the imposition of future tariffs through alternative trade authorities available to the U.S. administration. Accordingly, uncertainty with respect to tariffs remains ongoing, and U.S. import tariffs and international trade arrangements will continue to change, potentially without warning and to an extent or duration that is difficult to predict. Changing tariff rates and shifting trade policies have created significant uncertainty for suppliers, consumers, and us, and our efforts to mitigate the impacts of tariffs are and costly and may not be effective. Our ability to navigate any uncertainty, changes or expansion in tariffs or other trade restrictions could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any negative perception of or sentiment towards the U.S., whether in response to changes in tariffs, trade policy or otherwise, could impact the perception of our Company. Risks Related to our Business and our Industry We face risks associated with operating in international markets. We operate on a global basis, with approximately 41.3% of our net sales coming from operations outside of the United States for fiscal year 2026. While geographic diversity helps to reduce the Company’s exposure to risks in any one country, we are subject to risks associated with international operations, including, but not limited to: • political or economic instability or changing macroeconomic conditions in our major markets, including the potential impact of new policies that may be implemented by the U.S. or other jurisdictions, particularly with respect to tax and trade policies; • public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemic diseases; • changes to U.S. participation in, withdrawal from, or renegotiation of certain international trade agreements or other major issues, including the of expiring favorable tariffs granted to developing countries, tariff quotas and retaliatory tariffs, trade sanctions, new or onerous trade restrictions, embargoes and other stringent government controls; • changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may adversely affect the retail prices of our products, result in decreased international consumer demand, or increase our supply costs in those markets, with a corresponding negative impact on our gross margin rates; • compliance with laws relating to foreign operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act and other global laws, which in general concern the bribery of foreign public officials and other regulations and requirements; • changes in tourist shopping patterns and consumer behavior, particularly that of the Chinese consumer; • geopolitical instability (such as the uncertainty in U.S.-China relations); • natural and other disasters; • political, civil and social unrest; and • changes in legal and regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to safeguard measures, duties, cargo restrictions to prevent terrorism, restrictions on the transfer of currency, climate change and other environmental legislation, product safety regulations or other charges or restrictions. Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities. As a Company engaged in sourcing on a global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including, but not limited to: • disruptions or delays in shipments whether due to port congestion, logistics carrier disruption (including as a result of labor disputes), other shipping capacity constraints or other factors, which have resulted and may continue to result in significantly increased inbound freight costs and increased times; • loss or disruption of key manufacturing or fulfillment sites or extended closure of such sites due to unexpected factors; • imposition of additional duties, taxes and other charges or restrictions on imports or exports; • unavailability, or significant fluctuations in the cost, of raw materials; • compliance by us and our independent manufacturers and suppliers with labor laws and other foreign governmental regulations; 13 • increases in the cost of labor, fuel (including volatility in the price of oil), travel and transportation; • compliance with our Global Business Integrity Program; • compliance by our independent manufacturers and suppliers with our Supplier Code of Conduct, social auditing procedures and requirements and other applicable compliance policies; • compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. laws regarding the identification and reporting on the use of “conflict minerals” sourced from the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Company’s products, other laws and regulations regarding the sourcing of materials in the Company’s products, the FCPA, U.K. Bribery Act and other global laws, as applicable, and other U.S. and international regulations and requirements; • regulation or prohibition of the transaction of business with specific individuals or entities and their affiliates or goods manufactured in certain regions by any government or regulatory authority in the jurisdictions where we conduct business, such as the listing of a person or entity as a Specially Designated National or Blocked Person by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control or other sanctions regimes; • inability to engage new independent manufacturers that meet the Company’s sourcing model; • product quality issues; • the conflict in the Middle East; • political unrest, protests and other civil disruption; • public health crises, such as pandemic and epidemic diseases, and other unforeseen outbreaks; • natural disasters or other extreme weather events, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; and • acts of war or terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. We are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions and citizenship requirements. Compliance with these laws may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation. In addition, we require our independent manufacturers and suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, as well as our Supplier Code of Conduct and other compliance policies under our Global Business Integrity Program; however, we do not control these manufacturers or suppliers or their labor, environmental or other business practices. Copies of our Global Business Integrity Program documents, including our Global Operating Principles, Policy and Supplier Code of Conduct are available through our website, www.tapestry.com. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by an independent manufacturer or supplier, or divergence of an independent manufacturer’s or supplier’s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of our products, harm our trademarks or damage our reputation. In addition, if there is negative publicity regarding the production methods of any of our suppliers or manufacturers, even if unfounded or not specific to our supply chain, our reputation and sales could be adversely affected, we could be subject to legal liability, or could cause us to contract with alternative suppliers or manufacturing sources. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A decline in the volume of traffic to our stores could have a negative impact on our net sales. The success of our retail stores located within malls and shopping centers may be impacted by (i) changes in consumer shopping behavior and store closures; (ii) reduced travel resulting from economic conditions (including a recession or inflationary pressures); (iii) the location of the store within the mall or shopping center; (iv) surrounding tenants or vacancies; (v) increased competition in areas where malls or shopping centers are located; (vi) the amount spent on advertising and promotion to attract consumers to the mall; and (vii) a shift towards online shopping resulting in a decrease in store traffic. Declines in consumer traffic could have a negative impact on our net sales and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, declines in traffic could result in store impairment charges if expected future cash flows of the related asset group do not exceed the carrying value. The success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value of our brands and respond to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends in a timely manner. Each of our brands is unique and independent, while sharing a commitment to innovation and authenticity defined by unique brand purposes, distinctive products, and differentiated customer experiences across business channels and geographies. Any misstep in product quality or design, executive leadership, customer service, marketing, unfavorable publicity or excessive product discounting could negatively affect the image of our brands with our customers. Furthermore, our brands’ communications, product lines and experiences are subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences, 14 including the increasing shift to digital brand engagement and social media communication. If we do not anticipate and respond promptly to changing customer preferences and fashion trends in the design, production, and styling of our products, as well as create compelling marketing campaigns that appeal to our target consumers, our sales and results of operations may be negatively impacted. The shift towards digital engagement has become increasingly important, with increased use of social media platforms by our brand representatives, influencers and our employees. Actions taken by our partners on social media that do not show our brands in a manner consistent with our desired image or that are damaging to such partner’s reputation, whether or not through our brand social media platforms, could harm our brand reputation and materially impact our business. Our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, as well as the successful design, introduction of new products and maintaining an appropriate rationalization of our assortment. Our ability to create new products and to sustain existing products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate and respond to consumer preferences and fashion trends. The failure to develop and launch successful new products or to rationalize our assortment appropriately, including through our efforts to harmonize select products between our retail and outlet channels, could hinder the growth of our business. Also, any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in our company not being the first to bring product to market, which could compromise our competitive position. Our success also depends in part on our and our executive leadership team's ability to execute on our plans and strategies for each of our brands and for Tapestry, as a enterprise. If our products, marketing campaigns, consumer experiences and environments do not meet changing customer preferences and/or fail to stay ahead of changing fashion trends, our brand image could become tarnished or undesirable in the minds of our customers or target markets, which could materially adversely impact the growth of our brands and the Tapestry portfolio, and our overall business, financial condition, and results of operations. The growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our global expansion efforts and our ability to execute our digital and e-commerce priorities and our strategies. Our success and growth depend on the continued development of our presence for each of our brands globally, pursuing global digital opportunities for each brand, along with select bricks and mortar expansion, renovation, and modernization efforts. Our bricks and mortar strategies may require upfront investment, may temporarily disrupt store operations and may not generate the expected increases in traffic, sales, productivity or profitability. With respect to international expansion, our brands may not be or widely sold in some of these markets, and we may have limited experience operating directly or working with our partners there. In addition, some of these markets, either through bricks and mortar stores or digital channels, have different operational characteristics, including but not limited to employment and labor, privacy, transportation, logistics, real estate, environmental regulations and local reporting or legal requirements. We aim to provide a seamless experience to our customers regardless of whether they are shopping in stores or engaging with our brands through digital technology, such as computers, mobile phones, tablets or other devices. This requires investment in new technologies and reliance on digital partners, over which we may have limited control. Additionally, our digital business is subject to numerous risks that could adversely impact our results, including (i) a diversion of sales from our brand stores or wholesale customers, (ii) difficulty in recreating the experience through digital channels, (iii) liability for online content, (iv) changing dynamics within the digital marketing environment and our ability to effectively market to consumers, (v) intense competition from online retailers, and (vi) the ability to provide timely delivery of e-commerce purchases, which is dependent on the capacity and operations of our owned and operated fulfillment facilities. See “Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing activities” for additional risks related to our fulfillment networks. We are also engaging in initiatives to harmonize the customer experience between our retail and outlet channels, by bringing select full price products into the outlet channel and enabling a checkout process for retail and outlet on our Coach brand e-commerce site. If we are unable to effectively execute our strategy, along with our e-commerce and digital strategies, and provide reliable and unified experiences for our customers across all business channels and touchpoints, our reputation and ability to compete with other brands could suffer, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have also made strategic updates to our global product and pricing architecture, which may change consumer shopping behavior and shift demand across channels and geographies. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends, may differ across countries, and as a result, sales of our products may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. Further, expanding in certain markets may have upfront investment costs that may not be accompanied by sufficient revenues to achieve typical or expected operational and financial performance and therefore may be dilutive to our brands in the short term. We may also have to compete for talent in international regions as we expand our presence. 15 Consequently, if our global expansion plans, or our product and pricing architecture strategies, are unsuccessful, or we are unable to retain and/or attract key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The successful implementation of the Company’s 2028 growth strategy, Amplify, is key to the success of our business. The Company introduced its 2028 growth strategy, Amplify, in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, which focuses on four key pillars: (i) Building Emotional Connections with Consumers; (ii) Fueling Fashion Innovation & Product Excellence; (iii) Delivering Compelling Experiences to Drive Global Growth; and (iv) Igniting the Power of Our People. There is no assurance that we will be able to sustain such efforts in accordance with our plans, that such efforts will result in the intended or otherwise desirable outcomes or that such efforts, even if successfully sustained, will be effective in achieving growth or increased profitability. Refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further information regarding Amplify. If our incorporation of the initiatives under Amplify falls short, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business. We face intense competition from many other brands in the product lines and markets we participate in, which include the Company's wholesale customers. Competition is based on a number of factors, including, without limitation, the following: • our competitors may develop new products or product categories that are more popular with our customers; • anticipating and responding in a timely fashion to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and shopping; • maintaining strong brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; • recruiting and retaining key talent; • developing and producing innovative, products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to a diverse group of consumers; • competitively pricing our products and creating an acceptable value proposition for consumers, including price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures while simultaneously balancing the risk of lower consumer demand in response to any such price increases; • providing strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; • providing attractive, reliable, secure, and digital commerce sites; • sourcing sustainable raw materials at prices; • ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain efficiencies with suppliers and retailers; • protecting our trademarks and design patents; • identifying and adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence (“AI”), and machine learning, and competing with shopping tools to help find products, compare prices, and make purchase decisions; • the ability to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. A failure to compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing consumer preferences, technology and product trends could adversely affect our growth and profitability. Furthermore, customers are increasingly using AI shopping assistant tools to discover products, compare options, and make purchase decisions. Use of these AI tools could transform commerce, including in ways that we fail to anticipate, and affect our ability to efficiently attract potential customers to our digital platforms and retain our customer base. Our success depends, in part, on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including key personnel. Our business and future success depend heavily on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees, including our senior management team. Competition in our industry to attract and retain these employees is intense and is influenced by our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, employee morale, our reputation, recruitment by other employers, perceived internal opportunities, and agreements and macro unemployment rates. 16 We depend on the guidance of our senior management team and other key employees who have significant experience and expertise in our industry and our operations. There can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or that we will be able to identify and attract suitable successors for these individuals. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the direct or indirect consequences thereof, including any negative public perception with respect to these individuals or their departure, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain or similar life insurance policies on any of our senior management team or other key personnel. We must also attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified retail and fulfillment center employees. Historically, competition for talent in these positions has been intense and turnover is generally high. If we are unable to attract and retain such employees with the necessary skills and experience, we may not achieve our objectives and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, changes to our office environments, the adoption of new work models and AI, and our requirements and/or expectations about when or how often certain employees work or remotely may not meet the expectations of our employees. Further, any failure to maintain a workforce with the skills and capabilities necessary to support our business and respond to technological change could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. If our employment proposition is not perceived as favorable compared to other companies, it could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain our employees. Mergers, acquisitions and other strategic investments may not be successful in achieving intended benefits, cost savings and synergies and may disrupt current operations. One component of our historical growth strategy has been acquisitions, and, consistent with our capital allocation priorities, our management team expects to maintain M&A flexibility and may from time to time evaluate and consider acquisitions or other strategic investments. These transactions involve various inherent risks and as a result, the expected benefits, cost savings and synergies may not be realized. The integration process of any newly acquired company may be complex, costly and . The potential difficulties of integrating the operations of an acquired business and realizing our expectations for an acquisition, including the benefits that may be realized, include, among other things: • failure of the business to perform as planned, following the acquisition or achieve anticipated revenue, cash flow or profitability targets; • delays, unexpected costs or difficulties in completing the acquisition or integration of acquired companies or assets, including as a result of regulatory challenges; • higher than expected costs, lower than expected cost savings or synergies and/or a need to allocate resources to manage unexpected operating difficulties; • difficulties assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations; • diversion of the attention and resources of management or other disruptions to current operations; • the impact on our or an acquired business’ internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Act of 2002; • changes in applicable laws and regulations or the application of new laws and regulations; • changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators; • failures or delays in receiving the necessary approvals by the relevant regulators and authorities; • retaining key customers, suppliers and employees; • retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; • operating risks inherent in the acquired business and our business; • lower than anticipated demand for product offerings by us or our licensees; • assumption of liabilities not identified in due diligence; and • other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, including as a result of regulatory challenges, and any adverse consequences associated with future acquisition activities, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if the integration of any acquired business is successfully completed, the full expected benefits and synergies of the acquisition may not be realized. Additional unanticipated costs, which could be material, 17 may also be incurred in the integration of our business and the acquired business. Additionally, the full benefits of an acquisition may not be realized if the combined business does not perform as expected or demand for the combined company’s services does not meet our expectations. Completed acquisitions may result in additional goodwill and/or an increase in other intangible assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are required annually, or as facts and circumstances exist, to assess goodwill and other intangible assets to determine if impairment has occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the fair value of other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any potential future impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may seek to sell one or more lines of our business in an effort to maximize shareholder value, which may adversely affect our business, our reputation, our results of operations and financial position or our stock price. We continuously evaluate how to best structure our business in an effort to maximize shareholder value, which could include the divestiture of certain of our lines of business. Divestitures are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among others: • the risk that a divestiture may not be completed in the expected time frame or at all; • disruption of our management’s attention from ongoing business operations due to a proposed or pending divestiture; • the acceptance of a less than favorable sales price or other terms of sale; • the potential loss of key personnel or operations; • adverse reactions from our borrowers, lenders or other counterparties, or those of the divested lines of business; • the risk of litigation or other judicial or administrative proceedings arising from the divestiture; and • negative reactions from market analysts and adverse impacts on our stock price. A divestiture could result in significant costs to us and is subject to numerous risks, including those listed above. We cannot provide any assurance that a sale of one or more lines of business will be successful or will not harm our business, our reputation, our results of operations and financial position or our stock price. Our business may be materially impacted if our fulfillment centers face significant interruptions in operations. We are dependent on a limited number of fulfillment centers. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers and our retail stores and e-commerce sites depends on the proper operation of these centers. If any of these centers were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including as a result of accidents, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemic diseases, labor shortages and other unforeseen events and circumstances, we could suffer a substantial loss of inventory and/or disruptions of deliveries to our retail and wholesale customers. Depending on the duration of these closures, our results may be materially impacted. While we have business continuity and contingency plans for our sourcing and fulfillment center sites, significant disruption of manufacturing or fulfillment for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply, result in a substantial loss of inventory, increase our costs, disrupt deliveries to our customers and our retail stores, and, if not remedied in a timely manner, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Because our fulfillment centers include automated and equipment, they are susceptible to risks including power interruptions, system failures, software viruses, configuration errors and security breaches. In North America we maintain fulfillment centers in Florida, Ohio and Nevada, operated by Tapestry. The Company is in the process of transitioning operations from its Ohio fulfillment center to a facility in Pennsylvania. This transition involves risks including potential disruptions to order processing and deliveries, increased costs, and reliance on a new operator during and after the transition period. The Company also has a facility in Canada. Globally we utilize fulfillment centers in mainland China, the Netherlands, the U.K. and Singapore, owned and operated by third parties, allowing us to better manage the logistics in these regions while reducing costs. We also utilize local fulfillment centers, through third parties, in Japan, parts of Greater China, South Korea, Malaysia and Australia. The warehousing of the Company’s merchandise, store replenishment and processing orders is handled by these centers and a prolonged disruption in any center’s operation could materially adversely affect our business and operations. In addition, if our fulfillment centers are not sized to meet the optimal capacity for our products or are not adequately staffed, utilized or operated, our profitability may be negatively impacted. Our business may be subject to increased costs due to excess inventories and a decline in profitability as a result of increasing pressure on margins if we misjudge the demand for our products. 18 Our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition and a highly promotional environment, fragmentation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, and changes in consumer spending patterns. If we misjudge the market for our products or demand for our products is impacted by other factors, such as inflationary pressures, political instability or other macroeconomic events, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, forced to rely on donations, markdowns, promotional sales or other to dispose of excess, inventory, which may negatively impact our gross margin, overall profitability and efficacy of our brands. Increases in our costs, such as raw materials, labor or freight could negatively impact our gross margin. Our costs for raw materials are affected by, among other things, weather, customer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus customer countries and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our co

[truncated]