Form 8 (DD) - Condor Gold Condor Gold PLC 17 December 2024 Condor Gold plc 7/8 Innovation Place Douglas Drive Godalming Surrey GU7 1JX Tel: +44 (0) 207 493 2784 17 December 2024 Condor Gold Plc ("Condor" or the "Company") Form 8 (DD) FORM 8 (DD) PUBLIC DEALING DISCLOSURE BY A PARTY TO AN OFFER OR PERSON ACTING IN CONCERT (INCLUDING DEALINGS FOR THE ACCOUNT OF DISCRETIONARY INVESTMENT CLIENTS) Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4 of the Takeover Code (the "Code") 1. KEY INFORMATION (a) Full name of discloser: John Ian Stalker (b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a): The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient. For a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named. (c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates: Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree Condor Gold Plc (d) Status of person making the disclosure: e.g. offeror, offeree, person acting in concert with the offeror/offeree (specify name of offeror/offeree) Non-Executive Director of Condor Gold Plc (Offeree) (e) Date dealing undertaken: 16 December 2024 (f) In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer? If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state "N/A" NO 2. POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security. (a) Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing Class of relevant security: Ordinary Shares of 0.1p Interests Short positions Number % Number % (1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled: 476,894 0.23% (2) Cash-settled derivatives: (3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell: TOTAL: 476,894 0.23% All interests and all short positions should be disclosed. Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions). Details of any securities borrowing and lending positions or financial collateral arrangements should be disclosed on a Supplemental Form 8 (SBL). (b) Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors' and other employee options) Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists: 2,300,000 Options- as follows: John Ian Salker Exercise Price (p) Grant Date Latest Exercise Date Number of Options 42 01 June 2020 31 May 2025 300,000 48 01 June 2021 31 May 2026 400,000 28.5 13 Sept 2022 13 Sept 2027 300,000 23 06 July 2023 05 July 2028 300,000 28 29 May 2024 29 May 2029 1,000,000 Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages: 3. DEALINGS BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in. The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated. (a) Purchases and sales (i) Party to an offer or person acting in concert (except for a principal trader in the same group as a connected adviser) Class of relevant security Purchase/sale Number of securities Price per unit (ii) Principal trader where the sole reason for the connection is that the principal trader is in the same group as a connected adviser Class of relevant security Purchases/ sales Total number of securities Highest price per unit paid/received Lowest price per unit paid/received (b) Cash-settled derivative transactions Class of relevant security Product description e.g. CFD Nature of dealing e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position Number of reference securities Price per unit (c) Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options) (i) Writing, selling, purchasing or varying Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc. Number of securities to which option relates Exercise price per unit Type e.g. American, European etc. Expiry date Option money paid/ received per unit (ii) Exercise Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Exercising/ exercised against Number of securities Exercise price per unit Oridnary Shares of 0.1p Option Exercised 100,000 22p per Ordinary Share (d) Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities) Class of relevant security Nature of dealing e.g. subscription, conversion Details Price per unit (if applicable) 4. OTHER INFORMATION (a) Indemnity and other dealing arrangements Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the party to the offer or person acting in concert making the disclosure and any other person: Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included. If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none" None (b) Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the party to the offer or person acting in concert making the disclosure and any other person relating to: (i) the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or (ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced: If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none" None (c) Attachments Are any Supplemental Forms attached? Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) NO Supplemental Form 8 (SBL) NO Date of disclosure: 17 December 2024 Contact name: John Ian Stalker Telephone number: +44 (0) 20 7493 2784 - Ends - For further information please visit www.condorgold.com or contact: Condor Gold plc Mark Child, CEO +44 (0) 20 7493 2784 Beaumont Cornish Limited Roland Cornish and James Biddle +44 (0) 20 7628 3396 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Ewan Leggat +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 H&P Advisory Limited Andrew Chubb, Matt Hasson, Jay Ashfield +44 207 907 8500 Cassopedia Limited Stefania Barbaglio +44 7949690338 Neither the Toronto Stock Exchange nor the London Stock Exchange, nor any other securities regulatory authority, has approved or disapproved of the contents of this announcement. Important information This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute, represent or form part of any offer, invitation or solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the UK may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. Beaumont Cornish ("BCL"), which is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), is acting as financial adviser exclusively for Condor and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Condor for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BCL, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BCL in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP ("SP Angel"), which is regulated by the FCA, is acting as adviser exclusively for Condor and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Condor for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither SP Angel, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of SP Angel in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. H&P Advisory Limited ("H&P"), which is regulated by the FCA, is acting as adviser exclusively for Condor and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Condor for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither H&P, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of H&P in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. MAR The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK Domestic Law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The person responsible for releasing this statement on behalf of the Company is Mark Child. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Condor Gold (CNR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and