Director’s Share Purchase & TVR Condor Gold PLC 17 December 2024 Condor Gold plc 7/8 Innovation Place Douglas Drive Godalming Surrey GU7 1JX Tel: +44 (0) 207 493 2784 17 December 2024 Condor Gold Plc ("Condor" or the "Company") Director's Share Purchase via Exercise of Options Issue of Equity Raising Gross Proceeds of £22,000 & TVR Condor Gold (AIM: CNR; TSX: COG) announces that pursuant to receipt of a notice for the exercise of options, relating to options granted in 2019 with an exercise price of 22p (the 2019 Options ) and as referred to in the Company's Scheme Document published on 11 December 2024, from John Ian Stalker, a Non-Executive Director (NED) of the Company, it is issuing 100,000 New Ordinary Shares with a nominal value of £0.001 each in the capital of the Company ( Shares ) at a subscription price of 22p per Share. A total of 100,000 Shares are to be issued to Ian Stalker. The Company has received gross proceeds of £22,000. Application has been made for the Shares to be admitted to trading on AIM ( Admission ), with Admission expected to occur on or around 20 December 2024. The Shares will rank pari passu with the existing Ordinary Shares, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared after the date of their issue. Director Shareholding Ian Stalker, NED, is to be issued 100,000 ordinary shares and will therefore now in conjuction with Promaco Consulting Services Limited, a company beneficially owned by Ian Stalker and Promaco Limited, a trust of which Ian Stalker is a potential beneficiary, own 476,894 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company representing 0.23% of the Company's issued ordinary shares following the issue of the Shares. Total Voting Rights Following Admission of the Shares, the Company will have 204,542,778 ordinary shares with a nominal value of £0.001 each in issue with voting rights and admitted to trading on AIM and the TSX. This figure may then be used by shareholders in the Company as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the share capital of the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rules and National Instrument 62-103 - The Early Warning System and Related Take-Over Bid and Insider Reporting Rules of the Canadian securities administrators. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations, provides further detail in respect of the transaction as described above. MAR DISCLOSURE Ian Stalker 1 D et ails of t h e p er son d is c h a r gi n g m a n ag er ial re s p o n si b i li t i e s / p er son c los e ly asso c ia te d a) Name John Ian Stalker 2 Reason for notification a) Position / status Non-Executive Director b) I niti a l noti f i ca t i on /Am e ndm e nt Initial 3 D et ails of t h e iss u er , e m ission allo w a n c e m a r k e t p a rt i c i p a n t , a u ct i on p la t f o r m , a u ct io n ee r or a uc t ion m o n i t or a) Name Condor Gold plc b) LEI 213800PFKETQA86RHL82 4 D et ails of t h e t r a n sa ct i o n ( s ) : s ect ion t o b e re p e a te d f or ( i ) e a c h t y p e of i n s tr u m e n t ; ( ii) e a c h t y p e of tr a n sa c t io n ; ( iii) e a c h d a te ; a n d ( i v) e a c h p la c e w h er e tr a n sa ct io n s h ave b ee n c o ndu cted a) D e s cr iption of the f in a n c i a l inst r um e nt, t y pe of inst r um e nt I d e nti f i ca tion c o d e 100,000 Ordinary shares of £0.001 each in Condor Gold plc ISIN GB00B8225591 Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary shares as described above c) Price(s) and volumes(s) Price(s) Volumes(s) 22 pence 100,000 d) Aggregated information n/a e) Date of the transaction 16 December 2024 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, AIM (XLON) - Ends - For further information please visit www.condorgold.com or contact: Condor Gold plc Mark Child, CEO +44 (0) 20 7493 2784 Beaumont Cornish Limited Roland Cornish and James Biddle +44 (0) 20 7628 3396 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Ewan Leggat +44 (0) 20 3470 0470 H&P Advisory Limited Andrew Chubb, Matt Hasson, Jay Ashfield +44 207 907 8500 Cassopedia Limited Stefania Barbaglio +44 7949690338 Stefania Barbaglio +44 7949 690338 Neither the Toronto Stock Exchange nor the London Stock Exchange, nor any other securities regulatory authority, has approved or disapproved of the contents of this announcement. Important information This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute, represent or form part of any offer, invitation or solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the UK may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. Beaumont Cornish ("BCL"), which is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), is acting as financial adviser exclusively for Condor and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Condor for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BCL, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BCL in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP ("SP Angel"), which is regulated by the FCA, is acting as adviser exclusively for Condor and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Condor for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither SP Angel, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of SP Angel in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. H&P Advisory Limited ("H&P"), which is regulated by the FCA, is acting as adviser exclusively for Condor and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Condor for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither H&P, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of H&P in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. MAR The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK Domestic Law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The person responsible for releasing this statement on behalf of the Company is Mark Child. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Condor Gold (CNR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and