Notice of Convening Hearing Condor Gold PLC 09 December 2024 For immediate release 9 December 2024 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE 7 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 596/2014 (MAR) AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018. Condor Gold plc ("Condor" or "the Company") Notice of Convening Hearing Further to the announcement made by the Company and Metals Exploration plc (" MTL ") on 4 December 2024 in relation to the proposed recommended offer (" Offer ") by MTL for the entire issued, and to be issued, ordinary share capital (the " Rule 2.7 Announcement "), the Board of Condor confirm that it has today, 6 December 2024, issued a Part 8 Claim Form in the Companies Court for an Order (" Order ") under Section 896 of the Companies Act 2006 to convene on 6 January 2025 at 10 a.m., a single meeting of the holders of its Ordinary Shares (the " Meeting ") for the purpose of considering and if thought fit approving (with or without modification) a scheme of arrangement (" Scheme ") proposed to be made between the Company and the holders of its shares (the "Scheme Shareholders") in order to give effect to the Offer. Further details regarding the proposed Scheme are set out in the Rule 2.7 Announcement. If the Court makes an Order that the Meeting be convened and if at the Meeting a majority in number representing 75% in value of the Scheme Shareholders present and voting either in person or by proxy agree to the proposed arrangements, the court may, on further application by the Company under Section 899 of the Companies Act 2006, sanction the proposed Scheme of Arrangement. A hearing of the Claim is listed on 9 December 2024 at 10.30am (the " Convening Hearing ").The Convening Hearing is to be held online and shareholders wishing to be represented at the Convening Hearing should contact the company secretary of the Company at cosec@condorgold.com . Scheme Shareholders are entitled to attend or be represented at both the Convening Hearing and the hearing of the Court at which the Company will seek an order sanctioning the Scheme, which is expected to be held on 13 January 2025. Subject to the Order being granted, a scheme document in relation to the proposed Scheme will be published in due course and a further announcement will be made at that time. Enquiries: Condor Gold plc Mark Child, CEO Tel: +44 (0) 207 493 2784 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Tel: +44 (0)207 628 3396 Roland Cornish / James Biddle SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Tel: +44 (0) 203 470 0470 Ewan Leggat H&P Advisory Limited Tel: +44 207 907 8500 Andrew Chubb, Franck Nganou, Ilya Demichev Cassiopeia (Investor Relations) Tel: +44 7949690338 Stefania Barbaglio Neither the Toronto Stock Exchange nor the London Stock Exchange, nor any other securities regulatory authority, has approved or disapproved of the contents of this announcement. Important information This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute, represent or form part of any offer, invitation or solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions outside the UK may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. Beaumont Cornish ("BCL"), which is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), is acting as financial adviser exclusively for Bird and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Bird for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BCL, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BCL in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP ("SP Angel") , which is regulated by the FCA, is acting as adviser exclusively for Bird and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Bird for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither SP Angel , nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of SP Angel in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. H&P Advisory Limited ("H&P"), which is regulated by the FCA, is acting as adviser exclusively for Bird and for no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than Bird for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the matters referred to in this announcement. Neither H&P, nor any of its affiliates, owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of H&P in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise. MAR The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014 as it forms part of UK Domestic Law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The person responsible for releasing this statement on behalf of the Company is Mark Child. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Condor Gold (CNR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and