CANADIAN NATIONAL
RAILWAY COMPANY
2025
ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
February 4, 2026
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Annual
Information
Form
MD&A 
(as filed on 
February 4, 2026)
ITEM 1     GENERAL INFORMATION AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 1
ITEM 2     INCORPORATION 3
2.1    Incorporation of the Issuer 3
2.2    Subsidiaries 3
ITEM 3     GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS 3
3.1    Strategy Overview 3 8-11
3.2    General Developments Over the Past Three Years 4
ITEM 4     DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS 10
4.1    Overview 10
4.2    Commodity Groups 10 21-26
4.3    Competitive Conditions 10 58
4.4    Labor 11 7
4.5    Social Policies 11
4.6    Regulation 12 6, 60-61
4.7    Environmental Matters 15 59
4.8    Legal Matters 17
4.9    Intangible Properties 17
4.10  Risk Factors 17 47-49, 58-66
ITEM 5     DIVIDENDS 17
ITEM 6     CAPITAL STRUCTURE 18
6.1    General Description of Capital Structure 18
6.2    Share Ownership Constraints 19
6.3    Ratings of Debt Securities 19
ITEM 7     TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR 20
ITEM 8     MARKET FOR SECURITIES 21
8.1    Trading Price and Volume 21
8.2    Prior Sales 21
ITEM 9     DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 22
9.1    Directors 22
9.2    Audit, Finance and Risk (AFR) Committee Disclosure 23
9.3    Executive Officers 26
9.4    Cease Trade Orders, Bankruptcies, Penalties or Sanctions 27
ITEM 10   INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL 
TRANSACTIONS 28
ITEM 11   INTEREST OF EXPERTS 28
ITEM 12   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 28
SCHEDULE A - CHARTER OF THE AUDIT, FINANCE AND RISK COMMITTEE 29
SCHEDULE B - GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 34
ITEM 1           GENERAL INFORMATION AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Except as otherwise indicated in this Annual Information Form ( AIF), the information contained herein is 
given as of December 31, 2025 . As used herein, references to the Company or CN, or we or us refer to 
Canadian National Railway Company and, as the context requires, its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All references in this AIF to dollars or $ are to Canadian dollars and all financial information reflected 
herein is determined on the basis of, and prepared in accordance with, United States generally accepted 
accounting principles (GAAP), unless otherwise indicated.
Certain statements included in this AIF or incorporated by reference herein are "forward-looking 
statements" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and 
under Canadian securities laws, including statements based on management’s assessment and 
assumptions and publicly available information with respect to CN. By their nature, forward-looking 
statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. CN cautions that its assumptions may not 
materialize and that current economic conditions render such assumptions, although reasonable at the 
time they were made, subject to greater uncertainty. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the 
use of terminology such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "assumes," "outlook," "plans," "targets," 
"goals," or other similar words.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and 
other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements of CN to be materially 
different from the outlook or any future results, performance or achievements implied by such 
statements. Accordingly, readers are advised not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 
Important risk factors that could affect the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, 
general economic and business conditions, including factors impacting global supply chains such as 
pandemics and geopolitical conflicts or tensions; trade restrictions, trade barriers, or the imposition of 
tariffs or other changes to international trade arrangements; industry competition; inflation, currency and 
interest rate fluctuations; changes in fuel prices; legislative and/or regulatory developments; compliance 
with environmental laws and regulations; actions by regulators and other regulatory claims or 
proceedings; increases in maintenance and operating costs; security threats; reliance on technology and 
related cybersecurity risk; transportation of hazardous materials; various events which could disrupt 
operations, including illegal blockades of rail networks, and natural events such as severe weather, 
droughts, fires, floods and earthquakes; climate change; labor negotiations and disruptions; 
environmental claims; uncertainties of investigations, proceedings and other types of claims and 
litigation; risks and liabilities arising from derailments; timing and completion of capital programs; the 
availability of and cost competitiveness of renewable fuels and the development of new locomotive 
propulsion technology; reputational risks; supplier concentration; pension funding requirements and 
volatility; and other risks detailed from time to time in reports filed by  CN with securities regulators in 
Canada and the  United States ( U.S.). Reference should be made to the discussion of business risks in 
CN’s 2025 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) for detailed information on major risk factors. 
The MD&A may be found online on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, on the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission’s (SEC) website at www.sec.gov through EDGAR, and on CN’s website at www.cn.ca in the 
"Investors" section. 
CN has sustainability-related commitments and climate goals, and continues to assess the impact on its 
operations of related initiatives, plans and proposals that CN and other stakeholders (including 
government, regulatory and other bodies) are pursuing in relation to climate change and carbon 
emissions. The achievement of CN’s climate goals is subject to several risks and uncertainties , including 
those disclosed in the section entitled  “Reputation” in the Business risks discussion located on pages 65 
to 66  of the MD&A. The achievement of these goals is also subject to circumstances outside of the 
Company’s control, including the availability and cost competitiveness of renewable fuels and the 
development and availability of new technologies, such as alternative propulsion locomotive 
2025 Annual Information Form
1
technologies, and the cooperation of third parties such as suppliers, customers, supply chain partners and 
regulators. There can be no certainty that the Company will achieve any or all of these goals within the 
stated timeframe, or that achieving any of these goals will meet all of the expectations of its stakeholders 
or applicable legal requirements. If the Company is unable to achieve its climate goals or satisfy the 
expectations of its stakeholders, its brand and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
Forward-looking statements reflect information as of the date on which they are made. CN assumes no 
obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect future events, changes in 
circumstances, or changes in beliefs, unless required by applicable securities laws. In the event CN does 
update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be made that CN will make additional updates 
with respect to that statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statement.  
Other than in instances where CN specifically provides otherwise, information contained on, or 
accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference in this AIF. 
2025 Annual Information Form
2
ITEM 2           INCORPORATION
2.1         INCORPORATION OF THE ISSUER
CN was incorporated in 1919 by special act of the Parliament of Canada with the appointment of its first 
Board of Directors ( Board of Directors ) by Order in Council in 1922. CN’s continuance under the Canada 
Business Corporations Act was authorized by the CN Commercialization Act and was effected by 
Certificate of Continuance dated August 24, 1995. On November 9, 1995, CN filed Articles of Amendment 
in order to subdivide its outstanding common shares ( common shares). As of November 28, 1995, CN 
ceased to be a Crown corporation and became a publicly held corporation with its common shares listed 
on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE) and the Toronto Stock Exchange ( TSX). On April 19, 2002, CN 
filed Articles of Amendment in order to provide that shareholder meetings may be held at certain 
specified locations in the U.S. Pursuant to amendments to the CN Commercialization Act , on May 24, 
2018, CN filed Articles of Amendment in order to increase the maximum percentage of voting shares of 
CN that can be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any one person together with their associates 
to 25%, up from the 15% limit imposed since CN became a public company in 1995 . Such constating 
documents are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Articles.
CN’s Articles provide that the head office of the Company shall be situated in the Montreal Urban 
Community, Province of Quebec, Canada. The Company’s registered and head office is located at 935 de 
La Gauchetière Street West, Montreal, Quebec, H3B  2M9, Canada, and its telephone number is 
1-888-888-5909.
2.2         SUBSIDIARIES
CN’s principal subsidiaries as of December 31, 2025, all of which are wholly-owned (directly or indirectly), 
and their jurisdiction of incorporation, are indicated below:
Corporate Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation
North American Railways, Inc. Delaware
Grand Trunk Corporation Delaware
Illinois Central Corporation Delaware
Illinois Central Railroad Company Illinois
Wisconsin Central Ltd. Delaware
The financial statements of each of the above principal subsidiaries are consolidated within CN’s 
financial statements.
ITEM 3           GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS
3.1         STRATEGY OVERVIEW
CN’s purpose is to power the economy by enabling global supply chains and moving goods sustainably 
and efficiently, working together with our customers, our people, and the communities in which we 
operate. CN is committed to delivering a safe, consistent and reliable scheduled service that creates 
value for customers, shareholders and stakeholders. CN’s "make the plan, run the plan, sell the plan" 
operating approach has driven strong operational, safety, and customer service outcomes.
CN aims to drive consistent shareholder returns over the long-term by striving for sustainable financial 
performance, including profitable top-line growth, strong free cash flow generation and return on invested 
2025 Annual Information Form
3
capital well above the Company’s cost of capital. CN also returns value to shareholders through dividend 
payments and share repurchases. In this regard, CN's strategy is focused on the following principles:
• Build service excellence, grow our business and invest in our people
• Disciplined capital allocation and execution
• Delivering Responsibly, at the heart of how CN is building for a sustainable future and anchored 
on five principles: environment, safety, people, community and governance.
For a further discussion of the Company’s business strategy throughout 2025 and anticipated 
developments for 2026 and beyond, please see the section entitled "Strategy overview" on pages 8 to 11 
of the MD&A, which pages are incorporated by reference herein. The MD&A may be found online on 
SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov through EDGAR, and on the 
Company’s website at www.cn.ca in the "Investors" section. 
3.2         GENERAL DEVELOPMENTS OVER THE PAST THREE YEARS
CN has undertaken various initiatives over the course of the last three years to continuously further the 
general development of its business, including acquisitions and business combinations, financial 
management initiatives, and other corporate initiatives, as further described below.
Significant transactions
Cape Breton & Central Nova Scotia Railway 
On November 1, 2023, the Company acquired from Genesee & Wyoming Inc. a stake in the Cape Breton & 
Central Nova Scotia Railway , a Class III short-line railroad that owns approximately 150 route miles. CN 
paid $78 million in cash, net of cash acquired and including working capital adjustments. 
Transfer of ownership of Quebec Bridge
On May 8, 2024, CN entered into an agreement to transfer the ownership and related risks and obligations 
of a road, rail, and pedestrian bridge known as the Quebec Bridge located in Quebec, Canada, to the 
Government of Canada for a nominal amount. On November 12, 2024, the transaction was completed. CN 
retains requisite rights to occupy and operate the portion of the bridge where the rail infrastructure is 
located and will pay an annual occupancy fee over a term that also includes a noncancellable period.  
Acquisition of Iowa Northern Railway Company
On December 6, 2023, the Company acquired the shares of the Iowa Northern Railway Company (IANR), a 
Class III short-line railroad that owns and leases approximately 175 route miles in northeast Iowa that are 
connected to CN’s U.S. rail network. CN paid US$230 million ($312 million), including transaction costs to 
date. IANR serves upper Midwest agricultural and industrial markets covering many goods, including 
biofuels and grain. This transaction represents a meaningful opportunity to support the growth of local 
business by creating single-line service to North American destinations, while preserving access to 
existing carrier options. 
The shares of IANR were deposited into an independent voting trust while the U.S Surface Transportation 
Board ( STB) considered the Company's application to acquire control of IANR. During the trust period, 
IANR continued to be operated under its current management and the Company could not exercise day-
to-day control. 
On January 14, 2025, the STB issued a final decision approving CN’s application to acquire control of 
IANR, subject to certain conditions. The Company assumed control of IANR on March 1, 2025.
2025 Annual Information Form
4
Financial management initiatives
Revolving credit facilities
The Company has two unsecured revolving credit facilities with a consortium of lenders. 
The unsecured credit facility of $ 2.5 billion is available for general corporate purposes and backstopping 
the Company's commercial paper programs. The facility consists of two tranches of $1.25 billion and was 
last amended on March 28, 2025 to extend the tenor of each tranche by one year to, respectively, March 
31, 2028 and March 31, 2030. This revolving credit facility agreement is structured as a sustainability 
linked loan whereby its applicable margins are adjusted up or down based on the Company's performance 
under certain sustainability goals. 
The unsecured credit facility of $1.0 billion is available for general corporate purposes, and was amended 
on March 28, 2025 to extend its tenor by one year to March 17, 2027.
Both credit facilities were amended in March 2023 to include fallback language addressing the cessation 
of Canadian Dollar Offered Rate ( CDOR) and adoption of the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average 
(CORRA) as the alternative benchmark. Accordingly, on March 28, 2024, the Company amended both 
credit facilities to transition from CDOR to CORRA. The credit facilities provide borrowings at various 
benchmark interest rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate  ( SOFR) and  CORRA, plus 
applicable margins, based on CN's credit ratings. 
Subject to the consent of the individual lenders, the Company may increase the revolving credit facilities 
by an additional $500 million each during their respective terms and to request an extension of the $2.5 
billion credit facility once a year to maintain the tenors of three year and five year of the respective 
tranches.
Both revolving credit facility agreements have one financial covenant, which limits debt as a percentage 
of total capitalization.  As at December 31, 2025 , t he Company was in compliance with its financial 
covenant and had no outstanding borrowings under these revolving credit facilities.
Equipment loans
The Company has various secured non-revolving term loan credit facilities for financing or refinancing the 
purchase of equipment. The equipment loans made under the non-revolving credit facilities have a tenor 
at inception varying from 15 to 20 years and are secured by rolling stock.
On March 31, 2023, the Company entered into new loan supplements to its existing agreement for an 
additional principal amount of US$304 million, which was available to be drawn, in Canadian or U.S. 
dollars, through March 31, 2024.  The Company drew on such facilities on March 22, 2024.
In addition, on November 3, 2023, the Company entered into a new term loan facility for a principal 
amount of $366 million, which was available to be drawn through November 4, 2024. The Company drew 
on such facility on October 29, 2024. 
On March 31, 2023, outstanding loans referencing the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR) were 
transitioned to SOFR. The facilities also included fallback language that addressed the cessation of CDOR 
and adoption of CORRA as the alternative benchmark and accordingly,  on March 21, 2024, the Company 
amended certain of its non-revolving term loan facilities to transition from CDOR to CORRA. Borrowings 
under the non-revolving term loan facilities are provided at SOFR or CORRA plus applicable margins.
2025 Annual Information Form
5
The Company repaid $88 million, $63 million and $41 million of its equipment loans in 2025, 2024 and 
2023, respectively. As at December 31, 2025, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $1,329 million, 
at a weighted-average interest rate of 3.85% and had no further amounts available to be drawn under 
these facilities.
Commercial paper
The Company has a commercial paper program in Canada and in the U.S. Both programs are 
backstopped by the Company's $2.5 billion  revolving credit facility. The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of commercial paper that can be issued is $2.5 billion, or the U .S. dollar equivalent, on a 
combined basis.The commercial paper programs, which are subject to market rates in effect at the time 
of financing, provide the Company with a flexible financing alternative, and can be used for general 
corporate purposes.  The cost of commercial paper and access to the commercial paper market in 
Canada and the U.S. are dependent on credit ratings and market conditions. If the Company were to lose 
access to its commercial paper program for an extended period of time, the Company could rely on its 
revolving credit facilities to meet its short-term liquidity needs.
The Company had total commercial paper borrowings of US $90 million ( $124 mi llion), US $501 million 
($721 million) and US$1,360 million ($1,801 million) as at December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023, 
respectively.
Accounts receivable securitization program
The Company has an agreement to sell an undivided co-ownership interest in a revolving pool of accounts 
receivable to unrelated trusts for maximum cash proceeds of $450 million.  On March 28, 2025, the 
Company extended the term of its agreement by one year to February 2, 2027. The trusts are multi-seller 
trusts and the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Funding for the acquisition of these assets is 
customarily through the issuance of asset-backed commercial paper notes by the unrelated trusts.
The Company has retained the responsibility for servicing, administering and collecting the receivables 
sold. The average servicing period is approximately one month and the interest on borrowings under the 
accounts receivable securitization program is renewed based on commercial paper rates then in effect, or 
CORRA or SOFR  if the commercial paper market is inaccessible.  Subject to customary indemnifications, 
each trust's recourse is limited to the accounts receivable transferred.
The accounts receivable securitization program provides the Company with readily available short-term 
financing for general corporate use.  In the event the program is no longer available before  its scheduled 
maturity, the Company expects to meet its future payment obligations through its various sources of 
financing including its revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program, and/or access to capital 
markets.
During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2023, the Company had  no proceeds from the accounts 
receivable securitization program and no repayments and had no outstanding borrowings under the 
accounts receivable securitization program. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company had 
proceeds from the accounts receivable securitization program of $450 million and repayments of $450 
million and had no outstanding borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization program.
Bilateral letter of credit facilities
The Company has a series of committed and uncommitted bilateral letter of credit facility agreements. On 
March 28, 2025, the Company extended the maturity date of its committed bilateral letter of credit facility 
agreements to April 28, 2028. The agreements are held with various banks to support the Company's 
requirements to post letters of credit in the ordinary course of business. Under these agreements, the 
2025 Annual Information Form
6
Company has the option from time to time to pledge collateral in the form of cash or cash equivalents, for 
a minimum term of one month, equal to at least the face value of the letters of credit outstanding.
As at December 31, 2025 , the Company had outstanding letters of credit of $321 million  under the 
committed facilities from a total available amount of $362 million and 153 million under the uncommitted 
facilities.
Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)
On January 24, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a NCIB for the repurchase of up to 32.0 million 
common shares between February 1, 2023 and January 31, 2024.
On January 23, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a NCIB for the repurchase of up to 32.0 million 
common shares between February 1, 2024 and January 31, 2025. 
On January 30, 2025, the Board of Directors approved a new NCIB, which allows for the repurchase of up 
to 20.0 million common shares between February 4, 2025 and February 3, 2026.
On January 30, 2026 , the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a new NCIB, which 
allows for the repurchase of up to 24.0 million common shares between February 4, 2026 and February 3, 
2027.
Reinvestment in the business 
In 2023, CN spent approximately $3.2 billion in its capital program, of which $1.6 billion was invested to 
maintain the safety and integrity of its network, particularly track infrastructure. CN's capital spending 
also included $0.9 billion for strategic initiatives to increase capacity, enable growth and improve network 
resiliency, including line capacity upgrades and information technology initiatives, and $0.7 billion on 
equipment, including the acquisition of 500 new grain hopper cars.
In 2024, CN spent approximately $3.5 billion in its capital program, of which $1.7 billion was invested to 
maintain the safety and integrity of its network, particularly track infrastructure. CN's capital spending 
also included $1.0 billion for strategic initiatives to increase capacity, enable growth and improve network 
resiliency, including line capacity upgrades and information technology initiatives, and $0.8 billion on 
equipment, including the acquisition of 750 new grain hopper cars.
In 2025, CN spent approximately $ 3.7 billion in its capital program, of which $ 1.8 billion was invested to 
maintain the safety and integrity of its network, particularly track infrastructure . CN's capital spending 
also included $1.4 billion for strategic initiatives to increase capacity, enable growth and improve network 
resiliency, including line capacity upgrades and information technology initiatives , and $ 0.5 billion on 
equipment.
Shelf prospectus and registration statement
On May 4, 2022, the Company filed a new shelf prospectus with Canadian securities regulators and a 
registration statement with the SEC, pursuant to which CN could issue up to $6.0 billion of debt securities 
in the Canadian and U.S. capital markets over a 25-month period following the filing date (collectively, the 
2022 shelf prospectus).
On May 10, 2023, under the 2022 shelf prospectu s, the Company issued $550 million 4.15% Notes due 
2030, $400 million 4.40% Notes due 2033 and $800 million 4.70% Notes due 2053 in the Canadian capital 
markets. 
2025 Annual Information Form
7
On November 1, 2023, under the 2022 shelf prospectus, the Company issued US$300 million ($416.25 
million) 5.85% Notes due 2033 and US$300 million ($416.25 million) 6.125% Notes due 2053 in the U.S 
capital markets. 
On April 2, 2024, the Company filed a shelf prospectus with Canadian securities regulators and a 
registration statement with the SEC, pursuant to which CN may issue debt securities in the Canadian and 
U.S. capital markets over a 25-month period following the filing date  (collectively, the 2024 shelf 
prospectus). This shelf prospectus and registration statement replaces CN's  2022 shelf prospectus and 
registration statement that was set to expire on June 4, 2024. 
On May 2, 2024, under the 2024 shelf prospectus and registration statement, the Company issued $700 
million 4.60% Notes due 2029 and $550 million 5.10% Notes due 2054 in the Canadian capital markets.
On September 18, 2024, under the 2024 shelf prospectus and registration statement, the Company issued 
US$750 million ($1,020 million) 4.375% Notes due 2034 in the U.S capital markets.
On June 10, 2025, under the 2024 shelf prospectus and registration statement, the Company issued $500 
million 3.50% Notes due 2030 and $500 million 4.20% Notes due in 2035 in the Canadian capital markets.
On November 12, 2025, under the 2024 shelf prospectus and registration statement, the Company issued 
US$300 million ($421 million) 4.20% Notes due 2031 and US $400 million ($561 million) 4.75% Notes due 
2035 in the U.S. capital markets.
Access to the Canadian and U.S. capital markets under the shelf prospectus and registration statement is 
dependent on market conditions.  The Company's access to long-term funds in the capital markets 
depends on its credit ratings and market conditions. The Company believes that it continues to have 
access to the capital markets. If the Company were unable to borrow funds at acceptable rates in the 
capital markets, the Company could borrow under its credit facilities, draw down on its accounts 
receivable securitization program, access the pledged cash under its letter of credit facilities, raise cash 
by disposing of surplus properties or otherwise monetizing assets, reduce discretionary spending or take 
a combination of these measures to assure that it has adequate funding for its business. 
For more information on the Company's capital markets transactions completed in 2025, please refer to 
the section entitled "Prior Sales" on page 21 of this AIF.
Labor matters
Many of our em ployees in Canada and the U.S. are unionized and are covered by collective agreements. 
CN is involved in several ongoing negotiations concerning labor matters, including the negotiation of new 
collective agreements as described below. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to 
reach a tentative agreement without a strike or lockout or that the resolution of these negotiations, or the 
outcome of any arbitration or litigation, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results 
of operations or financial position.
The Company’s existing collective agreements remain in effect until the bargaining process outlined 
under the Canada Labor Code or the U.S. Railway Labor Act has been exhausted.
For a further discussion of CN’s labor negotiations, please see the section entitled "Labor and work force 
negotiations" in the 2025 Highlig

---

ness, CN has the capability to issue commercial paper with 
maturities of less than 12 months. As at December 31, 2025, CN had total commercial paper borrowings 
of US$90 million ($124 million). The weighted-average interest rate on these borrowings was 3.79%.
ITEM 9           DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
9.1         DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company are elected by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the 
Company, and hold office until their term expires at the subsequent Annual General Meeting, subject to 
resignation, retirement, or re-election. The following table lists the CN directors as of the date hereof: 
Name &
Province or State and 
Country of Residence Director Since Current Principal 
Occupation
Principal Occupations held in 
the Preceding Five Years 
(if different from the current 
principal occupation)
Shauneen Bruder
Ontario, Canada
April 25, 2017 Corporate Director
Chair of the Board, CN —
David Freeman
Tennessee, U.S.
May 20, 2022 Corporate Director —
Denise Gray
Michigan, U.S.
April 27, 2021 Corporate Director Director, External Affairs & 
Government Relations, North 
America, LG Energy Solution 
Michigan Inc. 
President, LG Energy Solution 
Michigan Inc., Tech Center
Justin M. Howell
Washington, U.S.
April 27, 2021 Corporate Director Senior Investment Manager, 
Cascade Asset Management Co.
Susan C. Jones
Alberta, Canada
May 20, 2022 Corporate Director —
Robert Knight
Florida, U.S.
May 20, 2022 Corporate Director —
2025 Annual Information Form
22
Michel Letellier
Quebec, Canada
October 1, 2022 President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Innergex 
Renewable Energy Inc.
—
Margaret A. McKenzie
Alberta, Canada
October 6, 2020 Corporate Director —
Al Monaco
Alberta, Canada
April 25, 2023 Corporate Director President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Enbridge Inc.
Madeleine Paquin
Quebec, Canada
October 29, 2025 Corporate Director President and Chief
Executive Officer of Logistec 
Corporation
Jo-ann dePass 
Olsovsky
Texas, U.S.
October 27, 2021 Corporate Director Executive Vice-President and 
Chief Information Officer, 
Salesforce.com, Inc.
Tracy Robinson
Alberta, Canada
Quebec, Canada  
February 28, 
2022
President and Chief 
Executive Officer, CN
Executive Vice-President, TC 
Energy Corporation
President, Canadian Natural Gas 
Pipelines, TC Energy Corporation
President, Coastal GasLink, TC 
Energy Corporation
Committee Membership
As of the date hereof, the membership of each committee of the Board of Directors is composed of the 
following directors: 
Audit, Finance and Risk 
(AFR) Committee
Governance and 
Sustainability (GS) 
Committee
Human Resources and 
Compensation (HRC) 
Committee
Safety and Environment 
(SE) Committee
Robert Knight (chair)
Shauneen Bruder
David Freeman
Susan C. Jones
Michel Letellier
Margaret A. McKenzie
Al Monaco (chair)
Shauneen Bruder
Denise Gray
Justin M. Howell
Michel Letellier
Jo-ann dePass Olsovsky 
(chair)
Shauneen Bruder
Denise Gray
Justin M. Howell
Robert Knight
Susan C. Jones (chair)
Shauneen Bruder
David Freeman
Margaret A. McKenzie
Al Monaco
Jo-ann dePass Olsovsky
9.2         AUDIT, FINANCE AND RISK (AFR) COMMITTEE DISCLOSURE
Composition of the AFR Committee
As of the date hereof, the AFR Committee is composed of six independent directors. The Board of 
Directors believes that all AFR Committee members reflect a high level of financial literacy and 
experience, each of them having been determined by the Board of Directors to be financially literate, as 
such term is defined under Canadian securities laws, and as such qualification is interpreted by the Board 
of Directors as required under NYSE corporate governance standards, based on their respective 
education and experience. 
The following is a description of the education and experience of each member of the AFR Committee 
that is relevant to the performance of their responsibilities as a member of the committee:
Mr. Robert Knight, Chair of the AFR Committee since May 2, 2025, is a corporate director and the former 
Chief Financial Officer of Union Pacific Corporation, a position he held for 15 years before retiring in 
2025 Annual Information Form
23
December 2019. For seven consecutive years, Mr. Knight was named to Institutional Investor magazine’s 
All-America Executive Team as the top CFO in all of transportation. During Mr. Knight’s 40-year tenure at 
Union Pacific Corporation, he held a variety of senior executive positions, including General Manager of 
the company’s energy and automotive business units. As a proven leader with extensive experience in 
finance, strategy and corporate governance, Mr. Knight also serves as a director and member of the 
compensation committee and of the governance committee at Schneider National, Inc., a U.S. 
transportation and logistics company, and as director and chair of the audit committee at Hyliion 
Holdings Corp., a provider of electrified powertrain solutions headquartered in Austin, Texas. He was 
previously a director at Carrix Corporation, a private transportation services company. Mr. Knight holds a 
Master of Business Administration degree from Southern Illinois University and a Bachelor of Arts from 
Kansas State University.
Ms. Shauneen Bruder is the Chair of the CN Board of Directors since May 20, 2022. In 2019, she retired as 
Executive Vice-President, Operations at the Royal Bank of Canada ( RBC) where she was responsible for 
overseeing operations related to all personal and business clients in Canada. Prior to this role, she 
previously served for RBC as Executive Vice-President of Business and Commercial Banking, Chief 
Operating Officer of the Global Wealth Management division and President of RBC Centura Bank, Inc. in 
North Carolina. Ms. Bruder is a former director and member of the audit, finance and risk committee of 
Andrew Peller Limited. She is also a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors and has obtained the 
Competent Boards Climate & Biodiversity Designation (CCB.D). Previously, she served as chair of the 
Board of Governors for the University of Guelph and as the chairperson of the Canadian Chamber of 
Commerce and the Canadian American Busine

---

the financial statements of certain of the Company’s subsidiaries.
Audit-related fees are for services related to the audits of the Company’s various pension plan financial 
statements, attestation and assurance services in connection with sustainability-related reports and other 
reports required by statute or regulation and services rendered in connection with the issuance of debt.
Tax fees are for services related to tax compliance including assistance with the preparation and review 
of tax returns for expatriate employees, corporate tax returns and other tax compliance services related to 
transfer pricing and indirect tax.
2025 Annual Information Form
25
All Other fees are for advisory services related to non-audit projects.
Non-Audit Services
The charter of the AFR Committee (attached as Schedule A to this AIF) provides that the AFR Committee 
determines which non-audit services the external auditors are prohibited from providing, approves audit 
services and pre-approves permitted non-audit services to be provided by the external auditors. The AFR 
Committee and the Board of Directors have adopted resolutions prohibiting the Company from engaging 
KPMG to provide certain non-audit services to the Company and its subsidiaries, including bookkeeping or 
other services related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial information systems 
design and implementation, appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions, or contribution in-kind 
reports, actuarial services, internal audit outsourcing services, management functions or human 
resources functions, broker or dealer, investment adviser, or investment banking services and legal 
services and expert services unrelated to the audit. Pursuant to such resolutions, the Company may 
engage KPMG to provide non-audit services, including tax services, other than the prohibited services 
listed above, but only if the services have specifically been pre-approved by the AFR Committee.
9.3         EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The following table lists the CN executive officers as of the date hereof:
Name &
Province or State and 
Country of Residence
Office held at CN
 Principal Occupations held in the Preceding 
Five Years 
(if different from the current office held at CN)
Tracy Robinson
Alberta, Canada 
Quebec, Canada
President and Chief Executive 
Officer
Executive Vice-President, TC Energy 
Corporation
President, Canadian Natural Gas Pipelines, TC 
Energy Corporation
President, Coastal GasLink, TC Energy 
Corporation
Ghislain Houle
Quebec, Canada
Executive Vice-President and 
Chief Financial Officer —
Janet Drysdale
Quebec, Canada
Executive Vice-President and 
Chief Commercial Officer
Senior Vice-President and Chief Stakeholder 
Relations Officer, CN
Vice-President, Investor Relations & 
Sustainability, CN 
Vice-President Financial Planning & 
Sustainability, CN
Vice-President Sustainability, CN
Vice-President Financial Planning, CN
Bhushan Ivaturi
Alberta, Canada
Executive Vice-President and 
Chief Information and 
Technology Officer
Senior Vice-President and Chief Information 
Officer, Enbridge
Patrick Whitehead
Quebec, Canada
Executive Vice-President and 
Chief Operating Officer
Executive Vice-President and Chief Network 
Operating Officer, CN
Senior Vice-President, Network Operations, CN
Vice-President, Eastern Region, CN
General Manager (Chicago), CN
Vice-President, Transportation, Norfolk 
Southern Railway
Olivier Chouc
Quebec, Canada
Senior Vice-President and
Chief Legal Officer
Vice-President, Law, CN
2025 Annual Information Form
26
Josée Girard
Quebec, Canada
Senior Vice-President and Chief
Human Resources Officer
Chief People and Purpose Officer, Ivanhoé 
Cambridge
Executive Vice-President, Organizational 
Alignment and Human Resources, Ivanhoé 
Cambridge
Patrick Lortie
Quebec, Canada
Senior Vice-President and Chief 
Strategy and Stakeholder 
Relations Officer
Senior Vice-President and Chief Strategy 
Officer, CN
Partner & Global Transportation Practice 
Leader, Oliver Wyman
Partner, Oliver Wyman
The executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are 
appointed subject to resignation, retirement or removal by the Board of Directors. As at January 22, 2026, 
the directors and the executive officers of the Company, as a group, beneficially owned, or exercised 
control or direction, directly or indirectly, over an aggregate of approximately 290.9 thousand common 
shares of the Company, representing approximately 0.05% of the outstanding common shares.
9.4         CEASE TRADE ORDERS, BANKRUPTCIES, PENALTIES OR SANCTIONS
To the knowledge of the Company and based on information provided by the CN’s directors and executive 
officers, none of its directors or executive officers is or has been, in the last 10 years, a director, chief 
executive officer or chief financial officer of any company (including CN) that: (a) was subject to a cease 
trade or similar order or an order that denied such company access to any exemption under securities 
legislation, in each case for a period of more than 30 consecutive days, (each an Order) that was issued 
while such person was acting in the capacity of director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer of 
such company; or (b) was subject to an Order that was issued after that person ceased to be a director, 
chief executive officer or chief financial officer of such company and which resulted from an event that 
occurred while that person was acting in the capacity as director, chief executive officer or chief financial 
officer of such company.
Except as disclosed in this section, to the knowledge of the Company and based on information provided 
by its directors and executive officers, no director or executive officer (i) is or has been, in the last 10 
years, a director or executive officer of a company (including CN) that, while such person was acting in 
that capacity or within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a 
proposal under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any 
proceedings, ar

---

programs relating to treasury operations, credit facilities and credit ratings, and 
financial risks and contingent exposures;
• the funding of CN’s Pension Plans, the investment management performance of the CN Investment Division 
and the activities of the Pension Advisory Working Committee;
• CN’s risk assessment and enterprise risk management process, policies and practices; and
• any additional matters delegated to the AFR Committee by the Board.
2. MEMBERSHIP
• Number. The Board shall appoint a minimum of four directors to be members of the AFR Committee, one of 
whom shall be a member of the HRC Committee.
• Independent Directors . Only independent directors, as determined by the Board and under Canadian and 
U.S. corporate governance standards, may be appointed. A member of the AFR Committee may not, other 
than in his or her capacity as a director or member of a Board committee and subject to the exceptions 
provided in Canadian and U.S. laws and regulations, accept directly or indirectly any fee from CN or any 
subsidiary of CN nor be an affiliated person of CN or any subsidiary of CN.
• Qualifications. Each member must be “financially literate” and at least one member must be an “audit 
committee financial expert”, as determined by the Board.
• Simultaneous Service . Because of the AFR Committee’s demanding role and responsibilities, the Board 
Chair, together with the GS Committee chair, shall review any invitation to the AFR Committee members to 
join the audit committee of another entity. Where a member of the AFR Committee simultaneously serves on 
the audit committee of more than three public companies, including CN, the Board shall determine whether 
such simultaneous service impairs the ability of such member to effectively serve on the AFR Committee 
and either requires a correction to the situation or discloses in CN’s Information Circular that there is no 
such impairment.
3. MEETINGS
• Meetings. The AFR Committee shall meet at least four times annually, or more frequently as circumstances 
dictate. Such meetings may be held by telephone or by any other means which enables all participants to 
communicate with each other simultaneously and as necessary.
• Quorum. A quorum for the transaction of business at an AFR Committee meeting shall be a majority of the 
AFR Committee members.
• Timing. The AFR Committee shall typically meet one day prior to CN’s Board meetings, or as otherwise 
required.
• Meeting Without Management. Each AFR Committee meeting will include a portion without the presence of 
management.
• Access to Outside Advisers . As appropriate, the AFR Committee may retain independent advisors to help it 
carry out its responsibilities, including fixing such advisors’ fees and retention terms, subject to advising the 
Board Chair. The AFR Committee has the authority to independently make arrangements for the appropriate 
funding for payment of any advisors retained by it. The Board will make arrangements for the appropriate 
funding for all administrative expenses necessary or appropriate to allow the AFR Committee to carry out its 
duties.
• Reporting. The AFR Committee shall report to the Board following each regularly scheduled meeting of the 
AFR Committee, or more frequently if circumstances warrant, on the AFR Committee’s activities.
2025 Annual Information Form
29
4. RESPONSIBILITIES
The AFR Committee will be responsible for overseeing the performance of the following functions:
A. AUDIT FUNCTIONS
• Overseeing Financial Reporting . The AFR Committee shall monitor and review the quality and integrity of 
CN’s accounting and financial reporting process, which includes:
◦ monitoring the quality and integrity of CN’s accounting and financial reporting process through 
discussions with management, the external auditors and the internal auditors;
◦ reviewing with management and the external auditors and recommending for approval to the Board 
both the annual audited financial statements to be included in the annual report of CN and the 
quarterly consolidated financial statements of CN and accompanying information, including in each 
case CN’s MD&A disclosure and earnings press releases prior to their release, filing and 
distribution;
◦ reviewing with management and the external auditors and recommending for approval to the Board 
the annual audited financial statements of CN’s pension trust funds of CN’s Pension Plans 
("Pension Trust Funds");
◦ reviewing the level and type of financial information provided, from time to time, to financial 
markets;
◦ reviewing and recommending for approval to the Board the financial information contained in the 
annual information form, prospectuses or other offering documents and other reports or 
documents, financial or otherwise, requiring Board approval;
◦ reviewing with the external auditors and management, the quality, appropriateness and disclosure 
of CN’s accounting principles and policies, underlying assumptions and reporting practices, and 
any proposed changes thereto, as well as any significant financial reporting issues and judgments 
made in connection with the preparation of financial statements, including without limitation (i) all 
critical accounting policies and practices used, (ii) any alternative treatments of financial 
information that have been discussed with management, the ramification of their use and the 
treatment preferred by the external auditors, as well as (iii) any other material written 
communications between CN and the external auditors (including a disagreement, if any, with 
management and any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response);
◦ reviewing the external auditors’ reports on the annual consolidated financial statements and 
internal controls over financial reporting of CN and on the annual financial statements of CN’s 
Pension Trust Funds;
◦ reviewing the external auditors’ quarterly review engagement reports on the quarterly consolidated 
financial statements of CN;
◦ reviewing the compliance of management certification of financial reports with applicable 
legislation; and
◦ reviewing the results of the externa

---

is includes:
◦ recommending to the Board and CN’s shareholders the appointment and, if appropriate, the 
removal of external auditors for CN and CN’s Pension Trust Funds, evaluating and remunerating 
them, and monitoring their qualifications, performance and independence;
◦ approving and overseeing the disclosure of all audit, review and attest services provided by the 
external auditors, determining which non-audit services the external auditors are prohibited from 
providing, and pre-approving and overseeing the disclosure of permitted non-audit services by the 
external auditors to CN or any of its subsidiaries, in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations;
◦ approving all fees paid to the external auditors;
◦ reviewing at least annually, a report by the external auditors describing their internal quality-control 
procedures; any material issues raised by their most recent internal quality-control review of their 
firm, or peer review, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, 
within the preceding five years, respecting one or more audits carried out by them, to the extent 
available, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues;
◦ reviewing at least annually, the formal written statement from the external auditors stating all 
relationships the external auditors have with CN and confirming their independence, and holding 
discussions with the external auditors as to any relationship or services that may impact their 
objectivity or independence; 
◦ reviewing hiring policies for employees or former employees of CN’s external auditors; and
◦ ensuring the rotation of lead, concurring and other audit partners, to the extent required by 
Canadian corporate governance standards and US corporate governance standards.
• Communications with Auditors and Management . The AFR Committee has direct communication channels 
with the internal and external auditors to discuss and review specific issues, as appropriate. In addition, each 
must meet separately with the AFR Committee, without management, quarterly, and more frequently as 
required; the AFR Committee must also meet separately with management quarterly, and more frequently as 
required.
• Communications with Investors. The AFR Committee shall oversee CN’s policies and procedures related to 
disclosure of financial and other material information to investors and the processes in place to ensure the 
information is accurate, complete and consistent with other public disclosures made by CN; the AFR 
Committee will ensure procedures in place for the review of CN’s disclosure of financial information 
extracted or derived from CN’s financial statements and periodically assessing the adequacy of those 
procedures.
B. FINANCE MATTERS
• Operating and Capital Plans. Following the Board’s annual approval of CN’s strategic and business plan, and 
overall capital allocation plan and shareholder distributions (including with respect to dividends and share 
repurchases), the AFR Committee shall monitor performance against CN’s annual operating plans, capital 
expenditures programs and capital allocation plans, including monitoring CN’s capital structure and cash 
flows, and the alignment of these plans to CN’s long-term strategy.
• Financial Policy and Financings. The AFR Committee shall review and make recommendations to the Board 
relating to CN’s financial policies and financing plans, including:
◦ treasury operations such as the opportunity and parameters of debt and equity financings and the 
prepayment, redemption, repurchase or defeasance of any indebtedness;
◦ the use of financial derivatives and hedging activities;
◦ loans, guarantees of the credit of others, or other extensions of credit by CN; and
◦ significant additional voluntary pension contributions above current service cost and above any 
required special payments that would materially impact CN’s capital allocation plan, in each case 
that exceed any delegation of authority to management.
2025 Annual Information Form
31
• Credit Ratings . The AFR Committee shall regularly review CN’s credit ratings and monitor CN’s activities 
relating to credit rating agencies.
• Credit Facilities. The AFR Committee shall review CN’s credit facilities, including amendments thereto, and 
review compliance by CN with its financial covenants.
• Significant Investments. The AFR Committee shall receive regular reports from management on the status 
and risks related to CN’s significant or strategic investments, such that the AFR Committee may monitor the 
execution of such investments against objectives and oversee any related risks.
C. RISK MANAGEMENT
• Risk Monitoring and Assessment . The AFR Committee shall oversee and monitor management’s 
assessment of CN’s major risk exposures, defined as exposures that have the potential to materially impact 
CN’s ability to meet or support its business objectives, and report to the Board on any significant risks. This 
includes reviewing:
◦ principal risks and their potential impact on CN’s ability to achieve its business and financial 
objectives, including, in coordination with the GS, HRC and SE Committees, any risks overseen by 
such Committees and the adequacy and effectiveness of applicable internal controls related to 
such risks; 
◦ CN’s processes and policies for identifying, assessing and managing risks, including CN’s 
insurance coverage, to satisfy itself as to the effective risk management of all risks to CN’s 
business; 
◦ management’s oversight of matters relating to non-operating information technology, cyber 
security or data governance affecting CN and CN’s information technology systems;
◦ CN’s business continuity plans and disaster recovery plans; and any litigation, claim or other 
contingency, any investigations and any regulatory or accounting initiatives that could have a 
material effect upon the financial position or operating results of CN.
• Enterprise Risk Management. The AFR Committee shall be responsible for the overall oversight of CN’s 
enterprise risk management program and the work carried out by management in this regard. This shall

---

CN’s Standing Resolutions on Delegation of 
Authority, including the delegation of authority to approve financing transactions and other matters.
E. PENSION AND INVESTMENT
• Pension Plan Funding . The AFR Committee shall oversee and review the funding and investment 
management of CN’s Pension Plans. In this regard, the AFR Committee shall:
◦ approve CN’s overall pension risk management strategy and report thereon to the Board;
◦ approve all of CN’s Pension Trust Funds investments made in any one real estate property, 
resource property, the shares or debt of any single corporation not listed on a prescribed stock 
exchange as defined in the Income Tax Act (Canada), or any investment in a single externally 
managed fund in any asset class with a non-redeemable investment term averaging more than five 
years, including real estate, oil and gas, private equities, private debt, infrastructure, and absolute 
return, for which the aggregate investment exceeds CAD $150,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof), 
except when the loan or interest is by way of a first mortgage. Debt securities included in standard 
investment-grade Canadian bond indices are excluded from this requirement;
◦ review and recommend to the Board changes to the Statement of Investment Policies and 
Procedures and Derivative Policy for CN’s Pension Trust Funds for approval, including the 
investment beliefs and principles that are to underly investment decisions to ensure alignment with 
CN’s overall values and risk tolerance; and
◦ review and recommend to the Board actuarial valuations and funding of CN’s Pension Plans.
• Pension Advisory Working Committee
◦ review and recommend to the Board the governance structure of the management Pension 
Advisory Working Committee; and
◦ appoint members of the management Pension Advisory Working Committee and its Chair.
• Investment Division . Oversee, through the Pension Advisory Working Committee, the Investment Division 
performance on investment of assets of CN’s Pension Trust Funds in accordance with the Statement of 
Investment Policies and Procedures approved by the Board, as well as the funded status of CN’s Pension 
Plans more broadly.
5. EVALUATION OF THE AFR COMMITTEE
• Review. The AFR Committee will review and assess its mandate annually or otherwise as it deems 
appropriate and shall report to the Board regularly on its deliberations and annually on the adequacy of its 
mandate.
• Assessment. At least annually, the AFR Committee will review its effectiveness in fulfilling its 
responsibilities and duties as set out in its mandate.
6. GENERAL
Nothing contained in the above mandate is intended to assign to the AFR Committee the Board’s responsibility to 
ensure CN’s compliance with applicable laws or regulations or to expand applicable standards of liability under 
statutory or regulatory requirements for the directors or the members of the AFR Committee. Even though the AFR 
Committee has a specific mandate and its members may have financial experience and expertise, it is not the duty of 
the AFR Committee to plan or conduct audits, or to determine that CN’s financial statements are complete and 
accurate and are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Such matters are the responsibility of 
management, the internal auditors and the external auditors.
Members of the AFR Committee are entitled to rely, absent knowledge to the contrary, on (i) the integrity of the 
persons and organizations from whom they receive information, (ii) the accuracy and completeness of the 
information provided, and (iii) representations made by management as to the non-audit services provided to CN by 
the external auditors.
2025 Annual Information Form
33
SCHEDULE B
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS
Certain terms used in this Annual Information Form are defined below:
AFR Committee:  the Audit, Finance and Risk 
Committee
AIF: the Annual Information Form
BLE: Bessemer & Lake Erie Railroad Company
Board of Directors: the Board of Directors of the 
Company
CBP: the U.S. Customs and Border Protection
CBSA: the Canada Border Services Agency
CDOR: the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate
CIRB: the Canadian Industrial Relations Board
Circular: the Company’s Management 
Information Circular prepared in respect of its 
most recent annual meeting of shareholders 
held on May 2, 2025
CN,Company, we or us:  the Canadian National 
Railway Company
CNTL: Canadian National Transportation 
Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Company
common shares:  the outstanding common 
shares of CN
CORRA: the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate 
Average
CTA: the Canadian Transportation Agency
DBRS: DBRS Morningstar
DHS: the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Financial Statements:  CN’s 2025 Annual 
Consolidated Financial Statements
FRA: the Federal Railroad Administration
GAAP: the United States generally accepted 
accounting principles
GS Committee:  the Governance and 
Sustainability Committee
GTW: Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company
HRC Committee:  the Human Resources and 
Compensation Committee
IANR: the Iowa Northern Railway Company
IBEW: the International Brotherhood of Electric 
Worker
ICC: Illinois Central Corporation
Innergex: Innergex Renewable Energy Inc.
Internal Controls:  Monitoring Internal Controls 
over Financial Reporting
IRAP: Indigenous Reconciliation Action Plan
KPMG: KPMG LLP
LIBOR: the London Interbank Offered Rate
MD&A: the Company’s Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis
Minister: the Minister of Transport
Moody’s: Moody’s Investors Service
NCCC: National Carriers Conference Committee
NCIB: the Normal Course Issuer Bid
NYSE: the New York Stock Exchange
Order: a cease trade or similar order or an order 
that denied a company access to any exemption 
under securities legislation, in each case for a 
period of more than 30 consecutive days
PCD: Pittsburgh and Conneaut Dock Company
Pension Trust Funds: CN pension trust funds of 
CN Pension Plans
PHMSA: the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Administration
RBC: the Royal Bank of Canada
RLA: Railway Labor Act
RSA: the Railway Safety Act
RTMs: Revenue ton miles
S&P: S&P Global Ratings Canada
SE Com