BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail plc reported a 2% group revenue growth to £1,433 million in Q1 FY27, driven by a strong 14.6% revenue increase in B&M France, which saw like-for-like sales rise by 5.3%. B&M UK's revenue grew by 0.3% to £1,135 million, though like-for-like sales declined by 2.3% due to a slower start in garden and outdoor categories, with general merchandise returning to growth in May and June. Heron Foods contributed positively with 2.8% revenue growth and a 2.6% increase in like-for-like sales. The company is focused on rebuilding group profitability through initiatives like SKU rationalisation in FMCG and expects continued improvement in the general merchandise trading margin. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 15 July 2026 15 July 2026 Q1 FY27 Trading Statement Group revenue growth of 2% driven by strong performance at B&M France B&M European Value Retail plc ('the Group'), the UK's leading variety goods value retailer, today provides a trading update for the first quarter ('Q1') of its current financial year ('FY27'), relating to the 13 week period from 29 March to 27 June 2026. Tjeerd Jegen , Chief Executive Officer , said, "Our first quarter is our seasonally most variable for sales, and the previously mentioned slower start to our garden season against a very strong comparable last year made this especially so in Q1. Against this backdrop, the like-for-like sales decline at B&M UK was expected, but it was pleasing to see our general merchandise categories return to growth in May and June, and our garden and outdoor inventories ending the season at normal stock levels. France performed strongly, showing how consistent execution of the B&M model can drive higher footfall and positive sales in a competitive retail market. As with Heron, which also delivered positive sales growth in the quarter, the smaller contribution of garden and outdoor categories to sales resulted in a like-for-like performance that is less impacted by seasonal factors, and more in keeping with the outcome we are working hard to achieve for B&M UK under Back to B&M Basics. We continued to deliver on our Back to B&M Basics plan to support a recovery in like-for-like FMCG sales at B&M UK . This includes sharpening our FMCG ranges through SKU rationalisation, which is now well underway across our UK stores and will be 75% complete by the end of July. Our B&M UK general merchandise trading margin continued the upward trend we communicated with FY26 results, which together with our ongoing focus on cost mitigation underscore our confidence in rebuilding Group profitability over time." Highlights Revenue performance Q1 FY27 £m YoY% 1 LFL % B&M UK 2 1,135m 0.3% (2.3)% B&M France 156m 14.6% 5.3% Heron Foods 142m 2.8% 2.6% Group 1,433m 2.0% · Group revenue grew by +2.0% year-on-year (YoY) in Q1 (+1.7% constant currency 3 ), led by strong revenue growth in B&M France (+14.6%) and a positive sales contribution from Heron Foods (+2.8%) · B&M UK delivered Q1 revenue growth of +0.3%. Like-for-like 4 (LFL) sales declined by (2.3)% due to a slower start to garden and outdoor sales compared with last year, when unusually early warm and dry weather drove +10.9% LFL sales growth in April 2025. General merchandise LFL sales returned to growth in May and June, offsetting a decline in FMCG LFL sales · Continued inventory discipline and effective clearance have resulted in normal seasonal stock levels as we exit the garden season, in line with our expectations · Our UK FMCG trading margin remained below prior year levels in Q1 as expected as we continued to invest in price in a competitive FMCG marketplace. Our UK general merchandise trading margin was higher than last year and we expect a continuation in this YoY improvement in the year ahead as we land our autumn and winter collections · B&M France delivered +14.6% revenue growth in Q1 (+12.3% constant currency), driven by an acceleration in LFL sales to +5.3% (versus +1.7% in Q4 FY26) and new store openings. Strong retail execution, effective merchandising and the attractiveness of our customer offer continued to drive growth in footfall, with a mid-single-digit rise in LFL transaction volumes during the quarter · Heron Foods grew revenue by +2.8% and saw a pleasing recovery in LFL sales in Q1, which rose by +2.6%. Successful Easter sales, positive contributions from clearance and encouraging results from our ongoing range reviews enabled positive sales across the quarter · On 24 June 2026, we announced the appointment of Atheeq Akbar as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director, effective February 2027. Atheeq brings a wealth of UK retail experience to B&M from ASDA, Morrisons and Tesco. Peter Waterhouse will remain Interim CFO in the meantime to ensure a seamless transition Notes: 1. Unless otherwise stated, B&M France Q1 year-on-year total revenue growth % is calculated in GBP. 2. References in this announcement to the B&M business include the B&M fascia stores in the UK except for the 'B&M Express' fascia stores. References in this announcement to the Heron Foods business include both the Heron Foods fascia and B&M Express fascia convenience stores in the UK. 3. Constant currency comparison involves restating the prior year Euro revenues using the same exchange rate as that used to translate the current year Euro revenues. 4. One-year like-for-like revenues exclude wholesale revenues and include each store's revenue for that part of the current period that falls at least 14 months after it opened compared with its revenue for the corresponding part of FY26. This 14-month approach has been adopted as it excludes the 2-month halo period which new stores experience following opening. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc For further information please contact: +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations Investor.relations@bandmretail.com Media For media please contact: Sam Cartwright, H-advisors, sam.cartwright@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7827 254 561 Jonathan Cook, H-advisors, jonathan.cook@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7730 777 865 Disclaimer This announcement contains statements which are or may be deemed to be 'forward-looking statements'. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on events or circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. All forward-looking statements in this announcement reflect the Company's present view with respect to future events as at the date of this announcement. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results in future periods may and often do differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, UK MAR, the UK Listing Rules or FCA requirements, the Company undertakes no obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this announcement that may occur due to any change in its expectations or to reflect any events or circumstances arising after the date of this announcement. About B&M European Value Retail plc B&M European Value Retail plc is a variety retailer with 797 stores in the UK operating under the 'B&M' brand, 340 stores under the 'Heron Foods' and 'B&M Express' brands, and 151 stores in France also operating under the 'B&M' brand as at 27 June 2026. The B&M Group was founded in 1978 and listed on the London Stock Exchange in June 2014. For more information, please visit www.bandmretail.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 46 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 46 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 46 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 46 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and