BETA Close X Barclays PLC has significantly reduced its stake in B&M European Value Retail S.A., with its total voting rights falling below the minimum notifiable threshold as of October 30, 2025. Previously, Barclays held a combined 5.03% of voting rights, comprising 1.05% attached to shares and 3.98% through financial instruments. This disposal, notified to the issuer on November 3, 2025, indicates a substantial divestment by the financial institution. The application of a "Trading Book exemption" suggests this change in holding is related to routine trading activities rather than a strategic shift, potentially mitigating negative market sentiment. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail S.A. 04 November 2025 TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings 1. Issuer Details ISIN LU1072616219 Issuer Name B&M EUROPEAN VALUE RETAIL S.A. UK or Non-UK Issuer Non-UK 2. Reason for Notification An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name Barclays PLC City of registered office (if applicable) London Country of registered office (if applicable) United Kingdom 4. Details of the shareholder Full name of shareholder(s) if different from the person(s) subject to the notification obligation, above City of registered office (if applicable) Country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 30-Oct-2025 6. Date on which Issuer notified 03-Nov-2025 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting rights attached to shares (total of 8.A) % of voting rights through financial instruments (total of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Total of both in % (8.A + 8.B) Total number of voting rights held in issuer Resulting situation on the date on which threshold was crossed or reached Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Position of previous notification (if applicable) 1.050000 3.980000 5.030000 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of shares ISIN code(if possible) Number of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) Number of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) % of direct voting rights (DTR5.1) % of indirect voting rights (DTR5.2.1) LU1072616219 Below minimum threshold Below minimum threshold Sub Total 8.A 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Number of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised/converted % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B1 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise/conversion period Physical or cash settlement Number of voting rights % of voting rights Sub Total 8.B2 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 2. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entities (please add additional rows as necessary) Ultimate controlling person Name of controlled undertaking % of voting rights if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold % of voting rights through financial instruments if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Total of both if it equals or is higher than the notifiable threshold Barclays PLC Barclays Bank PLC Barclays PLC Barclays Capital Securities Limited Barclays PLC Barclays Capital Luxembourg S.À R.L 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional Information Full chain of controlled undertaking: Barclays PLC Barclays Bank PLC (100%) Barclays Capital Securities Limited (100%) Barclays PLC Barclays Bank PLC (100%) Barclays Luxembourg Holdings SSC (100%) Barclays Luxembourg GBP Holdings S.À R.L. (100%) Barclays Capital Luxembourg S.À R.L. (100%) Trading Book exemption applied. 12. Date of Completion 03-Nov-2025 13. Place Of Completion London This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Barclays (BARC) B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Mitchells & Butlers 54 minutes ago Globaldata 1 hour ago Weir Group 3 hours ago Acceler8 Ventures 3 hours ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and