Across The Markets: B&M European Value Retail, Centrica, Paragon Bank 2024-06-05 09:25:47 (2 years ago) Related Companies: Centrica (CNA) , Paragon Banking Group (PAG) , B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) B&M European Value Retail The popular chain of discount retail stores published full year numbers this morning but despite an impressive 10% upturn in revenue along with expectations that the company can grow its network of 741 UK stores to more than 1200 in the long term and profits falling in line with expectations, the market failed to buy into the good news story. A lack of forward guidance may be behind the negative sentiment although there’s also a point where the growth of stores risks cannibalising demand. Shares were down more than 5% in the first hour of trade. Centrica Another stock struggling in early trade on Wednesday was Centrica who published a pre-AGM statement before the opening bell. Whilst the underlying theme was one of the company plotting a steady course with sustainable profit ranges being achieved earlier than had been expected, falling prices are expected to hit the second half performance and this appears to have taken a toll. Shares were down by more than 5% in early trade before some support emerged. Paragon Banking Half year results from FTSE-250 listed Paragon Banking were out this morning with the group delivering profits up 13.5% and the deposit book growing by more than 24%, outperforming the market. The cost-income ratio is falling, investors are receiving an interim dividend that’s 20% higher and the market has evidently willing to shrug off the modest increase in impairments. Share buybacks have been increased, with the note pointing out that more than £1bn has now been returned to shareholders since 2015. Shares traded almost 8% higher shortly after the open before giving back some of the gains but remain at post global financial crisis highs. Headlines we expect on Thursday Mitie Group Final Results This time last year Revenues £4,055m, Operating profit £162m, Total dividend 2.9p Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and