BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail plc announced several leadership changes, with Helen Cowing stepping down as Interim Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director, replaced by Peter Waterhouse, Group Financial Controller. The company also appointed Peter Pritchard as a Non-Executive Director, bringing extensive retail experience from roles at Pets at Home, Asda, and Wilko. Additionally, Jennifer Lawrence will join as Group People Director on May 5, 2026, to lead a new Group HR function. The company confirmed its FY26 Preliminary Results will be released on June 3, 2026. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 10 April 2026 10 April 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Directorate Changes and Leadership Appointments B&M European Value Retail plc (the 'Company'), the UK's leading variety goods value retailer, today announces two Directorate changes and an addition to the Company's leadership team. The Board announces that Helen Cowing has stepped down from her role as Interim Chief Financial Officer and as an Executive Director, effective today. Peter Waterhouse, Group Financial Controller, has been appointed to this interim role with immediate effect. Peter has been a key member of the B&M Finance team since joining in 2013 and became Group Financial Controller in 2020. He trained and qualified with PwC before working in senior Finance roles at Johnson Service Group and Logica. Peter will continue in role until a permanent Chief Financial Officer is appointed. Separately, the Board is pleased to announce the appointment of Peter Pritchard as a Non-Executive Director, also effective today. Peter was Group Chief Executive Officer of Pets at Home from 2018 to 2022 and brings 40 years of retail industry experience to B&M, including prior roles at Asda and Wilko. Peter has considerable Board experience, including as Non-Executive Director of AO World, where he is currently Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Announcing Peter Pritchard's appointment, Tiffany Hall, Chair of B&M, said: "We are delighted to welcome Peter to the B&M Board. Peter brings deep retail experience, which will be a great asset to the Board as we support Tjeerd and his leadership team in executing our Back to B&M Basics plan and driving future growth." Peter Pritchard commented: "I am excited to be joining the Board of B&M at an important point in its development. B&M is a highly differentiated business with a strong value-led proposition, disciplined operating model and a clear opportunity to drive further growth." The Company is also pleased to announce Jennifer Lawrence will join B&M as Group People Director, effective 5 May 2026. In this role, Jennifer will lead a new Group HR function that brings together teams across B&M UK, B&M France and Heron. Jennifer brings more than 25 years of experience in Human Resources to B&M, having held senior leadership roles at Boots Opticians, Costcutter and most recently as Executive People and Transformation Director at Card Factory. Commenting on these Executive appointments, Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer, said: "It's fantastic to have Jennifer join B&M in this new expanded role. Alongside our customers, our people are vital stakeholders in our business. Jennifer's appointment will help us serve them better while deepening the diversity of talent we are building across our leadership." "I'm equally pleased we can draw on Peter's considerable experience and expertise as our Interim CFO. I look forward to working closely with him in his new role. I would like to thank Helen for leading our Finance team on an interim basis in recent months. We wish her well for the future." The Company confirms its next results announcement will be FY26 Preliminary Results for the 52 weeks to 28 March 2026, which will be released on 3 June 2026 at 07:00 (BST). There is no other information to be disclosed under Listing Rule 6.4.8R for any of the above appointments. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc For further information, please contact +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations investor.relations@bandmretail.com Media For media please contact: Sam Cartwright, H-advisors, sam.cartwright@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7827 254 561 Jonathan Cook, H-advisors, jonathan.cook@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7730 777 865 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Mitchells & Butlers 54 minutes ago Globaldata 1 hour ago Weir Group 3 hours ago Acceler8 Ventures 3 hours ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and