BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail plc has appointed Atheeq Akbar as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective February 2027, bringing extensive UK retail finance experience from ASDA, Morrisons, and Tesco. Akbar's remuneration package includes a base salary of £525,000, a maximum annual bonus of 175% of his base salary with 50% deferred into shares, and a maximum Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) of 175% of his base salary. This appointment is seen as a key step in strengthening the company's financial foundations and driving future growth under the "Back to B&M Basics" plan. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 24 June 2026 24 June 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Appointment of Chief Financial Officer B&M European Value Retail plc (the 'Company'), the UK's leading variety goods value retailer, announces it has successfully concluded its search for a Chief Financial Officer and is pleased to appoint Atheeq Akbar to the role, with effect from February 2027. Atheeq brings a wealth of UK retail experience to B&M. He will join B&M from ASDA, where he is currently Vice President of Commercial Finance. Prior to ASDA, Atheeq led the retail and manufacturing finance functions at Morrisons before being appointed as a Finance Director in 2021. Atheeq has also held senior finance roles at Tesco and brings international experience of finance leadership from Etihad Airways. A Chartered Accountant by profession, Atheeq began his career at Deloitte and is a member of the ICAEW. Announcing Atheeq's appointment, Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer, said: "Securing the right individual as Chief Financial Officer has been a key priority for me in recent months and I am excited that after an extensive search, we can announce Atheeq in this role. His strong commercial background in UK retail will be a great asset as we bring about change to deepen the financial foundations of our business. I look forward to partnering with Atheeq and would like to thank Pete Waterhouse for his continued leadership as Interim CFO in the meantime as we bring about a seamless transition in this important role." Tiffany Hall, Chair, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Atheeq as our new Chief Financial Officer and as an Executive Director of our Board. I have every confidence that Atheeq's blend of commercial and retail experience will be a strong complement to Tjeerd as we execute on our Back to B&M Basics plan and drive future growth." Commenting on his appointment, Atheeq Akbar said: "The opportunity for UK value retail is considerable, as is the leadership role B&M can continue to play in its development. I am excited to be joining the Company at such an important time and I look forward to working with Tjeerd and the Board to deliver B&M at its full potential." An exact starting date for Atheeq will be announced in due course. This announcement is made pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R. The Company confirms that there is no additional information to be disclosed pursuant to Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc For further information, please contact +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations investor.relations@bandmretail.com Media For media please contact: Sam Cartwright, H-advisors, sam.cartwright@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7827 254 561 Jonathan Cook, H-advisors, jonathan.cook@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7730 777 865 About B&M European Value Retail plc B&M European Value Retail plc is a variety retailer with 799 stores in the UK operating under the 'B&M' brand, 342 stores under the 'Heron Foods' and 'B&M Express' brands, and 147 stores in France also operating under the 'B&M' brand as at 29 March 2026. The B&M Group was founded in 1978 and listed on the London Stock Exchange in June 2014. For more information, please visit www.bandmretail.com . Notes for Editors 1. Atheeq's remuneration and benefits will be consistent with the B&M Remuneration Policy approved at the AGM in July 2024 and will be disclosed in the Company's Annual Report and Accounts published in 2027. The main elements of his remuneration are as detailed below: 1.1 a base salary of £ 525,000, per annum; 1.2 a cash allowance in lieu of pension of 3% of salary less employer's National Insurance contributions ('NICs'), in line with the wider workforce plus other benefits, buy-out awards and accommodation support in line with the B&M Remuneration Policy ; 1.3 a maximum annual bonus of 175% of his base salary, with 50% of any bonus earned deferred into shares for three years (subject to interaction with shareholding guidelines); 1.4 a maximum LTIP of 175% of his base salary. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and