RNS Number : 6185U VinaCapital Vietnam Opportunity Fd. 14 September 2026 VinaCapital Vietnam Opportunity Fund Limited (the "Company" or "VOF") Estimated Daily Net Asset Value ("NAV") - 11 September 2026 The Company announces that, as at the close of business on 11 September 2026, its unaudited, estimated NAV was USD 852 million or USD 7.17 per share. The Sterling equivalent as at that same date was GBP 631 million or GBP 5.30 per share. The GBP to USD foreign exchange rate that has been applied to this NAV is 1.3508 Disclaimers: The estimated daily NAV stated in this announcement has been prepared by the Administrator and reviewed by the Investment Manager, and is based on estimated valuations and, accordingly, the Company accepts no responsibility for the accuracy of the estimated daily NAV and no reliance should be placed on the estimated daily NAV as it has been provided for indicative purposes only. The estimated daily NAV is prepared based on the following valuation guidelines: • Listed equities are marked-to-market, based on the closing price of the most recent trading day, provided by the Vietnam stock exchanges (the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange and the Hanoi Stock Exchange). • Unlisted securities include over-the-counter (OTC) traded securities and unlisted securities publicly traded on the Unlisted Public Companies Market (UPCOM) of the Hanoi Stock Exchange. These holdings are marked-to-market on the same basis as listed equities. Where this valuation approach is not available, unlisted securities valuations are based on the average of up to three independent broker quotes for the last trading day of the prior week, or where these are unavailable, the last available price. • Non-publicly traded investments, including private equity and direct real estate investments are valued based on the last available valuation as approved by the Audit Committee, which may be adjusted for any impairment, loss or disposal. • The valuation of cash positions is based on cash in the Company's bank accounts at the close of the most recent trading day and is adjusted for receivables and accruals. • The Vietnam Dong (VND) foreign exchange rate is the daily reference rate provided by Vietcombank as of the date of the daily NAV. The British Sterling (GBP) and US Dollar (USD) exchange rates are based on the London Stock Exchange Group rate of the same day. Further information is available on the Company's website at: https://vof.vinacapital.com/ Enquiries: Joel Weiden Investment Manager - Investor Relations and Communications VinaCapital Investment Management Limited T: +84 28 3821 9930 E: joel.weiden@vinacapital.com NSM Funds Limited Company Secretary and Administrator T: +44 1481 743030 E:VOF@nsm.group 1. References to VOF or the Company in this announcement shall mean VinaCapital Vietnam Opportunity Fund Limited, a non-cellular company incorporated in the Bailiwick of Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008, with registered number 61765. It is authorised by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (reference number 2268242) as a registered closed-ended investment scheme under The Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 and in compliance with the Registered Collective Investment Scheme Rules, as amended. 2. The registered office address of the Company is Les Echelons Court, Les Echelons, St Peter Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands, GY1 1AR. 3. This announcement contains information that is inside information for the purposes of the UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended and supplemented from time to time). This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END NAVLIMPTMTTBMRF