BETA Close X Gerardus Matheus Thomas Jegen, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of B&M European Value Retail plc, has been granted 1,041,898 nil-cost share options under the company's Long Term Incentive Plan. This initial notification of the transaction, which occurred on July 29, 2026, outside of a trading venue, involves ordinary shares of 10 pence each and has a total value of nil GBP. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 30 July 2026 Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Gerardus Matheus Thomas Jegen 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Gerardus Matheus Thomas Jegen is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer, being the Chief Executive Officer and an Executive Director of the Issuer. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc. LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options in relation to Long Term Incentive Plan Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total nil 1,041,898 nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total nil 1,041,898 nil Date of Transaction 2026-07-29 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Mitchells & Butlers 54 minutes ago Globaldata 1 hour ago Weir Group 3 hours ago Acceler8 Ventures 3 hours ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and