Across The Markets: Boohoo, Howdens, B&M European Value 2026-06-03 08:33:53 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Howden Joinery Group (HWDN) , Boohoo Group (DEBS) , B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) Howden Joinery The FTSE-100 listed kitchen fitter Howden saw its shares jump sharply in early trade, following news this morning that he company had made an acquisition and just as importantly had initiated a previously announced share buy back . The acquisition is expected to be accretive immediately with the target’s £390m valuation having been responsible for £136m of revenue and £37m in EBIT in the last year. The Howden share price was up 5% in early trade. B&M European Value Retail Discount retailer B&M issued full year results this morning. The company has faced a challenging period with some tough comparatives, falling consumer confidence and the launch of a back-to-basics turn-around plan in a bid to shore up performance. Investors have however been quick to cheer the progress here and especially the longer term outlook with a swift return to double digit margins being promised. Despite the dividend also being cut, the B&M share price was up 14% shortly after the open. Boohoo Group A Q1 trading update from the fast fashion retailer Boohoo Group was issued this morning with management noting the company had returned to growth, gross margins were 140bps up and the momentum gained so far is bolstering expectations that double digit EBITDA growth can be seen for the full year. With the turn around plan being seen as a success, the Boohoo share price added 10% by 8.30am. Most read news on Investegate this morning FY26 Preliminary Results - - B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) Strategic partnership with Protium - - ITM Power (ITM) Quarterly NAV & Operational Update - - NextEnergy Solar Fund Limited Red (NESF) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and