BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail S.A. reported that all resolutions were passed at its 2025 Annual General Meeting, with most receiving over 95% shareholder support. However, resolutions 21 and 22, which authorize the board to issue shares up to 10% and an additional 10% on a non-pre-emptive basis respectively, saw some shareholder opposition. The company is engaging with these shareholders to understand their concerns and will review its approach to pre-emption rights, balancing stakeholder interests, with further updates expected in the FY26 Annual Report. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail S.A. 22 January 2026 B&M European Value Retail S.A. Société Anonyme Registered office: 3, rue Gabriel Lippmann, L-5365 Munsbach, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg RCS Luxembourg B 187275 (the "Company") 22 January 2026 Update statement relating to the voting results of the 2025 Annual General Meeting Our Board of Directors would like to express its thanks to our shareholders for their continued support of B&M, including through their high levels of participation in the Company's Annual General Meeting held on 22 July 2025 ("2025 AGM"). We were pleased that all resolutions were passed at our 2025 AGM, with most of them supported by over 95% of shareholders' votes cast. It was noted that certain shareholders voted against the Board's recommendation in relation to resolution 21 and resolution 22, which, in line with the Statement of Principles on Dis-applying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group, authorise the Board to (i) issue shares representing up to 10% of the issued share capital on a non-pre-emptive basis; and (ii) issue shares representing up to an additional 10% of the issued share capital on a non-pre-emptive basis for capital investments. The views of our shareholders are a critical component in our approach to good corporate governance. As such, the Company subsequently engaged with these shareholders to ensure their views are fully understood with respect to these changes and their concerns are taken into consideration by the Board in future determinations in these matters. We are continuing our dialogue with shareholders and will be reviewing the Company's approach to pre-emption as an outcome of those discussions, while also being mindful to ensure that the Company's approach to the disapplication of pre-emption rights continues to balance the long-term interests of the Company, its shareholders and all stakeholders. Further updates on this and other shareholder engagement activities will be included in our FY26 Annual Report and Accounts, which will be published after the release of the Company's full-year results in summer 2026. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail S.A. For further information please contact: +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Ext. 6363 Alex Simpson, General Counsel Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations Investor.relations@bandmretail.com Media For media please contact: Sam Cartwright, H-advisors, sam.cartwright@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7827 254 561 Jonathan Cook, H-advisors, jonathan.cook@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7730 777 865 About B&M European Value Retail S.A. B&M European Value Retail S.A. is a variety retailer with 791 stores in the UK operating under the "B&M" brand, 343 stores under the "Heron Foods" and "B&M Express" brands, and 146 stores in France also operating under the "B&M" brand as at 27 December 2025. It is a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. The B&M Group was founded in 1978 and listed on the London Stock Exchange in June 2014. For more information, please visit www.bandmretail.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and