BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail plc has reported its six-monthly block listing return for the period ending July 13, 2026. The company's employee share option schemes, including the Long Term Incentive Plan and Deferred Bonus Share Plan, had a balance of 404,744 unallotted securities at the beginning of the period. No new securities were added to the schemes, and no securities were issued or allotted during this period, resulting in the same balance of 404,744 unallotted securities remaining at the end of the reporting period. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 15 July 2026 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Date: 15 July 2026 Name of applicant : B&M European Value Retail plc Name of schemes: B&M Employee Share Option Schemes - Long Term Incentive Plan and Deferred Bonus Share Plan Period of return: From: 14.01.26 To: 13.07.26 Balance of unallotted securities under schemes from previous return: 404,744 Plus: The amount by which the block schemes has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): 0 Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under schemes during period (see UKLR 20.6.7G): 0 Equals: Balance under schemes not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 404,744 Name of contact: Alex Simpson Telephone number of contact: 0151 728 5400 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and