BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail S.A. has confirmed that its Q3 FY26 Trading Statement, covering the 13 weeks ending 27 December 2025, will be released on 22 January 2026 at 07:00 GMT. This announcement provides a specific date for investors to anticipate the company's latest financial performance update. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail S.A. 23 December 2025 23 December 2025 Confirmation of timing of Q3 FY26 Trading Statement B&M European Value Retail S.A., the UK's leading variety goods value retailer, confirms it will publish its Q3 FY26 Trading Statement for the 13 weeks to 27 December 2025 on 22 January 2026 at 07:00 (GMT). Enquiries B&M European Value Retail S.A. For further information, please contact +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations investor.relations@bandmretail.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 46 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 46 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 46 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 46 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and