Financial Statements
B&M European Value Retail
Holdco 4 Limited

For the petiod from 27 March 2022 to 25 March 2023

y

Ao7 = 28/07/2023. «25

Company information

Company registration number
Country of incorporation

Registered office

Directors

Secretary

Bankers

Solicitors

Auditor

08309974

England and Wales

The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park
Speke

Liverpool

Merseyside

24 8RJ

S Arora (resigned 21 April 2023)
A Russo
M Schmidt (appointed 22 November 2022)

P Rawnsley

Bank of Ametica N.A.
2 King Edward Street
London

EC1A 1HQ

Gordons LLP
Forward House
8 Duke Street
Bradford

West Yorkshire
BD1 3QX

KPMG LLP

Statutory Auditor

1 Snow Hill Queensway
Birmingham

B4 6GH

Contents

‘Strategic report
Statement of directors’ responsibilities
Report of the directors

Independent auditor's report to the members of B&M European Value Retail
Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of comprehensive income
Statement of financial position
Statement of changes in equity
Statement of cash flows

Notes to the financial statements

13

14

15

16

17

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Strategic report

The Directors present their Strategic report of B&M European Value Holdco 4 Limited (the ‘Company’) for the
period from 27 March 2022 to 25 March 2023 (‘2023’) (prior period: 52 weeks ended 26 March 2022 ('2022'))..

Principal activities and future developments

The principal activity of the Company is to act as a holding company for B&M European Value Retail S.A. (B&M
Group’ or ‘Group’) entities, including the organisation of the Group's financing activities.

There has been no significant change in the nature or level of this activity during the period except for in March
2023, the Company committed to fully re-financing its existing term loan and RCF facilities, totalling £455m, for a
new £225m term loan and a £225m RCF maturing in March 2028, with two one-year extension options. On 3 April
2023, the Company completed the funds flow in relation to this extension of its term facility bank loan.

The Company is an obligor and a borrower for the B&M Group’s Revolving Credit Facility which is currently
undrawn.

Results and dividends

‘The Company has net assets of £228m (2022: £267m) and recorded a profit in 2023 of £321m (2022: £393m). This
included dividends received of £360m (2022: £420m) from Group companies. The Company also declared
dividends of £360m (2022: £420m) during the period.

Principal risks and uncertainties

‘The Company follows the Group’s financial risk management policies, details of which are given in the Group’s
accounts, which are available on our corporate website www.bandmretail.com.

‘The Group has a risk reporting framework that ensures it has visibility of the Company’s key risks, the potential
impacts on the Company and how and to what extent those risks are mitigated. As part of its risk management
process, the principal risks stated in the risk register are reviewed, challenged and updated by the Group board and
monitored throughout the year. The Group’s risk register is used to determine strategies adopted by the Group's
various businesses to mitigate the identified risks and are embedded in their operating plans.

‘The risk environment in which the Company operates does not remain static, The nature of the risk is that its scope
and potential impact will change over time. As such the risks should not be regarded as a comprehensive statement
of all potential risks and uncertainties that may manifest themselves in the future. Additional risks and uncertainties
are not presently known to the Directors, or which they cutrently deem immaterial, could also have an adverse
effect on the Company’s future operating results, financial condition or prospects.

Section 172 statement

This statement sets out how the Directors have approached and met their responsibilities under section 172
Companies Act 2006 and, in particular, how the Directors have satisfied themselves that they have acted in a way
which is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole and having
regard for stakeholders’ interests.

As such, the Directors have considered (amongst other things) the likely consequences of any decision in the long
term. The Directors give significant consideration via the assessment of various board papers to the likely long-term
impact to the Company of any decisions made. It is the Directors’ ultimate objective to deliver long term sustainable
earnings growth.

Decisions on policies affecting colleagues, customers, communities and suppliers are often made or set at the Group
level. The Directors of the Company ensure when applying those policies that they are fulfilling their statutory
duties. Further information on how these decisions are made and the ways in which the Group engages with
stakeholders is set out in the Group’s 2023 Annual Report, which does not form part of this report.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Strategic report

Environment

The Group recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment,
and designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by the Group’s activities.

The Company operates in accordance with Group policies, which are described in the Group’s 2023 Annual Report,
which does not form part of this report. Initiatives designed to minimise the Company’s impact on the environment
include improving our energy consumption, reducing the amount of waste we produce and reducing the amount of
greenhouse gas emissions in the business.

Approved by the Board on 6 July 2023 and signed its behalf by:

MN. Sceee ssa

M Schmidt

Director

B&M European Value Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park

Speke

Liverpool

Merseyside

L24 8RJ

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of
the Strategic Report, Directors Report and Financial
Statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, Directors’ Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that law they
have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards
and applicable law.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period.
In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

© _ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
e make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable;
© state whether they have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards;

* assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for
such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as
are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other
irregularities.

‘The directors ate responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included
on the Company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
ee

Report of the directors

The directors present their report together with the financial statements for the 52 week period from 27 March 2022
to 25 March 2023 (prior period 28 March 2021 to 26 March 2022). The next financial period covers 53 weeks from
26 March 2023 to 30 March 2024.

The accounts are prepared in accordance with UK-adopted accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Principal activity

‘The principal activity of the company is that of a holding company, including organisation of the Group's financing
activities.

Directors
The directors in office during the period and until the date the accounts were authorised for issue are shown below:
S Arora (resigned 21 April 2023)

A Russo
M Schmidt (appointed 22 November 2022)

Dividends

In October 2022, January 2023 and March 2023 the company made and received dividends totalling £50m, £200m
and £110m respectively.

In the prior period, in November 2021, December 2021 and March 2022 the company made and reccived dividends
totalling £40m, £250m and £130m respectively.

Disclosure of information to the auditors

Each of the directors at the date of approval of this report confirm that:

* so far as the directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditor is unaware;
and

* the directors have taken steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditot is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the
Companies Act 2006.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Report of the ditectors

Auditors

A resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as auditor for the ensuing year will be proposed at the annual general
meeting in accordance with section 485 of the Companies Act 2006.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

N Seen

M Schmidt
Director
6 July 2023

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault, Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park

Speke, Liverpool

Merseyside, L24 8RJ

Rana

Independent Auditor’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited (“the Company”) for
the period ended 25 March 2023 which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of
Financial Position, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement of Cash Flows and related notes, including
the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 25 March 2023, and of its profit for the year
then ended;

have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; and
© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are
independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate
the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial position means
that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company’s business model
and analysed how those risks might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over
the going concetn period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

© we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

© we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a
guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to frand

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment
procedures included:

© Reading Board Minutes.
© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

Rana

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
(continued)

We performed procedures including:

© Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
documentation. These included those posted to unusual accounts.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement related to compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, through discussion with the directors and
other management (as required by auditing standards), and from inspection of the Company’s regulatory and legal
correspondence and discussed with the directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding
compliance with laws and regulations.

As the Company is regulated, our assessment of risks involved gaining an understanding of the control environment
including the entity’s procedures for complying with regulatory requirements.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of
non-compliance throughout the audie.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation, and taxation legislation
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the
imposition of fines or litigations. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
health and safety, data protection laws, anti-bribery, regulatory capital and liquidity, and certain aspects of company
legislation recognising the financial and regulated nature of the Company’s activities and its legal form. Auditing
standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry
of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a
breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not
detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable sisk that we may not have detected some
material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit
in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the farther removed non-compliance with laws and regulations
is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

10

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
(continued)

Directors’ report and strategic report

The directors are responsible for the directors’ report and strategic report. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and strategic report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on
our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial
statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report and strategic report;

© in our opinion the information given in these reports for the financial period is consistent with the financial
statements; and

© in our opinion these reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 6, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud o ertor; assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description
y. fir

responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at

11

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
(continued)

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Arde. GotKon

Andrew Cawthray (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

1 Snow Hill Queensway

Birmingham

B46GH

6 July 2023

12