Financial Statements
B&M European Value Retail
Holdco 4 Limited

For the period from 29 March 2020 to 27 March 2021

Company number: 08309974

‘UNNI

* AASEDNW2: '

A19 21/07/2021 #231 |
COMPANIES HOUSE i

WEDNESDAY

Company information

Company registration number
Country of incorporation

Registered office

Directors

Secretary

Bankers

Solicitors

Auditor

08309974

England and Wales

The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park
Speke

Liverpool

Merseyside

24 8RJ

S Arora
‘A Russo (appointed 15 November 2020)
P McDonald (retired 15 November 2020)

P Owen (appointed 15 November 2020)
P McDonald (retired 15 November 2020)

Bank of America N.A.
2 King Edward Street
London

EC1A 1HQ

Gordons LLP
Forward House
8 Duke Street
Bradford

West Yorkshire
BD1 3QX

KPMG LLP
Statutory Auditor
1 St Peter’s Square
Manchester

M2 3AE

Contents

Statement of directors’ responsibi
Report of the directors

Independent auditor's report to the members of B&M European Value Retail
Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of comprehensive income
Statement of financial position
Statement of changes in equity
Statement of cash flows

Notes to the financial statements

11

12

13

14

15

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of
the Directors Report and Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that law they
have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and applicable law.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In
preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
© make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable;

* state whether they have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006;

* assess the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for
such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as
are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and detect fraud and other
irregularities.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Report of the directors

The directors present their report together with the financial statements for the 52 week period from 29 March 2020
to 27 March 2021 (prior year 31 March 2019 to 28 March 2020).

The financial statements are prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Principal activity

The principal activity of the company is that of a holding company.

Directors

The directors in office during the period and until the date the accounts were authorised for issue are shown below:

S Arora
‘A Russo (appointed 15 November 2020)
P McDonald (retired 15 November 2020)

Dividends

In November 2020, January 2021 and March 2021 the company made and received dividends totalling £293.3m,
£200.0m and £140.0m respectively.

In the prior year, in March 2020, the company received and made dividends totalling £175.0m.

Disclosure of information to the auditors

Each of the persons who is a Director at the date of approval of this report confirms that:
* so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and

* the Director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a Director in order to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies
Act 2006.

Auditors

A resolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as auditor for the ensuing year will be proposed at the annual general
meeting in accordance with section 485 of the Companies Act 2006.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
a ES A EE
Repott of the directors

Small company provisions

This report has been prepared in accordance with the special provisions for small companies under Part 15 of the
Companies Act 2006. This includes not including a strategic report with these financial statements.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
a
A Rus
Director
20 July 2021 >

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault, Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park

Speke, Liverpool

Merseyside, L24 8RJ

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF B&M Eutopean
Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited (“the company”) for the
year ended 27 March 2021 which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Financial

Position, the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows and related notes, including the
accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 27 March 2021 and of its profit for the year
then ended;

© have been properly prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006; and

© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are
independent of the company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate
the company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the company’s financial position means that
this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements (‘the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the company’s business model
and analysed how those risks might affect the company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over
the going concetn period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

© we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

© we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
ae inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a
guarantee that the company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations - ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to frand

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could

indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to.commit fraud. Our tisk assessment

procedures included:

© — Enquiting of directors, the audit committee, internal audit and inspection of policy documentation as to the
Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, including the internal audit function,
and the Company’s channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual,
suspected ot alleged fraud.

* Reading Board committee and audit committee minutes.
© — Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management.
© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit. This included communication from the group to full scope component audit teams of relevant
fraud risks identified at the Group level and request to full scope component audit teams to report to the Group
audit team any instances of fraud that could give rise to a material misstatement at group.

As required by auditing standards, and taking into account possible pressures to meet profit targets, we perform
procedures to address the risk of management override of controls, in particular the risk that Group management
may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries and the tisk of bias in accounting estimates and
judgements such as provision for inventory, and impairment assumptions. On this audit we do not believe there is a
fraud risk related to revenue recognition there is limited perceived pressure on management to achieve an expected
target, there is limited perceived opportunity to commit fraud given the simplicity of sales recognition in the entity,
and no previous audit misstatements have been found to suggest such a fraud tisk exists.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

In determining the audit procedures we took into account the results of our evaluation and testing of the operating
effectiveness of some of the Company-wide fraud risk management controls

We also performed procedures including:
© Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting
documentation. These included those posted to unusual accounts.

© Assessing significant accounting estimates for bias.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors
and other management (as required by auditing standards), and from inspection of the Company's regulatory and
legal correspondence and discussed with the directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding
compliance with laws and regulations.

As the Company is regulated, our assessment of risks involved gaining an understanding of the control environment
including the entity’s procedures for complying with regulatory requirements.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of
non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distsibutable profits legislation and taxation legislation
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

IK PIVIG,

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the
imposition of fines ot litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: health
and safety, anti-bribery, employment law, and certain aspects of company legislation recognising the financial and
regulated nature of the Company's activities and its legal form. Auditing standards limit the required audit
procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other
management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational
regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the andit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some
material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit
in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations
is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, mistepresentations, ot the overtide of internal controls, Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover that
report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial
statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or
our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

© we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;
© in our opinion the information given in that report for the financial year is consistent with the financial
statements; and

¢ in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

© the divectors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement to
prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to repott in these respects.
Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page [X], the directors are responsible for: the preparation of
the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or etror, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at

www. fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

‘The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsib

‘This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Gian Kapurcedlaeth,

Gillian Hopwood-Bell (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

1 St Peter's Square

Manchester

M23AE
20 July 2021

10

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of Comprehensive Income

Revenue

Gross profit

Administrative expenses

Operating loss

Dividends received

Finance costs

Finance income

Profit on ordinary activities before tax

Income tax

Profit and total comprehensive income for the period

All operations are classified as continuing,

The accompanying accounting policies and notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

11

Note

52 weeks to 52 weeks to
27 March 2021 28 March 2020
£000 £000

(3,845) (28,482)

3,845) (28,482)
633,300 175,000
(28,140) (24,124)

2,042 3,416

603,357 125,810
603,357 125,810

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
SA SR I BE

Statement of Financial Position

27 March 2021 28 March 2020

Note £7000 £7000
Non-current assets
Investments 7 1,051,888 1,051,888
1,051,888 1,051,888
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 9 39 10
Trade and other receivables 8 107,815 209,232
107,854 209,242
Total assets 1,159,742 1,261,130
Equity
Share capital 12 (145,928) (145,928)
Retained earnings (147,924) (177,867)
(293,852) (323,795)
Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings ul (696,257) (548,916)
(696,257) (548,916)
Current liabilities
‘Trade and other payables 10 (169,633) (186,115)
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings ru : (202,304)
(169,633) (388,419)
Total liabilities (865,890) (937,335)
Total equity and liabilities (4,159,742) (0,261,130)

‘The accompanying accounting policies and notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

‘The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 20 July 2021 and
signed on their behalf py:

A Russe
Director
Company registration number: 08309974

12