Financial Statements
B&M European Value Retail
Holdco 4 Limited

For the petiod from 26 Match 2023 to 30 Match 2024

[ wit

Company information

Company registration number
County of incorporation

Registered office

Directors

Secretary

Bankers

Solicitors

Auditor

08309974 |

England and Wales

The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park
Speke

Liverpool

Merseyside

L24 8RJ

$ Arora (esigned 21 April 2023)
A Russo

M Schmidt

A Simpson (appointed 23 August 2023)

P Rawnsley (resigned 21 March 2024)
‘A Simpson (appointed 21 Match 2024)

Bank of Ametica N.A.
2 King Edward Street
London

ECiA 1HQ

Gordons LLP
Forwatd House
8 Duke Street
Bradford

West Yorkshire
BD1 3QX

KPMG LLP
Statutory Auditor

1 Snow Hill Queensway
Bitmingham

B4 6GH

Contents

Strategic report
Statement of directors’ responsibilities

Report of the directors

Independent auditor's report to the members of B&M European Value Retail

Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of comprehensive income
Statement of financial position
Statement of changes in equity
Statement of cash flows

Notes to the financial statements

14

15

16

17

B&M Buropean Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Strategic report

The Ditectors present their Strategic report of B&M European Value Holdco 4 Limited (the ‘Company’) for the 53-
week period from 26 March 2023 to 30 March 2024 (‘2024”) (prior period: 52 weeks ended 25 March 2023 ('2023’)).

Principal activity

‘The ptincipal activity of the company is to act as a holding company for B&M European Value Retail S.A. (B&M
Group’ o ‘Group’) entities, including the organisation of the Group’s financing activities.

Results and dividends

The company has net assets of £176m (2023: £228m) und recorded a profit in 2024 of £298m (2023: £321m). This
includes dividends received of (350m (2023: £360m) fom Group companies. The company also declared dividends

of £350m (2023: £360m) during the period.
Principal risks and uncestainties

The company follows the Group's financial tisk management policies, details of which are given in the Group's
accounts, which are available on our corporate website www.bandmretail.com.

The Group has a sisk reporting framework that ensures it has visibility of the company’s key tisks, the potential
impacts on the company and how and to what extent those risks are mitigated. As pact of its risk management
process, the principal risks stated in the tisk register ace reviewed, challenged and updated by the Group board and
monitored throughout the year. The Group’s risk xegister is used to determine strategies adopted by the Group’s
various businesses to mitigate the identified tisks and ace embedded in theix operating plans.

The tisk enviconment in which the company operates does not remain static. The nature of the risk is that its scope
and potential impact will change over time. As such the sisks should not be segarded as a comprehensive statement
of all potential risks and uncertainties that may manifest themselves in the future, Additional risks and uncertainties
are not presently known to the Directors, or which they currently deem immaterial, could also have an adverse
effect on the company’s futuse operating results, financial condition or prospects.

Section 172 statement

This statement sets out how the Directors have approached and met their responsibilities under section 172
Companies Act 2006 and, in particular, how the Directors have satisfied themselves that they have acted in a way
which is most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole and having
regard for stakeholders’ interests.

As such, the Directors have considered (amongst other things) the likely consequences of any <lecision in the long
term, The Directors give significant consideration via the assessment of various board papers to the likely long-term
impact to the company of any decisions made. It is the Directors’ ultimate objective to deliver long term sustainable
entnings growth.

Decisions on policies affecting colleagues, customers, communities and suppliers are often made or set at the Group
level. The Directors of the company ensure when applying those policies that they are fulfilling their statutory
dutics. Further information on how these decisions are made and the ways in which the Group engages with
stakeholders is set out in the Group's 2024 Annual Report, which does not form part of this report.

Envitonment

‘The Group recognises the importance of its envitonmental responsibilities, monitors its impact on the environment,
and designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by the Group’s activities,

‘The company operates in accordance with Group policies, which are described in the Group’s 2024 Annual Report,
which does not form pact of this report. Initiatives designed to minimise the company’s impact on the environment
include improving our energy consumption, reducing the amount of waste we produce and reducing the amount of
gteenhouse gas emissions in the business.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
RN SST SIE

Strategic report

Apptoved by the Board on 4 July 2024 and signed its behalf by:

MS

M Schmidt
Director

B&M European Value Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park

Speke

Liverpool

Merseyside

124 BRY

t

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of
the Strategic Report, Directors Report and Financial
Statements

The ditectors ate responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, Directors’ Repost and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company Inw requites the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period, Under that Inw they
have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UkK-adopted international accounting standards
and applicable law.

Under company law the ditectors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
tune and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In
preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

© select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
© make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable;
© — state whether they have been prepared in accordance with Ul<-adopted international accounting standards;

© assess the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters selated to going
concern; and

© use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that ate sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for
such intetnal control as they determine is necessaty to enable the preparation of Gnancial statements that ace free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taling such steps as
ate reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and detect fraud and other
irregularities.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included
on the company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Report of the directors

‘The directors present their report together with the financial statements for the 53-week period from 26 March 2023
to 30 Match 2024 (prior petiod 27 March 2022 to 25 Match 2023), ‘The next financial petiod covers 52 weeks from

31 March 2024 to 29 March 2025.

The accounts are prepared in accordance with Ul-adopted accounting standards in conformity with the
requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Principal activity

The principal activity of the company is that of n holding company, including organisation of the Group's financing
activities.

Research and development
The Company has no research and development activities.
Financial instruments

Details of objectives and policies on financial risk management, and details of the Gnancial instruments currently in
use, are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

Political donations

‘The Company made no political donations during the financial year under review.

Directors

‘The directoss in office during the period and until the date the accounts were authorised for issue are shown below:

$ Arora (cesigned 21 April 2023)

A Russo

M Schmidt

A Simpson (appointed 23 August 2023)

Dividends

In October 2023, Janunty 2024 and March 2024 the company made and received dividends totalling £50m, £200m
and £100m respectively.

In the prior period, in October 2022, January 2023 and March 2023 the company made and received dividends
totalling £50m, £200m and £110m respectively.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Ench of the directors at the date of approval of this report confirm that:

+ so fat as the directors are awate, theze is no relevant audit information of which the company's auditor is unaware;
and

* the directors have taken steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves aware of any
selevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditor is awate of that information,

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the
Companies Act 2006, :

B&M Eutopean Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Report of the directors

Auditor

A tesolution to re-appoint KPMG LLP as auditor for the ensuing year will be proposed at the annual general
meeting in accordance with section 487 of the Companies Act 2006.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

Nscrwule

Mike Schmidt
Director
4 July 2024

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault, Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Patl

Speke, Liverpool

Merseyside, L24 8RJ

Independent Auditot’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited (“the Company”) for
the period ended 30 March 2024 which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of
Financial Position, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement of Cash Flows and related notes, including
the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

© give a tne and fais, view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 30 March 2024, and of its profit for the year
then ended;

© have been properly prepared in accordance with UKX-adopted international accounting standards; and

© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted ont audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities ate described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are
independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepased the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate
the Company of to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial position means
that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial
statements (“the going concetn period”),

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model
and analysed how those tisks might affect the Company’s financial resousces or ability to continue operations over
the going concern petiod.

Out conclusions based on this work:

© we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

© we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related

to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

Howevet, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
ae inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a
guacantee that the Company will continue in operation,

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of matesial misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment
procedures included:

© Reading Board Minutes.
© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
thoughout the audit.

|
i
i
f
I
;
|
7
{
{

i
i
i
i

Independent auditot’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
(continued)

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedutes to address the risk of management override of controls,
in patticular the risk that Company management may be able to make inappropriate accounting entries.
Based on our risk assessment, no high-risk journal entries were identified, We selected journal entries to test based
‘on professional judgement and compared these entries to supporting documentation. On this audit we do not
believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue transactions.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement related to compliance with Jaws and regulations

We identified aceas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, through discussion with the directors and
other management (as required by auditing standards), and from inspection of the Company's regulatory and legal
cotrespondence and discussed with the directors and other management the policies and procedures regarding
compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alett to any indications of
non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements vaties considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation, and taxation legislation
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the
imposition of fines or litigations. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
health and safety, data protection laws, anti-bribery, and certain aspects of company legislation recognising the
nature of the Company's activities and its legal form. Auditing standards limit the requiced audit procedures to
identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the ditectots and other management and
inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not
disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the anit to detect frand or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some
material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit
in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations
is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited
procedues cequited by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher tisk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of interrial controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We ate not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

10

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
(continued)

Directors’ report and strategic report

‘The directors ate responsible for the directors’ report and strategic report. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Out responsibility is to read the directors’ report and strategic report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on
our financial statements audit worl, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial
statements of our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

° we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report and strategic report;

© in our opinion the information given in these reports for the financial period is consistent with the financial
statements; and

© _ in our opinion these reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we ate required to repott by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006, we ate required to report to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retutns; or

© certain disclosures of dixectors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we tequite for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained move fully in their statement set out on page 6, the ditectors ate responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error; assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditot’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole ace free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or etros, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or etror and ace
considered matetial if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

provided on the FRC’s_ website at

A fuller responsibilities is

description of ou

stespon:

1

Independent auditot’s report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
(continued)

The purpose of our audit worl and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those
matters we are requiced to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

feeder (ud Fo

Andrew Cawthray (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

Chartered Accountants

1 Snow Hill Queensway
Birmingham

B4 6GH

4 July 2024

12