Strategic Report, Directors’

Report and Financial Statements
B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

For the period from 30 March 2025 to 28 March 2026

Company number: 08309974

WAI

30/07/2026 #100
COMPANIES HOUSE

>
<
a
Q
«
3
x
=

Company information

Company registration number
Country of incorporation

Registered office

Directors

Secretary

Bankers

Solicitors

Auditor

08309974

England and Wales

The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park
Speke

Liverpool

L24 8RJ

T Jegen (appointed 16 June 2025)

P Waterhouse (appointed 10 April 2026)

A Simpson

H Cowing (appointed 1 December 2025, resigned 10 April 2026)
M Schmidt (resigned 1 December 2025)

A Russo (resigned 30 April 2025)

A Simpson

Bank of America N.A.
2 King Edward Street
London

ECIA 1HQ

Gordons LLP
Forward House
8 Duke Street
Bradford

West Yorkshire
BDI 3QX

KPMG LLP

Statutory Auditor

1 Snow Hill Queensway
Birmingham

B4 6GH

Contents

Strategic report

Report of the directors

Statement of directors’ responsibilities

Independent auditor's report to the members of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
Statement of comprehensive income

Statement of financial position

Statement of changes in equity

Statement of cash flows

Notes to the financial statements

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
a

Strategic report

The Directors present their Strategic report of B&M European Value Holdco 4 Limited (the ‘Company’) for the
52-week period from 30 March 2025 to 28 March 2026 (‘2026’) (prior period: 52 weeks ended 29 March 2025
(‘2025’).

Principal activity

The principal activity of the Company is to act as a holding company for B&M European Value Retail ple
(formerly B&M European Value Retail S.A.) ((B&M Group’ or ‘Group’) entities, including the organisation of
the Group’s financing activities.

Results and dividends

The Company has net assets of £160m (2025: £169m) and recorded a profit in 2026 of £31m (2025: £285m).
This includes dividends received of £100m (2025: £350m) from Group companies. The Company also declared
dividends of £40m (2025: £291m) during the period.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company follows the Group’s financial risk management policies, details of which are given in the Group’s
accounts, which are available on our corporate website www.bandmretail.com.

The Group has a risk reporting framework that ensures it has visibility of the Company’s key risks, the potential
impacts on the Company and how and to what extent those risks are mitigated. As part of its risk management
process, the principal risks stated in the risk register are reviewed, challenged and updated by the Group board
and monitored throughout the year. The Group’s risk register is used to determine strategies adopted by the
Group’s various businesses to mitigate the identified risks and are embedded in their operating plans.

The risk environment in which the Company operates does not remain static. The nature of the risk is that its
scope and potential impact will change over time. As such the risks should not be regarded as a comprehensive
statement of all potential risks and uncertainties that may manifest themselves in the future. Additional risks and
uncertainties are not presently known to the Directors, or which they currently deem immaterial, could also have
an adverse effect on the Company’s future operating results, financial condition or prospects.

Section 172 statement

This statement sets out how the Directors have approached and met their responsibilities under section 172
Companies Act 2006 and, in particular, how the Directors have satisfied themselves that they have acted in a
way which is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole and
having regard for stakeholders’ interests.

As such, the Directors have considered (amongst other things) the likely consequences of any decision in the
long term. The Directors give significant consideration via the assessment of various board papers to the likely
long-term impact to the Company of any decisions made. It is the Directors’ ultimate objective to deliver long
term sustainable earnings growth.

Decisions on policies affecting colleagues, customers, communities and suppliers are often made or set at the
Group level. The Directors of the Company ensure when applying those policies that they are fulfilling their
statutory duties. Further information on how these decisions are made and the ways in which the Group engages
with stakeholders is set out in the Group’s 2026 Annual Report, which does not form part of this report.

Environment

The Group recognises the importance of its environmental responsibilities, monitors its impact on the
environment, and designs and implements policies to reduce any damage that might be caused by the Group’s
activities.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
Ce

Strategic report

The Company operates in accordance with Group policies, which are described in the Group’s 2026 Annual
Report, which does not form part of this report. Initiatives designed to minimise the Company’s impact on the
environment include improving our energy consumption, reducing the amount of waste we produce and
reducing the amount of greenhouse gas emissions in the business.

Approved by the Board on 8 July 2026 and signed its behalf by:

Peter Waterhouse
Director

B&M European Value Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park

Speke

Liverpool

124 8RJ

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Report of the directors

Principal activity

The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company, including organisation of the Group’s
financing activities.

Research and development
The Company has no research and development activities.
Financial instruments

Details of objectives and policies on financial risk management, and details of the financial’ instruments
currently in use, are set out in note | to the consolidated financial statements.

Political donations
The Company made no political donations during the financial year under review.
Directors

The directors in office during the period and until the date the accounts were authorised for issue are shown
below:

T Jegen (appointed 16 June 2025)

P Waterhouse (appointed 10 April 2026)

A Simpson

H Cowing (appointed 1 December 2025, resigned 10 April 2026)
M Schmidt (resigned 1 December 2025)

A Russo (resigned on 30 April 2025)

Tjeerd Jegen was appointed as Chief Executive Officer with effect from 16 June 2025.

As previously announced by the Group on 24 February 2025, Alex Russo served as Chief Executive Officer of
the B&M Group from September 2022 until his retirement from the Board on 30 April 2025.

As previously announced by the Group on 20 October 2025, Mike Schmidt stepped down from his role as Chief
Financial Officer.

On 12 November 2025, Helen Cowing was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer and was appointed to
the Board on 1 December.

On 10 April 2026, the Group announced that Helen Cowing had stepped down from her role as interim Chief
Financial Officer and that Peter Waterhouse, previously B&M Finance Director, succeeded her as interim Chief
Financial Officer with immediate effect as interim Chief Financial Officer, with effect immediately.

All directors served for the whole period except where indicated above.

Dividends

In November 2025, the Company made dividends of £40m and received dividends of £100m respectively.

In the prior period, in October 2024, January 2025 and March 2025 the Company made dividends totalling
£35m, £150m and £106m and received dividends totalling £80m, £150m and £120m, respectively.

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
a

Report of the directors

Disclosure of information to the auditor
Each of the directors at the date of approval of this report confirm that:

+ so far as the directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is
unaware; and

+ the directors have taken steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the
Companies Act 2006.

Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be re-appointed and KPMG
LLP will therefore continue in office.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

Peter Waterhouse
Director
8 July 2026

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
The Vault

Dakota Drive

Estuary Commerce Park

Speke

Liverpool

124 8RJ

B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
Oe]

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Strategic
Report, Directors’ Report and Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, Directors’ Report and the financial statements
in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that law
they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting
standards and applicable law.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

¢ — select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
¢ make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable;
© — state whether they have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards;

e assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and

e use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the’preparation, of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have’. general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and
to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of
financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European
Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of B&M European Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited (“the Company”)
for the period ended 28 March 2026 which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of

Financial Position, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement of Cash Flows and related notes,
including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

. give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 28 March 2026, and of its profit for
the period then ended;

. have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; and

° have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under,
and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to
liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company’s financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could
have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the Company’s business
model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company’s financial resources or ability to continue
operations over the going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

. we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate;

. we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt
on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes
that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions
are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that
could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk
assessment procedures included:

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European
Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

. Reading Board Minutes.
° Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of
fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of
controls, in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries.
Based on our risk assessment, no high-risk journal entries were identified. We selected journal entries to test
based on professional judgement and compared these entries to supporting documentation. On this audit we do
not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition because there are no revenue transactions.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement related to compliance with laws and
regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the
financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, through discussion with the directors
and other management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other
management the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of
non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including
financial reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation, and
taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our
procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-
compliance could have .a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance
through the imposition of fines or litigations. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have
such an effect: health and safety, data protection laws, anti-bribery, employment law, and certain aspects of
company legislation recognising the nature of the Company’s activities and its legal form. Auditing standards
limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the
directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore if a
breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will
not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some
material misstatements in the’financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our
audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and
regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently
limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit
procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance
or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

10

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European
Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited
Strategic report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial
statements does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether,
based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with
the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and directors’ report;

. in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial period is consistent with the
financial statements; and

. in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

. adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

° the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
. certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
° we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.
Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 8, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of
the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either
intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at
www. fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities

11

Independent auditor’s report to the members of B&M European
Value Retail Holdco 4 Limited

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Andrew Cawthray (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor

Chartered Accountants
1 Snow Hill Queensway
Birmingham

B4 6GH

8 July 2026

12