BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail PLC announced the grant of nil-cost share options to several persons discharging managerial responsibilities on July 29, 2026. Alexander Simpson, Group General Counsel, received 68,696 options, Jonathan Parry, Retail and Supply Director, received 87,183 options, Simon Hathway, Group Trading Director, received 87,183 options, Anthony Giron, Managing Director of B&M France, received 63,033 options, Jen Lawrence, Group People Director, received 65,387 options, Suzie Williams, Group IT Director, received 40,473 options, and Tony Dobbs, Managing Director of Heron Foods, received 54,774 options. These transactions occurred outside a trading venue. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 05 August 2026 Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Alexander Simpson 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Alexander Simpson is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being the Group General Counsel Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc. LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 68,696 nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 68,696 nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Jonathan Parry 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Jonathan Parry is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being the Retail and Supply Director. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 87,183 Nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 87,183 Nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Simon Hathway 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Simon Hathway is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being Group Trading Director. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc. LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 87,183 nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 87,183 nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Anthony Giron 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Anthony Giron is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being Managing Director of B&M France. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 63,033 nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 63,033 nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Jen Lawrence 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Jen Lawrence is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being the Group People Director. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 65,387 Nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 65,387 Nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Suzie Williams 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Suzie Williams is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being Group I.T Director. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc. LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 40,473 nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 40,473 nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Tony Dobbs 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Tony Dobbs is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being Managing Director of Heron Foods. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Grant of nil-cost share options Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total Nil 54,774 nil Aggregated Information Price Volume Total Nil 54,774 nil Date of Transaction 29 July 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and