BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail S.A. has successfully completed its migration and is now registered in Jersey as B&M European Value Retail plc, company number 164498. An application has been made for the admission of 1,005,038,256 ordinary shares of £0.10 each to trading on the London Stock Exchange's main market, expected to occur on March 2, 2026, with the ticker remaining BME and the new ISIN being JE00BVSYJW51. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail S.A. 27 February 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 27 February 2026 Completion of Migration Further to the announcement on 25 February 2026 in relation to the approval and publication of its prospectus (the " Prospectus "), the Company is pleased to announce that all of the conditions to completion of the Migration have now been satisfied, and the Migration has become effective. As a result of the Migration having been completed, the Company is now registered in Jersey as B&M European Value Retail plc under company number 164498 . The new registered address for B&M Jersey is 26 New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE2 3RA. Notwithstanding that it is now registered as a public limited company under the laws of Jersey, the Company has continuity of legal personality pursuant to the Migration. An application has been made to the Financial Conduct Authority (" FCA ") for the admission of 1,005,038,256 ordinary shares of £0.10 each in the capital of B&M Jersey (the " B&M Jersey Shares ") to the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) Category of the FCA and to trading on the main market for listed security of London Stock Exchange plc (the " Admission "). It is expected that Admission will occur at 8:00 a.m. on 2 March 2026. B&M Jersey Shares held in uncertificated form will be credited to the relevant CREST accounts upon admission which will occur at 8:00 a.m. on 2 March 2026. A small number of shareholders with suspended voting rights will receive a letter from B&M Jersey outlining the information such shareholders will be required to provide in order to receive their share certificates. Upon receipt of the requested information, the share certificates in respect of B&M Jersey Shares held in certificated form will be despatched to such shareholders. For further information please refer to the FAQ document here . The new ISIN for B&M Jersey is JE00BVSYJW51. The ticker for B&M Jersey is unchanged and will therefore remain as BME. Capitalised terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Prospectus published by the Company on 25 February 2026. Merrill Lynch International (" BofA Securities ") is acting as sponsor under the UK Listing Rules in relation to Admission. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc Alexander Simpson (Group General Counsel) +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Ext. 6363 Andrew Orchard (Head of Investor Relations) Investor.relations@bandmretail.com Important Notice The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable requirements. The information disclosed in this announcement may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of the United Kingdom. This announcement is not intended to, and does not constitute, or form part of, an offer to sell or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus or a prospectus equivalent document. Disclaimer BofA Securities, which is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority ("PRA") and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Admission, and will not be responsible to anyone other the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Admission or any transaction, matter, or arrangement referred to in this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and