Board Retirement B&M European Value Retail PLC 18 June 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Company registration number 164498 Registered office: 26 New Street, St Helier Jersey JE2 3RA (the "Company") 18 June 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Board Retirement B&M European Value Retail plc. (the "Company") announces that Nadia Shouraboura has decided not to stand for re-election as a Non-Executive Director of the Company at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 July 2026 (the "AGM"). Accordingly, Nadia will retire as a Non-Executive Director of the Company at the conclusion of the AGM. Nadia has served as a Non-Executive Director since May 2024. During that time, she has been a member of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration and Nomination Committees of the Company. Tiffany Hall, Chair, said "On behalf of the Board I would like to thank Nadia for her valuable insight and significant contribution to the Board and the Committees on which she has served. We wish her well for the future." The Company makes this announcement in accordance with UKLR 6.4.6R of the Listing Rules. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc For further information please contact +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations Investor.relations@bandmretail.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Mitchells & Butlers 54 minutes ago Globaldata 1 hour ago Weir Group 3 hours ago Acceler8 Ventures 3 hours ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and