BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail plc announced that its entire issued share capital, comprising 1,005,038,256 ordinary shares of £0.10 each, has been admitted to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange. This admission to trading is a significant corporate event that could impact investor perception and the company's share price. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 02 March 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OR PROSPECTUS EQUIVALENT DOCUMENT AND NEITHER THIS ANNOUNCEMENT NOR ANYTHING HEREIN FORMS THE BASIS FOR ANY OFFER TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR ANY SHARES OR OTHER SECURITIES IN THE COMPANY NOR SHALL IT FORM THE BASIS FOR ANY CONTRACT OR COMMITMENT WHATSOEVER. 2 March 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Admission to the Equity Shares (Commercial Companies) Category of the Official List and to trading on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange B&M European Value Retail plc (" B&M Jersey ", the " Company ") announces that all of its issued share capital, consisting of 1,005,038,256 ordinary shares of £0.10 each (the " B&M Jersey Shares ") , has today been admitted to the equity shares (commercial companies) category of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and to trading on the main market for listed securities of London Stock Exchange plc. Merrill Lynch International (" BofA Securities ") is acting as sponsor under the UK Listing Rules in relation to admission. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc Alexander Simpson (Group General Counsel) +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Ext. 6363 Andrew Orchard (Head of Investor Relations) Investor.relations@bandmretail.com IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or completeness. The contents of this announcement have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of the Company. The Company is not offering any B&M Jersey Shares or other securities in connection with the proposals described in this announcement. This announcement does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or solicitation of any offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities in the Company or securities in any other entity, in any jurisdiction, nor shall it, or any part of it, or the fact of its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or investment decision whatsoever, in any jurisdiction. BofA Securities, which is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (" PRA ") and regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and the PRA, is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Admission, and will not be responsible to anyone other the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Admission or any transaction, matter, or arrangement referred to in this announcement. This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of America, Australia, Canada, Japan or South Africa. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan or South Africa. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act "), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No public offering of the securities referred to herein is being made in the United States or any other jurisdiction. This announcement may include forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations and projections about future events. These statements may include, without limitation, any statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as "target", "believe", "expect", "aim", "intend", "may", "anticipate", "estimate", "plan", "project", "will", "can have", "likely", "should", "would", "could" and any other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time (the "Group") and its investments, including, among other things, the development of its business, trends in its operating environment, and future capital expenditures and acquisitions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement speak only as at the date of this announcement. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of future events which may not prove to be accurate and none of the Group nor BofA Securities, nor any of such person's affiliates or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and/or advisors, nor any other person(s) accepts any responsibility for the accuracy or fairness of the opinions expressed in this announcement or the underlying assumptions. Actual events or conditions are unlikely to be consistent with, and may differ significantly from, those assumed. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events in the forward-looking statements may not occur. No representation or warranty is made that any forward-looking statement will come to pass. No one undertakes to update, supplement, amend or revise any forward-looking statements. You are therefore cautioned not to place any undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Potential investors should not base their financial decision on this announcement. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing all of the amount invested. Persons considering making investments should consult an authorised person specialising in advising on such investments. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation in relation to the B&M Jersey Shares. The value of shares can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of any investment in the B&M Jersey Shares for the person concerned. Nothing contained herein constitutes or should be construed as (i) investment, tax, financial, accounting or legal advice; (ii) a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual circumstances; or (iii) a personal recommendation to you. Neither BofA Securities nor any of its affiliates and/or any of its or its affiliates' respective directors, officers, employees, advisers and/or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to, the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) and/or any other information relating to the Company and/or its associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of the Group's website are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, this announcement. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and