RNS Number : 5349Q iShares V iBonds Dec 2026 Dis $ 13 August 2026 FUND: iShares iBonds Dec 2026 Term $ Corp UCITS ETF USD (Dist) DEALING DATE: 12-Aug-26 NAV PER SHARE: Official NAV USD 5.062909 NUMBER OF SHARES IN ISSUE: 57,963,739 CODE: ID26 LN ISIN: IE0007UPSEA3 DISCLAIMER: All information provided by BlackRock is purely of an indicative nature and subject to change without notice at any time. The information is for guidance only and does not represent an offer, investment advice or any kind of financial service. Although BlackRock has obtained the information provided from sources that should be considered reliable, BlackRock cannot guarantee its accuracy, completeness or that it is fit for any particular purpose. The information provided does not confer any rights. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The value of investments and the income from them can fall as well as rise and is not guaranteed. You may not get back the amount originally invested. Changes in the rates of exchange between currencies may cause the value of investments to diminish or increase. Fluctuation may be particularly marked in the case of a higher volatility fund or segregated account and the value of an investment may fall suddenly and substantially. Levels and basis of taxation may change from time to time. iShares® and BlackRock® are registered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. © 2026 BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL. Tel: 020 7743 3000. Registered in England No. 00796793. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END NAVGPURCRUPQUPW