Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 23 September 2026 23 September 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Appointment of Non-Executive Director B&M European Value Retail plc (the 'Company'), the UK's leading variety goods value retailer, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mike Iddon as an independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, with effect from 4 th January 2027. Mike will also become a member of the Audit and Risk Committee and the Nomination Committee with effect from his appointment. Mike is an experienced retail finance leader with an extensive career across large-scale, multi-site consumer businesses. He was most recently the Group Chief Financial Officer of Pets at Home Group plc. Before that, he was Chief Financial Officer of New Look and held a number of senior finance leadership roles during a 13-year career at Tesco plc, including Chief Financial Officer of Tesco UK and Chief Financial Officer of Tesco South Korea. Earlier in his career, Mike held finance roles at Kingfisher and Whitbread and trained with Arthur Andersen. Mike has been a Non-Executive Director of Wickes Group plc since 2021 and chairs its Audit and Risk Committee. He is a chartered accountant and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Tiffany Hall, Chair, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Mike to the Board. He brings deep financial, commercial and listed-company experience, together with an extensive understanding of large-scale retail businesses. His perspective will strengthen the Board as we continue to execute our strategy and focus on delivering sustainable long-term value for shareholders." Mike Iddon commented: "I am very pleased to be joining the Board of B&M. The Group has a strong value proposition and an important role in serving customers across the UK and France. I look forward to working with Tiffany, Tjeerd and the wider Board as the business continues to deliver its strategy." This announcement is made pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R. The Company confirms that there is no additional information to be disclosed pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc For further information, please contact +44 (0) 151 728 5400 Alexander Simpson, General Counsel & Company Secretary Andrew Orchard, Head of Investor Relations investor.relations@bandmretail.com Media For media please contact: Sam Cartwright, H-advisors, sam.cartwright@h -advisors.global +44 (0) 7827 254 561 or Jonathan Cook, H-advisors, jonathan.cook@h-advisors.global +44 (0) 7730 777 865 About B&M European Value Retail plc B&M European Value Retail plc is a variety retailer with 797 stores in the UK operating under the 'B&M' brand, 339 stores under the 'Heron Foods' and 'B&M Express' brands, and 155 stores in France also operating under the 'B&M' brand as at 9 September 2026. The B&M Group was founded in 1978 and listed on the London Stock Exchange in June 2014. For more information, please visit www.bandmretail.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 26 minutes ago LSL Property Services 26 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 1 hour ago Mcbride 1 hour ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and