BETA Close X B&M European Value Retail plc announced that as of August 31, 2026, its issued share capital comprises 1,005,554,363 ordinary shares. However, due to suspended voting rights on 8,261 dematerialised shares, the total number of voting rights is 1,005,546,102. Shareholders should use the total issued share capital of 1,005,554,363 for notification purposes under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 02 September 2026 02 September 2026 B&M European Value Retail plc Total Voting Rights In accordance with the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, B&M European Value Retail plc (the "Company") confirms that as at 31 August 2026, the issued share capital and voting rights of the Company are as follows. The Company's issued share capital consists of 1,005,554,363 (one billion five million five hundred and fifty-four thousand three hundred and sixty-three) ordinary shares of 10 pence each with voting rights of one vote per share. There are no shares held by the Company in treasury. However, as outlined in the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 28 March 2026, voting rights are suspended for those shares which have not been dematerialised by their owners. As at today's date, v oting rights attaching to 8,261 (eight thousand two hundred and sixty-one) shares in aggregate are suspended and the total number of voting rights in the Company as at 31 August 2026 is therefore 1,005,546,102 (one billion five million five hundred and forty-six thousand one hundred and two). Shareholders should still use the total number of shares in issue of 1,005,554,363 as the basis for the calculation by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest or a change to their interest in the Company under the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries B&M European Value Retail plc Tjeerd Jegen, Chief Executive Officer Alex Simpson, GC and Company Secretary investor.relations@bandmretail.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and