BETA Close X Peter Waterhouse, Interim Chief Financial Officer of B&M European Value Retail plc, has notified the company of a transaction involving ordinary shares. On August 10, 2026, Waterhouse exercised nil-cost share options under the Restricted Share Award 2023, receiving 7,883 ordinary shares with a total value of £0. He subsequently disposed of 3,715 of these shares on the London Stock Exchange at a price of £2.344 per share, totaling £8,707.96, to discharge his tax liability. Disclaimer* B&M European Value Retail PLC 12 August 2026 Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Peter Waterhouse 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Peter Waterhouse is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being the Interim Chief Financial Officer. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc. LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Exercise of nil-cost share options in relation to Restricted Share Award 2023 Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total 0 7,883 0 Aggregated Information Price Volume Total 0 7,883 0 Date of Transaction 10 August 2026 Place of transaction Outside a trading venue Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities and persons closely associated with them notification 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated Legal person Peter Waterhouse 2. Reason for the notification Position/status Peter Waterhouse is a person discharging managerial responsibilities in relation to the Issuer's Group, being the Interim Chief Financial Officer. Initial notification/ amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor Issuer B&M European Value Retail plc. LEI 213800UK7ZRLY2K1X530 4. Details of the transaction(s) Description of the financial instrument, type of Instrument Ordinary shares of 10 pence each Identification Code ISIN JE00BVSYJW51 Nature of the transaction Disposal of sufficient shares to discharge tax liability upon exercise of share options. Currency GBP Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Total 2.344 3,715 £8707.96 Aggregated Information Price Volume Total 2.344 3,715 £8707.96 Date of Transaction 10 August 2026 Place of transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) (BME) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and