UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 5, 2026 STERIS plc (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Ireland 001-38848 98-1455064 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland D02 R296 (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: + 353 1 232 2000 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Ordinary Shares, $0.001 par value STE New York Stock Exchange 2.700% Senior Notes due 2031 STE/31 New York Stock Exchange 3.750% Senior Notes due 2051 STE/51 New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On August 5, 2026, STERIS plc (the “Company” or "STERIS") issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. A copy of this press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The information contained in this Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. Furthermore, the information contained in this Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933. Item 2.05 Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities. On August 5, 2026, the Company announced a targeted consolidation plan (the “Consolidation Plan”) to consolidate existing manufacturing and distribution for formulated chemistries to a new Center of Excellence in North Carolina. The investment is expected to accelerate innovation, expand capacity and optimize our U.S. chemistries manufacturing and distribution network. The Consolidation Plan includes the anticipated closure of chemistry manufacturing and distribution facilities in St. Louis, Missouri, and Plymouth, Minnesota. The Company currently expects to incur total restructuring charges of approximately $55 million to $70 million, consisting of approximately $40 million to $50 million of cash expenditures and approximately $15 million to $20 million of charges. Cash expenditures are expected to primarily consist of Associate retention, severance and benefits, and also include transition, facility exit and other related costs. charges are expected to primarily relate to accelerated depreciation. These charges are expected to be incurred over time, with completion anticipated to occur during fiscal 2030, and will be excluded from adjusted earnings measurements. Statement This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain statements concerning certain trends, expectations, forecasts, estimates, or other information affecting or relating to STERIS or its industry, products or activities that are intended to qualify for the protections afforded “ statements” under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other laws and regulations. statements speak only as to the date the statement is made and may be identified by the use of terms such as “may,” “will,” “expects,” “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “estimates,” “projects,” “targets,” “forecasts,” “outlook,” “impact,” “potential,” “confidence,” “improve,” “optimistic,” “deliver,” “orders,” “backlog,” “comfortable,” “trend,” and “seeks,” or the negative of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements including, without limitation, those identified in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on May 29, 2026. Other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the statements include, without limitation: (a) the impact on STERIS and its operations of any legislation, regulations or orders, including but not limited to any new trade, regulations or orders, that may be implemented by the U.S. administration or Congress, or of any responses thereto by .S. governments; (b) operating costs, pressure on pricing (including, without limitation, as a result of inflation), Customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, Customers, clients or suppliers) being greater than expected and leading to erosion of profit margins; (c) the potential of international unrest, military conflicts, economic downturns, currency fluctuations and cybersecurity events and any resulting effects on STERIS’s anticipated growth, performance or other results; (d) changes in healthcare policy or government or other payor reimbursement levels; (e) the possibility that compliance with laws, court rulings, certifications, regulations, or other regulatory actions, or the outcome of any pending or threatened litigation, including the EO litigation, may delay, limit or prevent new product or service introductions, impact production, supply and/or marketing of existing products or services, result in uncovered costs, or otherwise affect STERIS’s performance, results, prospects or value; (f) changes in tax laws or interpretations or the adoption of certain income tax treaties in jurisdictions where we operate that could increase our consolidated tax liabilities, including changes in tax laws that would result in STERIS being treated as a U.S. resident for U.S. federal tax purposes, or the impact of tariffs and/or other trade barriers as a result of STERIS’s corporate structure; (g) the impacts of increasing consolidation and competition within our industry, which may exert pressure on our pricing strategy, manufacturing strategy or lead to decreasing demand for our products and services; (h) the effects on our operations resulting from issues, such as strikes, unsuccessful union negotiations and other workforce disruptions or from our inability to recruit or retain management and other personnel; (i) the level of STERIS’s indebtedness limiting financial flexibility or increasing future borrowing costs; (j) the effects of changes in credit availability and pricing, as well as the ability of STERIS and STERIS’s Customers and suppliers to adequately access the credit markets, on favorable terms or at all, when needed; (k) the possibility that anticipated financial results, anticipated revenues, productivity improvements, cost savings, growth synergies, and other anticipated benefits of acquisitions, restructuring efforts, and divestitures will not be realized or will be less than anticipated due to unknown or inestimable liabilities, impairments, or increases in expected integration costs or difficulties in connection with the integration of acquired businesses; and (l) the possibility that expectations about the benefits, charges and cash expenditures from the new Center of Excellence in North Carolina and the related facility consolidation plan may not be accurate or realized on anticipated timelines, or at all. Unless legally required, STERIS does not undertake to update or revise any statements even if events make clear that any projected results, express or implied, will not be realized. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits: Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by STERIS plc on August 5 , 2026 announcing financial results for its fiscal 202 7 first quarter ending June 30, 2026 . 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. STERIS plc By /s/ J. Adam Zangerle Name: J. Adam Zangerle Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Company Secretary Dated: August 5, 2026