Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 30 Introduction 30 Financial Measures 30 31 General Overview and Executive Summary 31 Financial Measures 33 Results of Operations 33 Liquidity and Capital Resources 39 Capital Expenditures 42 Material Future Cash Obligations and Commercial Commitments 42 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 43 Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions 45 Statements 49 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Interest Rate Risk 50 Foreign Currency Risk 50 Commodity Risk 50 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 102 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 102 Item 9B Other Information 104 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 104 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 105 Item 11 Executive Compensation 105 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 105 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 105 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 105 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 106 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 109 Signatures 110 2 Table of Contents PART I Throughout this Annual Report, STERIS plc and its subsidiaries together are called "STERIS," "the Company," "we," "us," or "our," unless otherwise noted. References in this Annual Report to a particular "year," "fiscal," "fiscal year," or " " mean our fiscal year, which ends on March 31. For example, fiscal year 2026 ended on March 31, 2026. ITEM 1. BUSINESS INTRODUCTION STERIS is a leading global provider of products and services that support patient care with an emphasis on infection prevention. WE HELP OUR CUSTOMERS CREATE A HEALTHIER AND SAFER WORLD by providing innovative healthcare and life science products and services around the globe. We offer our Customers a unique mix of innovative products and services. These include: consumable products, such as detergents, endoscopy accessories, barrier products, instruments and tools; services, including equipment installation and maintenance, microbial reduction of medical devices, instrument and scope repair, laboratory testing, and outsourced reprocessing; capital equipment, such as sterilizers, surgical tables, and automated endoscope reprocessors; and connectivity solutions such as operating room (“OR”) integrati on. We operate and report our financial information in three reportable business segments: Healthcare, Applied Sterilization Technologies ("AST"), and Life Sciences. Previously, we had four reportable business segments; however, as a result of the fiscal 2025 divestiture of our Dental segment, Dental is presented as discontinued operations. Historical information has been retrospectively adjusted to exclude discontinued operations for comparability, as required. For more information, refer to Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "Discontinued Operations." operating costs that support the entire Company and items not indicative of operating trends are excluded from segment operating income. We describe our business segments in the section that follows, titled "Information Related to Business Segments" and Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "Business Segment Information." The bulk of our revenues are derived from healthcare, medical device and pharmaceutical Customers. Much of the growth in these industries is driven by the aging of the population throughout the world, as an increasing number of individuals are entering their prime healthcare consumption years, and is dependent upon advancement in healthcare delivery, acceptance of new technologies, government policies, and general economic conditions. In addition, there is increased demand for medical procedures, including preventive screenings such as endoscopies and colonoscopies; and a desire by our Customers to operate more efficiently, all of which are driving increased demand for many of our products and services. INFORMATION RELATED TO BUSINESS SEGMENTS Our chief operating decision maker is our President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). The CEO is responsible for performance assessment and resource allocation. The CEO regularly receives discrete financial information about each reportable segment and uses this information to assess performance and allocate resources. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements titled, “Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” of this Annual Report. HEALTHCARE SEGMENT Description of Busi ness. Our Healthcare segment provides a comprehensive offering for healthcare providers worldwide, focused on sterile processing departments and procedural centers, such as operating rooms and endoscopy suites. Our products and services range from infection prevention consumables and capital equipment, as well as services to maintain that equipment, to the repair of procedural instruments, to outsourced instrument reprocessing services. In addition, our procedural products also include endoscopy accessories, instruments, and capital equipment infrastructure used primarily in operating rooms, ambulatory surgery centers, endoscopy suites, and other procedural areas. Products Offered. Our products include cleaning chemistries and sterility assurance products, automated endoscope reprocessing systems and tracking products, endoscopy accessories, instruments, washers, sterilizers and other pieces of capital equipment essential to the operations of a sterile processing department and equipment used directly in the procedure rooms, including surgical tables, lights, equipment management services, and connectivity solutions. Services Offered. Our Healthcare segment service employees install, maintain, upgrade, repair, and troubleshoot capital equipment throughout the world. We offer various preventive maintenance programs and repair services to support the effective operation of capital equipment over its lifetime. Our Healthcare segment also provides comprehensive instrument, devices, and endoscope repair and maintenance services ( or at one of our dedicated facilities), custom process improvement consulting and outsourced instrument sterile processing ( at the hospital and in reprocessing centers). 3 Table of Contents Customer Concentration. Our Healthcare segment sells consumables, services and capital equipment to Customers in many countries throughout the world. For the year ended March 31, 2026, no Customer represented more than 10% of the Healthcare segment's total revenues. Competition. We compete with a number of large companies that have significant product portfolios and global reach, as well as a number of small companies with very limited product offerings and operations in one or a limited number of countries. On a product basis, competitors include 3M, Baxter, Boston Scientific, Belimed, Ecolab, Fortive, Getinge, Karl Storz, Olympus, Ruhof, SteelCo, Stryker, Skytron and Wassenburg. On a service line basis, competitors include BBraun, Crothall, Olympus and Pentax. AST SEGMENT Description of Business. Our AST segment supports medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturers through a global network of contract sterilization and laboratory testing facilities, and integrated sterilization equipment and control systems. Our offering supports Customers every step of the way, from testing through sterilization. Services Offered. We offer a wide range of sterilization modalities and an array of testing services that complement the manufacturing of , sterile products. Our facilities are located in regions with a concentration of medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturing throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia. Our technical professionals support Customers in all phases of product development, materials testing, and process validation. Our AST segment also provides service support to our global installed base of integrated sterilization equipment and control systems, including installation, preventive maintenance, updates, repairs, and troubleshooting. Products Offered. We support Customers with process controls and monitoring systems, and integrated sterilization equipment, including accelerators, product handling, and automation. Customer Concentration. Our AST segment’s services are offered to Customers throughout the world. For the year ended March 31, 2026, no Customer represented more than 10% of the segment’s revenues. Competition. AST operates in a highly regulated industry and competes with Sterigenics, other smaller contract sterilization companies, other manufacturers of sterilization equipment and control systems, and manufacturers that sterilize products . LIFE SCIENCES SEGMENT Description of Business. Our Life Sciences segment provides a comprehensive offering of products and services designed to support biopharmaceutical and medical device manufacturing facilities, in particular those focused on aseptic manufacturing. Our portfolio includes a full suite of consumable products, equipment maintenance, specialty services, and capital equipment. Products Offered. Our products include pharmaceutical detergen ts, cleanroom disinfectants and sterilants, pharmaceutical grade and research sterilizers and washers, sterility assurance and maintenance products, vaporized hydrogen peroxide room decontamination systems and sterilizers, and high purity water and pure steam generators. Services Offered. Our Life Sciences segment service employees install, maintain, upgrade, repair, and troubleshoot equipment throughout the world. We offer various preventive maintenance programs and repair services to support the effective operation of capital equipment over its lifetime. Customer Concentration. Our Life Sciences segment sells consumables, services and capital equipment to Customers globally. For the year ended March 31, 2026, no Customer represented more than 10% of the Life Sciences segment’s total revenues. Competition. Our Life Sciences segment operates in highly regulated environments where the most intense competition results from technological innovations, product performance, convenience and ease of use, and overall . We compete for pharmaceutical Customers with a number of large companies that have significant product portfolios and global reach, as well as a number of small companies with very limited product offerings and operations in one or a limited number of countries. Competitors include Belimed, Contec, Ecolab, Fedegari, Getinge, and Stilmas. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO OUR BUSINESS IN GENERAL Sources and Availability of Raw Materials. We purchase raw materials, , components, and other supplies needed in our operations from numerous suppliers in the United States and internationally. These raw materials and supplies are generally available from several suppliers and in sufficient quantities. We have supply contracts for certain materials for which there are few suppliers, or those that are in certain regions of the world, such as ethylene oxide ("EO") and radioisotope (" "), which are necessary to our AST operations. In addition, we continue to expand our irradiation processing capacity with accelerator-based technologies, in order to help mitigate the potential supply risk. 4 Table of Contents Intellectual Property. We protect our technology and products by, among other means, obtaining United States and foreign patents. There can be no assurance, however, that any patent will provide adequate protection for the technology, system, product, service, or process it covers. In addition, the process of obtaining and protecting patents can be long and expensive. We also rely upon trade secrets, technical , and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our co mpetitive position. As of March 31, 2026, we h eld 606 United States patents and 2,402 patents in other jurisdictions and had 94 United States patent applications and 235 patent applications pending in other jurisdictions. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of filing or grant and legal term of patents in various countries where a patent is obtained. The actual protection a patent provides varies from country to country and depends in part upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, and the availability of legal remedies in each country. Our products are sold around the world under various brand names and trademarks. We consider our brand names and trademarks to be valuable in the marketing of our products. As of March 31, 2026, we had a total of approximately 2,079 trademark registrations worldwide. Quality Assurance. We manufacture, assemble, and package products in several countries. Each of our production facilities is dedicated to particular processes and products. Our success depends upon Customer confidence in the quality of our production process and the integrity of the data that supports our product safety and effectiveness. We have implemented a harmonized, global Quality Management System to support the quality and integrity of scientific information and production processes. We are subject to strict regulatory compliance and quality standards to ensure the safety and supply of our products and services. The STERIS quality system is scoped and designed to achieve quality from incoming materials through the design, development, manufacture, storage, handling and distribution of our products and delivery of services. To monitor compliance with these standards, internal and assessments of our quality and regulatory systems are conducted. FDA and Regulatory Authorities worldwide periodically conduct inspections of our manufacturing and contract sterilization facilities to confirm compliance. In connection with an inspection, the FDA may initiate enforcement actions, e.g., warning letters, consent decrees, sanctions, injunctions, etc., beyond inspectional findings. In fiscal 2026, STERIS was not the subject of any FDA or Regulatory Authority enforcement actions. Additionally, STERIS had zero products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database. We have in place processes to monitor and support compliance with product and service regulations worldwide, including design controls, product changes, labeling and advertising, marketing materials, good manufacturing practices, and adverse event reporting requirements. We take prompt action whenever we are alerted to regulatory or issues with a STERIS product. Following immediate assessment, we take corrective action, including voluntary product recalls, when needed. We examine underlying issues and root cause and work to resolve these to avoid recurrence. STERIS had no Class I recalls in fiscal 2026, 2025 or 2024. Continuous Improvement. Continuous improvement is fundamental to how we operate at STERIS. We apply Lean principles across manufacturing, service operations, back office, and support functions through our Improvement framework. Our Improvement framework establishes a consistent foundation for problem solving, standard work, and performance management while enabling local ownership, creativity, and innovation. We assess system maturity and opportunity for improvement across core dimensions—including culture, training and development, routine management and strategic alignment, 5S, value stream mapping, kaizen management, integration with new product development ("NPD"), and key performance indicators. Our efforts are designed to deliver better outcomes for Customers, Shareholders, and Associates. By targeting key areas, we strengthen performance, agility, and value. In manufacturing and service operations, we apply flow and cellular production concepts and Associates to increase flexibility and throughput. We also assess opportunities to , outsource, or adopt technology to drive value. We extend these principles to back office and support functions where Improvement tools streamline workflows, reduce waste, and improve service delivery. A dedicated Continuous Improvement team partners with the business to coach, build capability, and accelerate results. Through kaizen events, tiered daily management, and natural work team initiatives, we foster a culture where Associates are empowered to drive change. This mindset is supported at all levels of the Company, reinforcing alignment, engagement, and sustainable performance. 5 Table of Contents Government Regulation. Our business is subject to various degrees of governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate. In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA"), the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ("NRC"), and other governmental authorities regulate the development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of our products and services. Our international operations are subject to a broad range of government regulations across multiple jurisdictions, including rules and regulations and U.S. regulations applicable to our international operations. Government regulations require detailed inspection of, and controls over, research and development, clinical investigations, product approvals and manufacturing, marketing and promotion, sampling, distribution, , storage, and disposal practices. Compliance with applicable regulations involves significant ongoing expense. Past, current or future regulations, their interpretation, or their application could have a material adverse impact on our operations. Also, additional governmental regulation may be passed that could prevent, delay, revoke, or result in the rejection of regulatory clearance of our products. We cannot predict the effect on our operations resulting from current or future governmental regulation or the interpretation or application of these regulations. If we fail to comply with any applicable regulatory requirements, penalties could be imposed on us. For more information about the risks we face regarding regulatory requirements, see Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report titled, "Risk Factors." We are subject to extensive regulatory requirements and must receive and maintain regulatory clearance or approval for many products and operations. Failure to receive or maintain, or delays in receiving, clearance or approvals may hurt our revenues, profitability, financial condition, or value. In the past, we have received warning letters, paid civil penalties, conducted product recalls and field corrections, and been subject to other regulatory penalties. We believe that we are currently compliant in all material respects with applicable regulatory requirements. However, there can be no assurance that future or current regulatory, governmental, or private action will not have a material adverse effect on us or on our performance, results, or financial condition. Environmental Matters. We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in Ireland, the United States and other countries. We have made, and continue to make, significant investments to comply with these laws and regulations. We cannot predict the future capital expenditures or operating costs required to comply with environmental laws and regulations. We believe that we are currently compliant with applicable environmental, health, and safety requirements in all material respects. However, there can be no assurance that future or current regulatory, governmental, or private action will not have a material adverse effect on our performance, results, or financial condition. Please refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "Commitments and Contingencies" for further information. In the future, if a loss contingency related to environmental matters, employee safety, health or conditional asset retirement obligations which is estimable and probable is significantly greater than the current recorded amount, we would record an additional liability for the obligation and it may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which the liability is recorded. The investigation and remediation of environmental obligations generally occur over an extended period of time, and therefore we do not know if these events would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, or cash flow, nor can there be any assurance that such liabilities would not have a material adverse effect on our performance, results, or financial condition. Competition. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and generally highly regulated. Competition is intense in all of our business segments and includes many large and small competitors. Brand, design, quality, safety, ease of use, serviceability, price, product features, warranty, delivery, service, and technical support are important competitive factors to us. We expect to face continued competition in the future as new infection prevention, sterile processing, contamination control, gastrointestinal and surgical support products and services enter the market. We believe many organizations are working with a variety of technologies and sterilizing agents. We believe that our competitive position depends on our success in discovering, developing, and marketing innovative, products and services. We devote significant resources to research and development efforts, and we believe STERIS is positioned as a global competitor in the search for technological innovations. In addition to research and development, we invest in quality control, Customer training programs, distribution systems, technical services, and other information services. In addition to organic opportunities, acquisitions are a key part of our strategy for growth. There can be no assurance that we will develop significant new products or services, or that the new products or services we provide or develop in the future will be more commercially successful than those provided or developed by our competitors. In addition, some of our existing or potential competitors may have greater resources than us. Therefore, a competitor may succeed in developing and commercializing products more rapidly than we do. Competition, as it relates to our business segments and product categories, is discussed in more detail in the section above titled, “Information Related to Business Segments.” 6 Table of Contents Methods of Distribution. Sales and service activities are supported by a staff of regionally based clinical specialists, system planners, corporate account managers, and Customer service and field support departments. We also contract with distributors and dealers. Customer training is important to our business. We provide a variety of courses at Customer locations, at our training and education centers, and over the internet. Our training programs help Customers understand the science, technology, and operation of our products and services. Many of our operator training programs are approved by professional certifying organizations and offer continuing education credits to eligible course participants. Seasonality. Our financial results have, from time to time, exhibited seasonal patterns. In particular, capital equipment revenues within our Healthcare segment have historically been higher in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. However, we cannot guarantee that these patterns will persist. Backlog. We define backlog as the amount of unfilled capital equipment purchase orders at a point in time. At March 31, 2026, we had a backlog of $490.7 million. Of this amount, $392.1 million and $98.7 million related to our Healthcare and Life Sciences segments, respectively. At March 31, 2025, we had backlog orders of $452.9 million. Of this amount, $369.2 million and $83.7 million related to our Healthcare and Life Sciences segments, respectively. Backlog increased in fiscal 2026 due to the timing of shipments and the benefit of acquisitions. Availability of Securities and Exchange Commission Filings. We make available free of charge on or through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You may access these documents, as well as other SEC filings related to the Company, on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://www. .com . You may also obtain copies of these documents by accessing the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . The content on or accessible through any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. We also make available free of charge on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Director Code of Ethics, and our Code of Business Conduct, as well as the Charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Organization Development Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Compliance and Technology Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Our Corporate Responsibility function is led by the Vice President of Corporate Responsibility & Safety. The Corporate Responsibility function, with support from our CEO, General Counsel and other senior executives, works to actively develop and refine our Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") strategies, programs, and policies. The Corporate Responsibility function works closely with our Global Sustainability Steering Committee to build ESG values and implement strategies, programs, and policies across the Company. The Global Sustainability Steering Committee is a team of senior leadership, subcommittee chairs, and subject matter experts spanning our businesses and Legal, Investor Relations, Continuous Improvement, Compliance, Facilities, and Health, Safety and Environment functions. The Corporate Responsibility team regularly updates the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors regarding its activities, including evaluating carbon emissions, preparing for regulatory requirements, reporting ESG metrics, and reviewing ESG ratings. Key performance indicators and metrics have been established for those areas we believe to be relevant and potentially significant to our business. Certain of these disclosures relate to Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") Standards for Medical Equipment & Supplies that we have identified to be closely aligned with our business. Our reporting against the SASB Standards is a voluntary disclosure aligned with our focus on financial materiality. We seek to provide investors with useful, relevant and meaningful sustainability information and have selected metrics under the SASB Standards. We describe below how we continuously monitor and track our policies and activities in the areas of ethical business practices, energy and environmental conservation, employees and human capital management, and quality. ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES Code of Business Conduct. Our Code of Business Conduct sets the standard for legal and ethical behavior, addressing topics such as bribery and corruption, supply chain transparency, proper behavior in the workplace, and avoiding conflicts of interest. and . We are committed to conducting our business fairly, honorably, with integrity and in compliance with the law in all jurisdictions where we operate. Our policy prohibits bribery and corruption in any form, and we explain our commitment in our Statement on Policies and Procedures. As an ongoing due diligence measure, we have established a program to recognize those sales and marketing intermediaries who demonstrate an elevated commitment to compliance. Through this Commercial Compliance Program, we acknowledge organizations that have not only met STERIS's standard ethical requirements for inclusion in our network but have also taken additional steps, such as adopting their own code of conduct and training their employees on their own firm's ethical values, to ensure compliant behavior. In fiscal 2026, STERIS incurred no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with bribery or corruption. 7 Table of Contents We regularly assess the risks associated with our business, including the risk of potential corruption or bribery in the environments where we do business, and we have designed our management systems to respond accordingly. As part of our program, our employees and intermediaries are subject to mandatory comprehensive and training online. The training covers the various forms that corruption can take, red flags, and individuals’ roles in our and efforts. In accordance with our policy, we engage a due diligence firm to perform background checks, including bribery and corruption, before entering into commercial relationships with sales and marketing intermediaries, and other service providers. We communicate our bribery and corruption policies and expectations to our officers, Directors, employees, and sales and marketing intermediaries. It is the expectation of the Company that all of the aforementioned individuals comply with the requirements set forth in our policy and relevant rules and regulations. Supplier Code of Conduct. Our expectations for ethical behavior extend beyond STERIS to our Suppliers as well. Our Supplier Code of Conduct defines the minimum requirements and expectations for all Suppliers and their subcontractors. Suspicions of supplier are promptly investigated and addressed. We believe in conducting business with integrity and honesty and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate. We expect our suppliers to comply with the laws of the countries in which they operate, including but not limited to the European Union Customs Code, the EU Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive, the UK Modern Slavery Act, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, the US Conflict Minerals Rules, applicable data privacy laws, and all applicable local labor and employment laws. Conflict Minerals Sourcing Policy . We file reports with the SEC disclosing our use of tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold ("conflict minerals" or "3TG") in products sold anywhere in the world. In accordance with these legal requirements and as a part of the overall commitment to responsible sourcing, we are working with our suppliers to ensure transparency to the smelter/refining source for 3TG materials used in our products. Furthermore, we seek to identify the countries of origin of the 3TG in our products and the smelter/refiners that process the 3TG in our products. We undertake this effort to promote responsible sourcing. Because of our general downstream position in the supply chain, we rely on our suppliers for information. We expect suppliers to respond to our requests for complete transparency about the sources whose 3TG materials are used in our products and to conduct due diligence measures to ensure the information provided is accurate, and complete. This Policy applies to all suppliers of products and materials to the Company and to all our affiliates. We will consider taking various progressive actions with respect to suppliers who do not make reasonable efforts to cooperate with our requests for information or requests to take corrective actions to enable us to identify smelters and refiners in our supply chains. Managing Risk, Compliance and Ethics. We have an Enterprise Risk Management process ("ERM") to manage risk, which is led by our Chief Compliance and Quality Officer. Identifying and managing key risks to our business operations are essential to our future growth, profitability, and successful execution of strategic plans. We are committed to understanding and managing these risks through a consistent approach to risk assessment, monitoring, reporting, and mitigation. Key management sponsors are responsible for participating in the risk assessment process, including a periodic review with the Board of Directors. The objective of ERM is to identify key risks, the potential impacts of control failures with compliance implications, identify key mitigating activities, develop potential improvements for managing the risks, and to ensure execution of oversight activities on a monthly, annual or as needed basis. We require all employees to be lawful and ethically responsible in all business practices. We expect all employees to comply with all Company policies, applicable laws, and the principles outlined in our Code of Business Conduct. Using the STERIS Integrity Helpline or Webline, employees can anonymously report potential Code of Conduct concerns. A management Ethics Committee meets monthly to monitor and investigate reports of Code of Business Conduct violations and provides quarterly reporting to the Board of Directors' Compliance and Technology Committee. With respect to financial matters, reports are provided to the Board of Directors' Audit Committee. With respect to human resources related matters, reports are provided to the Board of Directors' Compensation and Organization Development Committee. The STERIS Code of Business Conduct covers ethical marketing and promotion. In fiscal 2026, STERIS incurred no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims. Senior members of STERIS’s leadership team are involved in numerous industry associations that focus on setting the standards and driving change. We hold seats and actively participate on the boards of AdvaMed and the Medical Device Manufacturers Association ("MDMA"). We are also an active member of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation ("AAMI") and MedTech Europe. AdvaMed has over 600 member companies and promotes policies that foster the highest ethical standards, timely patient access to safe and effective products, and economic policies that reward value creation. The AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals ("AdvaMed Code") facilitates ethical interactions between MedTech companies and health care professionals to ensure that medical decisions are based on the best interests of the patient. STERIS has adopted and requires compliance with the AdvaMed Code. MDMA is the leading voice representing the interests of innovative and entrepreneurial medical technology companies. MDMA's goal is to provide patients and clinicians with timely access to safe and effective medical technologies that improve 8 Table of Contents the quality of life. AAMI is a nonprofit organization founded in 1967. It is a diverse community of more than 15,000 professionals united by one important the healthcare community in the development, management, and use of safe and effective healthcare technology. MedTech Europe is the European trade association for the medical technology industry including diagnostics, medical devices and digital health. MedTech Europe’s purpose is to make innovative medical technology available to more people, while helping healthcare systems move towards a more sustainable path. The MedTech Europe Code of Ethical Business Practice regulates all aspects of the industry’s relationship with Healthcare Professionals and Healthcare Organizations, to ensure that all interactions are ethical and professional at all times and to maintain the trust of regulators and patients. STERIS has adopted and requires compliance with the MedTech Europe Code of Ethical Business Practice. ENERGY, GHG EMISSIONS AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONSERVATION We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in Ireland, the United States and other countries. We have made, and continue to make, significant investments to comply with these laws and regulations. Our Continuous Improvement objectives include efforts to improve energy and water efficiency and reduce or eliminate certain chemicals used in, and wastes generated from, our operations thereby reducing the impact of our operations on the environment. We actively monitor and take steps to manage the risks associated with environmental matters, none of which we consider material at this time. STERIS tracks greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, and we complete the annual Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP") questionnaire. CDP is an internationally recognized nonprofit organization that collects and reports environmental metrics. Currently, we report our direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) energy use and emissions. We recognize that a significant portion of our carbon impact is as a result of our value chain, outside of electricity and energy consumption at our global sites. We also report aggregate Scope 3 (upstream and downstream) emissions in our most recent CDP response and on our website. STERIS has committed to set emission reductions. Our status can be viewed on the Science Based Targets Initiative ("SBTi") website. We have a broad and comprehensive portfolio of sterilization and disinfection products that support the procedural spaces within hospitals, endoscopy and surgery centers as well as pharmaceutical and medical device Customers. When we think about new products or next generation products, part of our effort is to reduce the environmental impact of what we do. At STERIS, our commitment to sustainability is integrated with our Responsible Product Design. We create solutions that prioritize human health while reducing waste and climate impact through purposeful innovation. For example, V-PRO Sterilizers and VAPROX HC Sterilant are designed with sustainability at the core, helping hospitals meet their environmental goals without compromising performance or patient safety. In Fiscal 2023, the European Commission’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD") became effective. The CSRD expands the number of companies required to publicly report information and defines the information that companies are required to report in accordance with European Sustainability Reporting Standards ("ESRS"). We are making significant efforts in gathering baseline information, strengthening our internal controls, and evaluating our current ESG data. As part of this project, we continue to evaluate our ability to report in accordance with the Task Force on Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") framework in response to evolving regulatory disclosure requirements. EMPLOYEES AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Strategy and Overview. People are the key to our success, which is reflected in our two core values of people and teamwork. We are committed to the safety and success of our people. We expect the performance of every person to continually improve with personal initiative and proper support. We expect our people to treat each other with mutual respect. Our ideal business team is engaged, diverse, inclusive and talented, and we create programs and policies in support of these goals. We believe unity of purpose and teamwork enables us to do far more together than we could individually. We draw strength from each other and encourage communication with fairness, candor, respect and courage. Our collaboration turns interesting ideas into great products and services for our Customers. Our senior management team and Board receive regular updates on our people, including data and metrics on retention, engagement and safety which are used to determine our human resources priorities, programs and training. We are committed to upholding human rights in all our operations globally and respect human rights as recognized by the principles of the United Nations Global Compact. We strongly oppose all forms of slavery, servitude, forced labor, child labor and human trafficking. Employees by Segment. Dur ing the course of fiscal 2026, we averaged approximately 18,000 employees throughout the world of which less than 12% are represented by work councils or labor unions. We believe we generally have good relations with our employees. The average number of persons employed by STERIS plc and its subsidiaries during each of the following fiscal years was as follows: 9 Table of Contents Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2025 Healthcare 12,496 12,341 AST 3,489 3,502 Life Sciences 837 834 Corporate 1,115 1,110 Total employees 17,937 17,787 We strive to recruit the best available people who are aligned with and embody our core values. We are committed to equality and assessing candidates based on qualifications. We believe that our success is dependent on attracting and retaining people from a of our communities who understand their markets, and in doing so we continue to create a competitive advantage for STERIS. As we hire Associates, we do so without regard to race, color, social or economic status, religion, national origin, marital status, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any protected status. It is the policy of the Company to make all decisions regarding employment, including hiring, compensation, training, promotions, transfers, or , based on the job requirements and skills of the individuals and utilizing the principle of equal employment opportunity without discrimination. We have biennial training on , except where required annually. Total directors and employees distribution by gender is shown in the table below: March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 Male Female Male Female Directors 6 2 6 3 Senior Managers 748 330 718 289 Other employees of the Company 11,359 5,662 11,282 5,730 Directors and United States employees by race is shown in the table below: March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 White Minority (1) White Minority (1) Directors 62% 38% 67% 33% Senior Managers 86% 14% 86% 14% Other employees of the Company 60% 40% 60% 40% (1) A minority person is defined as a person who identifies as American Indian/Alaskan Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Island, or two or more races. Health, Safety & Environment. We realize the importance of Health, Safety & Environment ("HSE") to the of our Customers, employees, community, the environment, and ultimately our shareholders. To that end, our HSE teams and management are committed to supporting HSE programs with ongoing involvement through our continuous improvement process. Our ultimate goal is to be an company. The cornerstone of this initiative is the belief that incidents result from unsafe acts or conditions, both of which are preventable. We apply OSHA recordkeeping practices worldwide. Key metrics for purposes of benchmarking performance include Total Recordable Incident Rate ("TRIR") and Incident Rate ("LTIR") injury and illness incident rates, both of which are presented in the table below: STERIS Industry Benchmarks (2) Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2025 Average Best in Class Total Recordable Incident Rate (1) 1.03 1.11 2.50 1.43 Incident Rate (1) 0.32 0.38 1.25 0.42 (1 ) We apply OSHA recordkeeping practices worldwide. All rates are based on 100 employees ("FTE") working one year. 100 FTEs equals 200,000 work hours. TRIR includes injuries or illnesses requiring medical attention beyond . LTIR includes injuries or illnesses that cause an employee to be away from work at least one full day after the date of the incident. (2) Our external benchmarks include the OSHA average and 1st Quartile injury/illness rates which are derived from 2022 Bureau of Labor Statistics data. Our annual workplace injury prevention results are within the manufacturing sector's performance as defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 10 Table of Contents We have chosen to align our environmental management system with the ISO 14001 standard, which sets out the criteria that a company or organization can follow to establish an effective environmental management system. Designed for any type of organization, regardless of its activity or sector, it can provide assurance that environmental impact is being measured, controlled and improved in a holistic manner. We currently have four facilities that are ISO 14001 accredited locations and three facilities that are 45001 accredited locations. Our HSE teams and management are committed to supporting HSE programs with ongoing involvement in aligning HSE management systems to ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 standards, internal compliance reviews, and developing HSE training content and platforms. The OSHA Voluntary Protection Program ("VPP") Star Award recognizes employers who have implemented effective safety and health management systems and maintain injury and illness rates below national Bureau of Labor Statistics averages for their industry. We currently have 14 locations that hold the OSHA VPP Star Award. We utilize internal HSE management systems and compliance audits designed to identify percent compliance of our global operations against our standards. Employee Engagement and Development. We believe that engaged employees are more productive, innovative, and satisfied in their work. Examples of how we engage our employees include quarterly video updates, a robust intranet for communication with our global teams and various communications efforts within each department. In addition, our global human resources team has programs focused on career development and training for employees at all levels. Our employee turnover rate was 13% and 16% for fiscal 2026 and 2025, r espectively, and we are continuously working towards a goal of achieving a rate of 10% or less, excluding retirements and reductions in force. Although reductions in force are sometimes necessary, we work to avoid them, and they must always be approved by executive management. We encourage all employees to participate in our regular engagement survey which is administered by a third party on a confidential basis. This process has been valuable in helping us recognize what we do well and foster an open conversation about how we can make STERIS an even better place to work. We are pleased to report that 87% of our employees completed our pulse survey in fiscal 2026. The pulse survey results are grouped around four key themes: Employee Engagement; Leadership Effectiveness; Inclusion and Belonging; and Job and Work Experience. The results indicate strong favorability in each of these areas. Moreover, this year's survey allows us to measure progress by comparing results against the baseline established in the initial pulse survey in fiscal 2025. Compensation and Benefits. Our total rewards offerings include an array of programs to support our employees' financial, physical, and mental , including providing competitive salaries, variable performance pay, healthcare benefits, tuition assistance, paid time off, annual merit increases, and incentive plans based on the national norms of employees' location of employment. Total employee compensation is presented in the table below: (in millions) Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2025 Wages and salaries $ 1,342.3 $ 1,273.4 Commission and incentive plans 251.6 210.5 Social security costs 113.3 111.0 compensation expense 61.7 57.4 Pension and benefits expense 49.8 43.6 Other, primarily employee benefits 169.6 154.6 Total employee costs $ 1,988.3 $ 1,850.5 11 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table presents certain information regarding our executive officers at March 31, 2026. All executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Name Age Position Karen L. Burton 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel A. Carestio 53 President and CEO Mary Clare Fraser 55 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Kenneth E. Kohler 63 Senior Vice President and General Manager, AST Julia K. Madsen 61 Senior Vice President and General Manager, Life Sciences Cary L. Majors 51 Senior Vice President and President, Healthcare Lindsey M. McGowan 46 Chief Compliance and Quality Officer Renato G. Tamaro 57 Vice President and Corporate Treasurer J. Adam Zangerle 59 Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Company Secretary The following discussion provides a summary of each executive officer's recent business experience through March 31, 2026: Karen L. Burton serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. She assumed this role in August 2025. From January 2017 to August 2025, Ms. Burton served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Previously, Ms. Burton also served as Controller from January 2017 until December 2023. She joined STERIS in September 2004. Daniel A. Carestio serves as President and CEO. He assumed this role in July 2021. From August 2018 to July 2021, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. From February 2018 to August 2018, he served as Senior Vice President, Sterilization and Disinfection. From August 2015 to February 2018, he served as Senior Vice President, STERIS AST and Life Sciences. He joined STERIS in September 1997. Mary Clare Fraser serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. She assumed this role in May 2022. She joined STERIS in July 2020 as the Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. From February 2003 to July 2020, she held various positions with Corporation, a global motion control technologies company, serving most recently from September 2019 to July 2020, as Vice President Human Resources of its Aerospace Group and from March 2017 to September 2019 as its Corporate Director of Human Resources. Kenneth E. Kohler serves as Senior Vice President and General Manager, AST. He assumed this role in February 2024. Previously, Mr. Kohler served from November 2015 to February 2024 as Vice President and General Manager of AST Americas. He joined STERIS in May 1988. Julia K. Madsen serves as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Life Sciences. She assumed this role in July 2020. From August 2015 to July 2020, she served as Vice President and General Manager Life Sciences, Consumables. She joined STERIS in September 1995. Cary L. Majors serves as Senior Vice President and President, Healthcare. He assumed this role in August 2022. From August 2019 to August 2022, he served as Senior Vice President, Americas Commercial Operations. From April 2014 to August 2019 he served as Vice President, North America Commercial Operations. He joined STERIS in April 2003. Lindsey M. McGowan serves as Chief Compliance and Quality Officer. She assumed this role in January 2026. From September 2023 to December 2025, she served as Vice President, Quality. From September 2019 to September 2023, she served as Vice President, AST Quality Operations. She joined STERIS in May 2006. Renato G. Tamaro serves as Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. He assumed this role in August 2017. From March 2006 to July 2017, he served as Assistant Treasurer. He joined STERIS in August 2003. J. Adam Zangerle serves as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Company Secretary. He assumed this role in July 2018. From July 2013 to July 2018, he served as Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary. He joined STERIS in November 1997. 12 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This section describes certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should consider these risk factors when evaluating the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, because our actual results and financial condition might differ materially from those projected in the statements should these risks occur. We face other risks besides those highlighted below. These other risks include additional uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, but may ultimately have a significant impact. In addition, the impacts of ongoing geopolitical conflicts may also exacerbate any of these risks, which could have a material effect on us. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Should any of these risks, described below or otherwise, actually occur, our business, financial condition, performance, prospects, value, or results of operations could be negatively affected. LEGAL, REGULATORY AND TAX RISKS Doing Business Internationally Changes in economic climate may adversely affect us. Adverse economic cycles or conditions, and Customer, regulatory or government responses to those cycles or conditions, have affected and could further affect our results of operations. The onset of these cycles or conditions may not be foreseeable and there can be no assurance when they will begin to improve after they occur. There also can be no assurance as to the strength or length of any recovery from a business downturn or recession. Credit and liquidity problems may make it difficult for some businesses to access credit markets and obtain financing and may cause some businesses to curtail spending to conserve cash in anticipation of persistent business slowdowns and liquidity needs. If our Customers have difficulty financing their purchases due to tight credit markets or related factors or because of other operational or utilization problems they may be experiencing or otherwise decide to curtail their purchases, our business could be adversely affected. Our exposure to bad debt losses could also increase if Customers are unable to pay for products previously ordered and delivered. Some of our Customers are governmental entities or other entities that rely on government healthcare systems or government funding. If government funding for healthcare becomes limited or restricted in countries in which we operate, including as a result of the impacts of a pandemic or its residual effects, our Customers may be unable to pay their obligations on a timely basis or to make payment in full and it may become necessary to increase reserves. In addition, there can be no assurance that there will not be an increase in collection difficulties. Prospectively, additional adverse effects resulting from these conditions may include decreased healthcare utilization, further pricing pressure on our products and services, and/or weaker overall demand for our products and services, particularly capital products. The effects of geopolitical instability may adversely affect us and create significant risks and uncertainties for our business, with the ultimate impact dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Geopolitical instability has negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, the global and U.S. economies, including by causing supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, volatility in capital markets and foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates, reduced consumer and Customer demand, economic slowdowns and recessions and heightened cybersecurity risks. The extent to which such geopolitical instability, including changes to trade policy, adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and capital profile, may depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and unpredictable. If geopolitical instability or evolving trade policy materially affects us, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks related to our business. The potential impacts of geopolitical instability, which may result from the actions of state and actors, include supply chain and logistics disruptions, financial impacts including volatility in foreign exchange and interest rates, increased inflationary pressure on raw materials and energy, reduced consumer and Customer demand, economic slowdowns and recessions and other risks, including an elevated risk of cybersecurity threats and the potential for new or further sanctions, tariffs or changes to international trade policy . Furthermore, the U.S. and other countries have announced and enacted changes, and planned changes, to international trade policy, including increasing tariffs on imports, and potentially renegotiating or terminating existing trade agreements. The international trade environment is highly dynamic, and such changes, and retaliatory responses thereto, continue to evolve. Tariffs, trade restrictions and other changes to international trade policies may result in increased production costs and product pricing, supply chain disruptions, limited access to end markets, lower profitability, increasing inability of consumers and Customers to pay, reduced consumer and Customer demand, economic slowdowns and recessions and uncertainty related to planning investments and strategies, and may have other competitive effects, including those exacerbated by competitors with different supply chain footprints, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the United Agreement (“USMCA”) requires a formal joint evaluation of the agreement. The first such review is expected to commence on July 1, 2026, the sixth anniversary of the agreement's entry into 13 Table of Contents force. The U.S. has solicited feedback from the trading community regarding the operation of the USMCA, and the joint review could result in changes, including, for example, the processes by which goods qualify for preferential treatment, the tariffs applicable to products or other restrictions on the movement of goods within the region under the USMCA. Changes to the USMCA could adversely affect our manufacturing operations and those of our suppliers in Canada and Mexico and impact our ability to manufacture and market products or source materials at competitive prices, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the ultimate scope, duration, or impact of current or future tariff measures, changes to existing trade agreements, such as the USMCA, or the imposition of other trade restrictions. We may also need to make material changes to our global production footprint and workforce as a result of geopolitical developments or changes to trade policy, which could require significant capital expenditures and could result in asset impairments and other charges, including restructuring charges, any of which could be material. The duration and scope of all such changes that have been and will ultimately be implemented are not known at this time, and as such, any resulting impacts on our business are uncertain. Compliance with multiple, and potentially conflicting, international laws and regulations, import and export limitations, laws, and exchange controls may be difficult, burdensome or expensive. We are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to limitations on trade with sanctioned persons or persons in sanctioned countries and exchange controls. While our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws and regulations, our internal policies and procedures may not protect us from violations of these laws, which violations could affect financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows . Healthcare Policy and Reimbursement Changes in healthcare policy or government and other payor reimbursement levels to healthcare providers, or failure to meet healthcare reimbursement or other requirements, might negatively impact our business. We sell many of our products and services to hospitals and other healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Many of these Customers are subject to or supported by government programs or receive reimbursement for services from payors, such as government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S., private insurance plans, and managed care programs. Reimbursement systems vary significantly by country. healthcare systems control reimbursement for healthcare services in many countries. Public budgetary constraints or uncertainties, which may be exacerbated by public health crises, may significantly impact the ability of hospitals, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and other Customers supported by such systems to purchase our products. Government or other payors may deny or change coverage, reduce their current levels of reimbursement for healthcare services, or otherwise implement measures to regulate pricing or contain costs. In addition, our costs may increase more rapidly than reimbursement levels or permissible pricing increases or we may not satisfy the standards or requirements for reimbursement. Various healthcare reform proposals have emerged and may in the future emerge at the federal and state level, and we are unable to predict which, if any, of those proposals will be enacted or the level of government funding of healthcare in any country in which we operate. For example, in 2025, the United States passed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”) which may reduce Medicaid funding, result in decreased Medicaid reimbursements and negatively impact Customers who purchase our products and services. Product and Service Related Regulations and Claims We are subject to extensive regulatory requirements and must receive and maintain regulatory clearance or approval for many products and operations. Failure to receive or maintain, or delays in receiving, clearance or approvals may negatively impact our revenues, profitability, financial condition, or value. Our operations are subject to extensive regulation in the countries where we do business. In the U.S., our products and services are regulated by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In many foreign countries, sales of our products and services are subject to extensive regulations that may or may not be comparable to those of the FDA. In Europe, our products are regulated primarily by country and community regulations of those countries within the European Economic Area and must conform to the requirements of those authorities. 14 Table of Contents Government regulation applies to nearly all aspects of testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storing, recordkeeping, reporting, promoting, distributing, and importing or exporting of medical devices, products, and services. In general, unless an exemption applies, a sterilization, decontamination or medical device or product or service must receive regulatory approval or clearance before it can be marketed or sold. Modifications to existing products or the marketing of new uses for existing products also may require regulatory approvals, approval supplements or clearances. If there are delays in and/or we are unable to obtain any required approvals, approval supplements or clearances for any modification to a previously cleared or approved device, we may be required to cease manufacturing and sale, or recall or restrict the use of such modified device, pay fines, or take other action until such time as appropriate clearance or approval is obtained. Any protraction or or delay in regulatory review could materially affect our ongoing device design, development, and commercialization plans. Regulatory agencies may refuse to grant approval or clearance, or review and disagree with our interpretation of approvals or clearances, or with our decision that regulatory approval is not required or has been maintained. Regulatory submissions may require the provision of additional data and may be time consuming and costly, and their outcome is uncertain. Regulatory agencies may also change policies and procedures, change or reduce staff, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of devices, or could impact our ability to market a previously cleared, approved, or unregulated device. Our failure to comply with the regulatory requirements of the FDA or other applicable regulatory requirements in the U.S. or elsewhere might subject us to administratively or judicially imposed sanctions. These sanctions include, among others, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, loss of tax benefits, injunctions, product seizure, recalls, suspensions or restrictions, , detention, and/or debarment. Our products are subject to recalls and restrictions, even after receiving U.S. or foreign regulatory clearance or approval. Ongoing medical device reporting regulations require that we report to appropriate governmental authorities in the U.S. and/or other countries when our products cause or contribute to a death or serious injury or malfunction in a way that would be reasonably likely to contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to reoccur. Governmental authorities can require product recalls or impose restrictions for product design, manufacturing, labeling, clearance, or other issues. For the same reasons, we may voluntarily elect to recall or restrict the use of a product. Any recall or restriction could divert managerial and financial resources and might harm our reputation among our Customers and other healthcare professionals who use or recommend our products and services. We may be adversely affected by product liability claims or other legal actions or regulatory or compliance matters . We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims and other legal and regulatory actions. A significant increase in the number, severity, amount, or scope of these claims and actions may, as described above with respect to recalls and restrictions, result in substantial costs and harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect product sales and our business. Product liability claims and other legal and regulatory actions may also distract management from other business responsibilities. We are also subject to a variety of other types of claims, proceedings, investigations, and litigation initiated by government agencies or third parties and other potential risks and liabilities. These include compliance matters, product regulation or safety, taxes, employee benefit plans, employment discrimination, health and safety, environmental, antitrust, customs, import/export, government contract compliance, financial controls or reporting, intellectual property, allegations of misrepresentation, false claims or false statements, commercial claims, claims regarding promotion of our products and services, or other similar or different matters. Any such claims, proceedings, investigations or litigation, regardless of the merits, might result in substantial costs, restrictions on product use or sales, or otherwise negatively impact our business. Administratively or judicially imposed or agreed sanctions might include warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, loss of tax benefits, injunctions, product seizure, recalls, suspensions or restrictions, , detention, and/or debarment. We also might be required to take actions such as payment of substantial amounts, or revision of financial statements, or to take, or be subject to, the following types of actions with respect to our products, services, or business: redesign, , restrict, or recall products; cease manufacturing and selling products; seizure of product inventory; comply with a court injunction restricting or prohibiting further marketing and sale of products or services; comply with a consent decree, which could result in further regulatory constraints; dedication of significant internal and external resources and costs to respond to and comply with legal and regulatory issues and constraints; respond to claims, litigation, and other proceedings brought by Customers, users, governmental agencies, and others; disruption of product improvements and product launches; discontinuation of certain product lines or services; or other restrictions or limitations on product sales, use or operation, or other activities or business practices. Some product replacements or substitutions may not be possible or may be prohibitively costly or time consuming. The impact of any legal, regulatory, or compliance claims, proceeding, investigation, or litigation, is difficult to predict. 15 Table of Contents We maintain product liability and other insurance with coverages believed to be adequate. However, product liability or other claims may exceed insurance coverage limits, fines, penalties and regulatory sanctions may not be covered by insurance, or insurance may not continue to be available or available on commercially reasonable terms. Additionally, our insurers might deny claim coverage for valid or other reasons or may become insolvent. Our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by difficulties in acquiring or maintaining a proprietary intellectual ownership position. To maintain our competitive position for our products, we need to obtain patent or other proprietary rights for new and improved products and to maintain and enforce our existing patents and other proprietary rights. We typically apply for patents in the U.S. and in strategic other countries. We may also acquire patents through acquisitions. We may encounter difficulties in obtaining or protecting patents. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, , and confidentiality agreements to protect the proprietary aspects of our technology. These measures afford only limited protection, and competitors may gain access to our intellectual property and proprietary information. Litigation may be necessary to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, and to determine the validity and scope of our proprietary rights. Litigation may also be brought against us claiming that we have violated the intellectual property rights of others. Litigation may be costly and may divert management’s attention from other matters. Additionally, in some foreign countries with weaker intellectual property rights, it may be difficult to maintain and enforce patents and other proprietary rights or defend against claims of infringement. Tax Risks We may be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws or challenges to our tax positions, and our effective tax rate is uncertain and may vary from expectations, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and earnings per share. We are subject to the tax laws at the federal, state or provincial, and local government levels in the many jurisdictions in which we operate or sell our products or services. Tax laws may change in ways that adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate and cash flow. These tax laws are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations, and we are subject to tax examinations in various jurisdictions that may assess additional tax liabilities against us. Our tax reporting positions may be challenged by relevant tax authorities, we may incur significant expense in our efforts to defend those challenges, and we may be unsuccessful in such efforts. Developments in examinations and challenges may materially change our provision for taxes in the affected periods and may differ materially from our historical tax accruals. Any of these risks may have a materially adverse impact on our business operations, our cash flows, our financial position or results of operations and our effective tax rate. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain any particular worldwide effective corporate tax rate. We cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates operate and uncertainty of earnings across geographies. Further, our effective tax rate may increase as a result of withholding taxes incurred in connection with cash movements to fund operations, investments, and shareholder returns. These transfers may be subject to withholding taxes, and increases in such taxes or changes in applicable tax laws could place upward pressure on our effective tax rate. Our actual effective tax rate may vary from our expectations, and such variance may be material. Additionally, tax laws or their implementation and applicable tax authority practices in any particular jurisdiction could change in the future, possibly on a retroactive basis, and any such change could have a material adverse impact on us and our affiliates. In addition, the GloBE rules, which have been or are expected to be implemented in most of the jurisdictions where we have operations, and the CAMT (both defined and discussed in more detail below) may adversely impact our effective corporate tax rate. Current economic and political conditions make tax rules in any jurisdiction subject to significant change. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”) was signed into law on July 4, 2025. Some limited guidance has been issued clarifying the application of some of the provisions in this legislation, and more guidance is expected to be issued in the near future with respect to a number of income tax provisions in the OBBBA. The law did not have a material impact on our fiscal 2026 consolidated financial statements, and we do not expect it to have a material impact on our effective tax rate in future years. However, we are unable to fully predict the overall impact that the OBBBA and additional guidance may have on our business. Furthermore, some .S. jurisdictions have raised tax rates, and it is reasonable to expect that other global taxing authorities will be reviewing current legislation for potential modifications. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the “IRA”) was signed into law. One of the provisions in the IRA added a corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), beginning for fiscal years 2023. Although we do not expect to be subject to the CAMT regime for fiscal years through 2026, we continue to monitor our status under the CAMT rules. If in the future we become subject to CAMT, and if our regular income tax 16 Table of Contents liability in the U.S. is lower than the income tax liability calculated under the CAMT provisions, we will be subject to additional income taxes in the U.S. In addition, further changes in the tax laws of other jurisdictions will likely arise, including as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS") project undertaken by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD"). The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, has issued recommendations that, in some cases, would make substantial changes to numerous tax positions and principles. Following the issuance of such recommendation, in December 2022, the European Union issued a directive to adopt Global Base Erosion laws ("GloBE" or "Pillar Two") in the EU member countries, in most cases beginning in fiscal year 2024. Most EU member countries and many member countries have already adopted local legislation based on GloBE Model Rules. Some of the countries that have not yet adopted GloBE are expected to do so in the near future. In addition, the GloBE rules have certain transition period provisions that apply to certain intercompany transactions occurring between December 1, 2021 and the effective date of the GloBE rules in a given jurisdiction. These transition period provisions may have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate, and subject us to additional income tax, in some of the jurisdictions that adopt the GloBE rules. OECD continues to issue guidance under GloBE which could result in amendments and modifications of the local GloBE rules and further uncertainty of GloBE’s impact on our income tax expense. In the most recent guidance, issued in January of 2026, OECD modified, among other things, certain rules relating to the extension of the transitional reporting safe harbor and the addition of both a permanent simplified effective tax rate safe harbor and a tax incentive safe harbor. This guidance also introduced a “ ” safe harbor pursuant to which multinational groups with an ultimate parent entity (or a "UPE") located in a qualifying jurisdiction are effectively exempt from certain GloBE taxes. At this time, only the United States is included on the list of qualifying jurisdictions allowing U.S.-parented multinational companies to avoid such GloBE taxes. While we have substantial presence in the U.S., we do not anticipate to benefit from the safe harbor at this time, because we are a multinational enterprise with a UPE organized in Ireland. As a result, the GloBE rules could subject us to additional income taxes in the jurisdictions that adopted GloBE if our effective corporate tax rate in those jurisdictions (determined under the GloBE rules) is below 15%. Accordingly, the GloBE rules could increase tax uncertainty and adversely impact our provision for income taxes. Changes in tax treaties and trade agreements could negatively impact our costs, results of operations and earnings per share. Legislative and regulatory action may be taken in the U.S. which, if ultimately adopted, could override or otherwise adversely impact tax treaties upon which we rely or broaden the circumstances under which STERIS plc would be considered a U.S. resident, each of which could materially and adversely affect our tax obligations. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative or regulatory proposals. However, if proposals are adopted that have the effect of disregarding our organization in Ireland or limiting our ability as an Irish company to take advantage of tax treaties with the U.S., we could be subject to increased taxation and/or potentially significant expense. Further, our organization under the laws of Ireland could be challenged by the IRS. Should the IRS assert that we should be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, we could be subject to substantial additional U.S. tax liability and .S. holders of our ordinary shares would be subject to U.S. withholding tax on the gross amount of any dividends we paid to such shareholders. For Irish tax purposes, we are expected, regardless of our U.S. tax resident status, to be treated as an Irish tax resident. Consequently, if we are treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, we could be liable for both U.S. and Ireland taxes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. On June 7, 2017, several countries, including many countries in which we operate and have subsidiaries, adopted the OECD’s Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the "MLI"), which generally is meant to prevent treaty abuse, improve dispute resolution, prevent the artificial avoidance of permanent establishment status and neutralize the effect of hybrid mismatch agreements. The MLI came into effect on July 1, 2018. The MLI may modify effected tax treaties making it more difficult for us to obtain advantageous benefits. The number of affected tax treaties could eventually be significant. To date, more than 100 jurisdictions have joined the BEPS MLI, out of which most jurisdictions have ratified, accepted, or approved the MLI, and it covers almost 2,000 

[truncated]