ARIKA RESOURCES LIMITED 
ACN 086 839 992 
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 
Notice is given that the Meeting will be held at: 
TIME:  10:00am (WST) 
DATE:  21 November 2025 
PLACE:  Level 14, QV1 Building  
250 St Georges Terrace  
PERTH WA 6000 
 
The business of the Meeting affects your shareholding and your vote is important. 
This Notice should be read in its entirety . If Shareholders are in doubt as to how they should vote, 
they should seek advice from their professional advisers prior to voting. 
The Directors have determined pursuant to Regulation 7.11.37 of the Corporations Regulations 2001 
(Cth) that the persons eligible to vote at the Meeting are those who are registered Shareholders at 
4:00 pm (WST) on 19 November 2025. 
 
 
3515-09/3807993_8 1 
BUSINESS OF THE MEETING  
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORTS  
To receive and consider the annual financial report of the Company for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2025 together with the declaration of the Directors, the Director’s report, 
the Remuneration Report and the auditor’s report. 
2. RESOLUTION 1 – ADOPTION OF REMUNERATION REPORT 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without amendment, the following resolution 
as a non-binding resolution:    
“That, for the purposes of section 250R(2) of the Corporations Act and for all other 
purposes, approval is given for the adoption of the Remuneration Report as 
contained in the Company’s annual financial report for the financial year ended 30 
June 2025.” 
Note: the vote on this Resolution is advisory only and does not bind the Directors or the Company.  
3. RESOLUTION 2 – ELECTION OF DIRECTOR – MR STEPHEN VALLANCE  
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without amendment, the following resolution 
as an ordinary resolution: 
“That, for the purpose of clause 15.4 of the Constitution, Listing Rule 14.4 and for all 
other purposes, Steve Vallance, a Director who was appointed as an additional 
Director on 31 July 2025, retires, and being eligible, is elected as a Director.” 
4. RESOLUTION 3 – RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTOR – MR ROGER STEINEPREIS  
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without amendment, the following resolution 
as an ordinary resolution: 
“That, for the purpose of clause 15.2 of the Constitution, and for all other purposes, 
Mr Roger Steineperis, a Director, retires by rotation, and being eligible, is re-elected 
as a Director.” 
5. RESOLUTION 4 – APPROVAL OF 7.1A MANDATE   
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a special resolution: 
“That, for the purposes of Listing Rule 7.1A and for all other purposes, approval is 
given for the Company to issue up to that number of Equity Securities equal to 10% 
of the issued capital of the Company at the time of issue, calculated in accordance 
with the formula prescribed in Listing Rule 7.1A.2 and otherwise on the terms and 
conditions set out in the Explanatory Statement.” 
6. RESOLUTION 5 – RATIFICATION OF AGREEMENT TO ISSUE CONSIDERATION SHARES  
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without amendment, the following resolution 
as an ordinary resolution: 
“That, for the purposes of Listing Rule 7.4 and for all other purposes, approval is given 
for the Company to issue 15,000,000 Shares to Iris Metals Limited (or its nominee(s)) 
on the terms and conditions set out in the Explanatory Statement.” 
Dated: 21 October 2025 
  
3515-09/3807993_8 2 
Voting Prohibition Statements 
Resolution 1 – Adoption of 
Remuneration Report 
In accordance with sections 250(BD)(2) and 250R, a  vote on this Resolution must 
not be cast: 
(a) by or on behalf of a member of the Key Management Personnel, 
details of whose remuneration are included in the Remuneration 
Report or a Closely Related Party of such a member, regardless of 
the capacity in which the vote is cast; or  
(b) as a proxy by a member of the Key Management Personnel at the 
date of the Meeting, or their Closely Related Part ies. 
However, a person (the voter ) described above may cast a vote on this 
Resolution as a proxy if the vote is not cast on behalf of a person described 
above and either: 
(a) the voter is appointed as a proxy by writing that specifies the way the 
proxy is to vote on this Resolution; or  
(b) the voter is the Chair and the appointment of the Chair as proxy:  
(i) 
does not specify the way the proxy is to vote on this 
Resolution; and 
(ii) expressly authorises the Chair to exercise the proxy even 
though this Resolution is connected directly or indirectly 
with the remuneration of a member of the Key 
Management Personnel. 
Voting Exclusion Statements 
In accordance with Listing Rule 14.11, the Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of the 
Resolution set out below by or on behalf of the following persons: 
Resolution 5 – Ratification of 
Agreement to Issue 
Consideration Shares 
Iris Metals Limited (or its nominee(s)) or any other person who participated in the 
issue, or an associate of that person (or those persons).  
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of the Resolution by: 
(a) a person as a proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, in 
accordance with the directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the Resolution in 
that way; or 
(b) the Chair as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, in 
accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the Resolution as the Chair 
decides; or 
(c) a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on behalf 
of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met:  
(i) the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary is 
not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded from 
voting, on the Resolution; and 
(ii) the holder votes on the R esolution in accordance with directions given by the 
beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
  
3515-09/3807993_8 3 
Voting by proxy 
To vote by proxy, please complete and sign the enclosed Proxy Form and return by the time and in 
accordance with the instructions set out on the Proxy Form. 
In accordance with section 249L of the Corporations Act, Shareholders are advised that: 
• each Shareholder has a right to appoint a proxy; 
• the proxy need not be a Shareholder of the Company; and 
• a Shareholder who is entitled to cast two or more votes may appoint two proxies and may 
specify the proportion or number of votes each proxy is appointed to exercise . If the 
Shareholder appoints two proxies and the appointment does not specify the proportion or 
number of the member’s votes, then in accordance with section 249X(3) of the 
Corporations Act, each proxy may exercise one-half of the votes. 
Shareholders and their proxies should be aware that: 
• if proxy holders vote, they must cast all directed proxies as directed; and 
• any directed proxies which are not voted will automatically default to the Chair, who must 
vote the proxies as directed. 
Voting in person 
To vote in person, attend the Meeting at the time, date and place set out above.  
You may still attend the M eeting and vote in person even if you have appointed a proxy . If you 
have previously submitted a Proxy Form, your attendance will not revoke your proxy appointment 
unless you actually vote at the Meeting for which the proxy is proposed to be used, in which case, 
the proxy’s appointment is deemed to be revoked with respect to voting on that Resolution.  
Please bring your personalised Proxy Form with you as it will help you to register your attendance at 
the Meeting. If you do not bring your Proxy Form with you, you can still attend the M eeting but 
representatives from MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited will need to verify your identity. You can 
register from 8:00am (WST) on the day of the Meeting. 
Should you wish to discuss the matters in this Notice please do not hesitate to contact the Company 
Secretary on +61 8 6500 0202. 
 
3515-09/3807993_8 4 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT  
This Explanatory Statement has been prepared to provide information which the Directors believe 
to be material to Shareholders in deciding whether or not to pass the Resolutions. 
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORTS  
In accordance with the Corporations Act, the business of the Meeting will include receipt 
and consideration of the annual financial report of the Company for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2025 together with the declaration of the Directors, the Directors’ report, 
the Remuneration Report and the auditor’s report. 
The Company will not provide a hard copy of the Company’s annual financial report to 
Shareholders unless specifically requested to do so. The Company’s annual financial report 
is available on its website at www.arika.com.au.  
2. RESOLUTION 1 – ADOPTION OF REMUNERATION REPORT 
2.1 General 
The Corporations Act requires that at  a listed company’s annual g eneral meeting, a 
resolution that the r emuneration report to be adopted must be put to the shareholders . 
However, such a resolution is advisory only and does not bind the company or the directors 
of the company.  
The remuneration report sets out the company’s remuneration arrangements for the 
directors and senior management of the company. The remuneration report is part of the 
directors’ report contained in the annual financial report of the c ompany for a financial 
year. 
The chair of the meeting must allow a reasonable opportunity for its shareholders to ask 
questions about or make comments on the remuneration report at the annual general 
meeting. 
2.2 Voting consequences 
A company is required to put to its shareholders a resolution proposing the calling of 
another meeting of shareholders to consider the appointment of directors of the company 
(Spill Resolution) if, at consecutive annual general meetings, at least 25% of the votes cast 
on a remuneration report resolution are voted against adoption of the remuneration report 
and at the first of those annual general meetings a Spill Resolution was not put to vote. If 
required, the Spill Resolution must be put to vote at the second of those annual general 
meetings. 
If more than 50% of votes cast are in favour of the Spill Resolution, the company must 
convene a shareholder meeting ( Spill Meeting ) within 90 days of the second annual 
general meeting. 
All of the directors of the company who were in office when the directors' report (as 
included in the company’s annual financial report for the most recent financial year) was 
approved, other than the managing director of the company, will cease to hold of fice 
immediately before the end of the Spill Meeting but may stand for re-election at the Spill 
Meeting. 
Following the Spill Meeting those persons whose election or re-election as directors of the 
company is approved will be the directors of the company. 
2.3 Previous voting results 
At the Company’s previous annual general meeting the votes cast against the 
remuneration report considered at that annual general meeting were less than 25%. 
Accordingly, the Spill Resolution is not relevant for this Meeting. 
3515-09/3807993_8 5 
3. RESOLUTION 2 – ELECTION OF DIRECTOR – MR STEPHEN VALLANCE 
3.1 General 
The Constitution allows the Directors to appoint at any time a person to be a Director either 
to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Directors, but only where the total 
number of Directors does not at any time exceed the maximum number specified by the 
Constitution. 
Pursuant to the Constitution and Listing Rule 14.4, any Director so appointed holds office 
only until the next annual general meeting and is then eligible for election by Shareholders 
but shall not be taken into account in determining the Directors who are to retire by 
rotation (if any) at that meeting. 
Mr Stephen Vallance, having been appointed by other Directors on 31 July 2025 in 
accordance with the Constitution, will retire in accordance with the Constitution and 
Listing Rule 14.4 and being eligible, seeks election from Shareholders. 
Further information in relation to Mr Vallance is set out below. 
Qualifications, 
experience and other 
material directorships 
Mr Vallance has over 35 years’ experience in exploration and 
mining, spanning greenfields exploration through to production 
assets across a broad range of commodities. 
Most notably, he served as Chief Exploration Geologist for 
Jubilee Mines, where he co-led the team that discovered and 
delineated several major nickel deposits at the Cosmos Nickel 
Operations in Western Australia, including the Cosmos, Tapinos, 
Prospero and Sinclair nickel sulphide deposits. These deposits 
ultimately led to Xstrata Nickel’s $3.3 billion acquisition of 
Jubilee Mines in 2007. 
In recent years, Mr Vallance has provided technical 
consultancy services to a number of exploration companies, 
including Arika, where he has played an integral role in shaping 
and refining the Company’s exploration approach to its key 
WA gold projects over the past 8 months. 
Term of office Mr Vallance has served as a Director since 31 July 2025. 
Independence If re-elected, the Board does not consider that Mr Vallance will 
be an independent Director. 
Other material 
information 
The Company conducts appropriate checks on the 
background and experience of candidates before their 
appointment to the Board. These include checks as to a 
person’s experience, educational qualifications, character, 
criminal record and bankruptcy history. T he Company 
undertook such checks prior to the appointment of Mr 
Vallance.  
Board 
recommendation 
Having received an acknowledgement from Mr Vallance that 
they will have sufficient time to fulfil his  responsibilities as a 
Director and having reviewed the performance of Mr Vallance 
since his appointment to the Board and the skills, knowledge, 
experience and capabilit i
es required by the Board, the 
Directors (other than Mr Vallance ) recommend that 
Shareholders vote in favour of this Resolution. 
3.2 Technical information required by Listing Rule 14.1A 
If this Resolution is passed, Mr Vallance will be elected to the Board as Technical Director.  
If this Resolution is not passed, Mr Vallance will not continue in his role as Technical Director. 
The Company may seek nominations or otherwise identify suitably qualified candidates to 
join the Company. As an additional consequence, this may detract from the Board and 
Company’s ability to execute on its strategic vision. 
3515-09/3807993_8 6 
4. RESOLUTION 3 – RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTOR – MR ROGER STEINEPREIS  
4.1 General 
The Constitution sets out the requirements for determining which Directors are to retire by 
rotation at an annual general meeting. 
Mr Roger Steinepreis, who has held office without re-election since 24 November 2023, and 
being eligible retires by rotation and seeks re-election. 
Further information in relation to Mr Steinepreis is set out below. 
Qualifications, 
experience and 
other material 
directorships 
Mr Steinepreis is a lawyer and Executive Chairman of Perth based 
Steinepreis Paganin. He has practised as a lawyer for over 35 
years, acting as legal advisor to a number of public companies, 
particularly in the energy and resources sector, on a wide range 
of corporate matters. Mr Steinepreis was Non -Executive 
Chairman of Apollo Consolidated Limited which was subject to a 
successful takeover by Ramelius Resources Limited in 2021. He is 
currently a Director of Meeka Metals Limited and Enegex Ltd. 
Mr Steinepreis is currently a Director of Meeka Metals Limited 
(ASX:MEK) (since 6 November 2012) and Enegex Ltd (ASX:ENX) 
(since 9 May 2023), and was previously a Director of ClearVue 
Technologies Limited (ASX:CPV and OTC:CVUEF). 
Term of office Mr Steinepreis has served as a Director since 6 February 2023 and 
was last re-elected on 24 November 2023. 
Independence If re-elected, the Board does not consider that Mr Steinepreis will 
be an independent Director. 
Board 
recommendation 
Having received an acknowledgement from Mr Steinepreis that 
they will have sufficient time to fulfil their responsibilities as a 
Director and having reviewed the performance Mr Steinepreis 
since his appointment to the Board and the skills, knowledge, 
experience and capabilities required by the Board, the Directors 
(other than Mr Steinepreis) recommend that Shareholders vote in 
favour of this Resolution. 
4.2 Technical information required by Listing Rule 14.1A 
If this Resolution is passed, Mr Steinepreis will be re-elected to the Board as Non-executive 
Director.  
If this Resolution is not passed, Mr Steinepreis will not continue in his role as Non-executive 
Chairman. The Company may seek nominations or otherwise identify suitably qualified 
candidates to join the Company. As an additional consequence, this may detract from 
the Board and Company’s ability to execute on its strategic vision. 
5. RESOLUTION 4 – APPROVAL OF 7.1A MANDATE  
5.1 General 
This Resolution seeks Shareholder approval by way of special resolution for the Company 
to have the additional 10% placement capacity provided for in Listing Rule 7.1A to issue 
Equity Securities without Shareholder approval. 
5.2 Listing Rule 7.1 
Broadly speaking, and subject to a number of exceptions, Listing Rule 7.1 limits the amount 
of equity securities that a listed company can issue without the approval of its shareholders 
over any 12 month period to 15% of the fully paid ordinary shares it had on issue at the start 
of that period. 
Under Listing Rule 7.1A , an Eligible Entity may seek shareholder approval by way of a 
special resolution passed at its annual general meeting to increase this 15% limit by an 
extra 10% to 25% (7.1A Mandate). An Eligible Entity means an entity which is not included 
3515-09/3807993_8 7 
in the S&P/ASX 300 Index and has a market capitalisation of $300,000,000 or less. As of the 
date of this Notice, the Company’s market capitalisation is $30.33 million. The Company is 
therefore an Eligible Entity. 
5.3 Technical information required by Listing Rule 14.1A 
For this Resolution to be passed, at least 75% of votes cast by Shareholders present and 
eligible to vote at the Meeting must be cast in favour of the Resolution. 
If this Resolution is passed, the Company will be able to issue Equity Securities up to the 
combined 25% limit in Listing Rules 7.1 and 7.1A without any further Shareholder approval. 
If this Resolution is not passed, the Company will not be able to access the additional 10% 
capacity to issue Equity Securities without Shareholder approval under Listing Rule 7.1A 
and will remain subject to the 15% limit on issuing Equity Securities without Shareholder 
approval set out in Listing Rule 7.1. 
5.4 Technical information required by Listing Rule 7.3A 
REQUIRED 
INFORMATION 
DETAILS 
Period for which the 
7.1A Mandate is 
valid  
The 7.1A Mandate will commence on the date of the Meeting 
and expire on the first to occur of the following:  
(a) 
the date that is 12 months after the date of this 
Meeting;  
(b) the time and date of the Company’s next annual 
general meeting; and 
(c) the time and date of approval by Shareholders of any 
transaction under Listing Rule 11.1.2 (a significant 
change in the nature or scale of activities) or Listing Rule 
11.2 (disposal of the main undertaking).  
Minimum price Any Equity Securities issued under the 7.1A Mandate must be in 
an existing quoted class of Equity Securities and be issued for 
cash consideration at a minimum price of 75% of the volume 
weighted average price of Equity Securities in that class, 
calculated over the 15 trading days on which trades in that class 
were recorded immediately before: 
(a) the date on which the price at which the Equity 
Securities are to be issued is agreed by the entity and 
the recipient of the Equity Securities; or 
(b) if the Equity Securities are not issued within 10 trading 
days of the date in paragraph (a) above, the date on 
which the Equity Securities are issued. 
Use of funds The Company intends to use funds raised from issues of Equity 
Securities under the 7.1A Manda te for exploration, drilling and 
development of the Kookynie Gold Project, the Yundamindra 
Gold Project and the overall development of the Company’s 
current business, the acquisition of new assets and investments 
(including associated expenses with such acquisiti
ons) and 
general working capital. 
Risk of economic 
and voting dilution 
Any issue of Equity Securities under the 7.1A Mandate will dilute 
the interests of Shareholders who do not receive any Shares 
under the issue. 
If this Resolution is approved by Shareholders and the Company 
issues the maximum number of Equity Securities available under 
the 7.1A Mandate, the economic and voting dilution of existing 
Shares would be as shown in the table below.  
3515-09/3807993_8 8 
REQUIRED 
INFORMATION 
DETAILS 
The table below shows the dilution of existing Shareholders 
calculated in accordance with the formula outlined in Listing 
Rule 7.1A.2, on the basis of the closing market price of Shares and 
the number of Equity Securities on issue or proposed to be issued 
as at 13 October 2025. 
The table also shows the voting dilution impact where the 
number of Shares on issue (Variable A in the formula) changes 
and the economic dilution where there are changes in the issue 
price of Shares issued under the 7.1A Mandate. 
 DILUTION 
Number of Shares on 
Issue (Variable A in 
Listing Rule 7.1A.2) 
Shares 
issued – 
10% voting 
dilution 
Issue Price 
$0.018 $0.035 $0.053 
50% 
decrease 
Issue  
Price 
50%  
increase 
Funds Raised 
Current 866,797,246 
Shares 
86,679,724 
Shares 
$1,560,235 $3,033,790 $4,594,025 
50% 
increase 
1,300,195,869 
Shares 
130,019,586 
Shares 
$2,340,352 $4,550,685 $6,891,038 
100% 
increase 
1,733,594,492 
Shares 
173,359,449 
Shares 
$3,120,470 $6,067,580 $9,188,050 
*The number of Shares on issue (Variable A in the formula) could increase as 
a result of the issue of Shares that do not require Shareholder approval (such 
as under a pro-rata rights issue or scrip issued under a takeover offer) or that 
are issued with Shareholder approval under Listing Rule 7.1.  
The table above uses the following assumptions:  
1. There are currently 866,797,246 Shares on issue comprising  as at the 
date of this Notice; 
2. The issue price set out above is the closing market price of the Shares 
on the ASX on 13 October 2025 (being $0.035) (Issue Price). The Issue 
Price at a 50% increase and 50% decrease are each rounded to three 
decimal places prior to the calculation of the funds raised.  
3. The Company issues the maximum possible number of Equity Securities 
under the 7.1A Mandate.  
4. The Company has not issued any Equity Securities in the 12 months prior 
to the Meeting that were not issued under an exception in Listing Rule 
7.2 or with approval under Listing Rule 7.1.  
5. The issue of Equity Securities under the 7.1A Mandate  consists only of 
Shares. It is assumed that no Options are exercised into Shares before 
the date of issue of the Equity Securities. If the issue of Equity Securities 
includes quoted Options, it is assumed that those quoted Options are 
exercised into Shares for the purpose of calcu lating the voting dilution 
effect on existing Shareholders.  
6. The calculations above do not show the dilution that any one particular 
Shareholder will be subject to. All Shareholders should consider the 
dilution caused to their own shareholding depending on their specific 
circumstances. 
7. This table does not set out any dilution pursuant to approvals under 
Listing Rule 7.1 unless otherwise disclosed.  
8. The 10% voting dilution reflects the aggregate percentage dilution 
against the issued share capital at the time of issue. This is why the voting 
dilution is shown in each example as 10%.  
9. The table does not show an example of dilution that may be caused to 
a particular Shareholder by reason of placements under the 7.1A 
Mandate, based on that Shareholder’s holding at the date of the 
Meeting. 
3515-09/3807993_8 9 
REQUIRED 
INFORMATION 
DETAILS 
Shareholders should note that there is a risk that: 
(a) the market price for the Company’s Shares may be 
significantly lower on the issue date than on the date of 
the Meeting; and 
(b) the Shares may be issued at a price that is at a discount 
to the market price for those Shares on the date of issue. 
Allocation policy 
under 7.1A Mandate 
The recipients of the Equity Securities to be issued under the 7.1A 
Mandate have not yet been determined . 
However, the 
recipients of Equity Securities could consist of current 
Shareholders or new investors (or both), none of whom will be 
related parties of the Company.  
The Company will determine the recipients at the time of the 
issue under the 7.1A Mandate, having regard to the following 
factors: 
(a) the purpose of the issue; 
(b) alternative methods for raising funds available to the 
Company at that time, including, but not limited to, an 
entitlement issue, share purchase plan, placement or 
other offer where existing Shareholders may 
participate; 
(c) the effect of the issue of the Equity Securities on the 
control of the Company;  
(d) the circumstances of the Company, including, but not 
limited to, the financial position and solvency of the 
Company;  
(e) prevailing market conditions; and 
(f) advice from corporate, financial and broking advisers 
(if applicable). 
Previous approval 
under Listing Rule 
7.1A.2 
The Company previously obtained approval from its 
Shareholders pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A at its annual general 
meeting held on 13 November 2025 (Previous Approval). 
During the 12-month period preceding the date of the Meeting, 
being on and from 21 November 2024, the Company issue d 
52,060,661 
Shares pursuant to the Previous Approval 
(Previous Issue), which represent approximately 8.64% of the 
total diluted number of Equity Securities on issue in the Company 
on 21 November 2024, which was 602,577,458. 
Further details of the issues of Equity Securities by the Company 
pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A.2 during the 12 month period 
preceding the date of the Meeting are set out below. 
The following information is provided in accordance with Listing 
Rule 7.3A.6(b) in respect of the Previous Issue: 
Date of Issue 
and Appendix 
2A 
Date of Issue: 9 May 2025 
Date of Appendix 2A: 9 May 2025 
Number and 
Class of Equity 
Securities Issued 
52,060,661 Shares2 
Issue Price and 
discount to 
$0.023 per Share (at a discount 28.13% to Market 
Price).  
3515-09/3807993_8 10 
REQUIRED 
INFORMATION 
DETAILS 
Market Price1 (if 
any) 
Recipients Professional and sophisticated investors as part of 
a placement announced on 2 May 2025 
(Placement). The Placement participants were 
identified through a bookbuild process, which 
involved Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited 
(ACN 075 071 466) and Bell Potter Securities Pty 
Ltd (ABN 25 006 390 772), acting as joint lead 
managers to the Placement, seeking expressions 
of interest to participate in the P lacement from 
non-related parties of the Company.  
None of the participants in the P lacement were 
material investors that are required to be 
disclosed under ASX Guidance Note 21 . 
Total Cash 
Consideration 
and Use of 
Funds 
Amount raised: approximately $1,197,395 
Amount spent: approximately $1,197,395 
Use of funds : exploration activities at the 
Company’s flagship Yundamindra and Kookynie 
Gold Projects in Western Australia, and for general 
working capital purposes.  
Amount remaining: Nil 
Proposed use of remaining funds:  not applicable 
Notes: 
1. Market Price means the closing price of Shares on ASX (excluding 
special crossings, overnight sales and exchange traded option 
exercises). For the purposes of this table the discount is calculated on 
the Market Price on the last trading day on which a sale  was recorded 
prior to the date of issue of the relevant Equity Securities.  
2. Fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Company, ASX Code: ARI 
(terms are set out in the Constitution).  
3. This is a statement of current intentions as at the date of this Notice . As 
with any budget, intervening events and new circumstances have the 
potential to affect the manner in which the funds are ultimately 
applied. The Board reserves the right to alter the way the funds are 
applied on this basis. 
Voting exclusion 
statement 
As at the date of this Notice, the Company is not proposing to 
make an issue of Equity Securities under Listing Rule 7.1A. 
Accordingly, a voting exclusion statement is not included in this 
Notice. 
6. RESOLUTION 5 – RATIFICATION OF AGREEMENT TO ISSUE CONSIDERATION SHARES 
6.1 Background  
As announced on 28 August 2025, the Company  entered into a binding term sheet  
(Acquisition Agreement) with Iris Metals Limited ( Iris) to acquire a portfolio of gold 
exploration tenements at Kookynie (Tenements), in the Leonora district of Western Australia 
(Acquisition). 
Under the Acquisition Agreement, the Company has agreed to: 
(a) pay Iris up to $35,000 for the reimbursement costs incurred by Iris  for the 
Tenements since April 2025; 
(b) pay Iris a non-refundable fee of $100,000 at signing; 
(c) pay Iris $300,000 in cash; 
(d) issue an aggregate of 15,000,000 Shares to Iris Metals Limited (or its nominee(s)) 
(Consideration Shares), comprising: 
3515-09/3807993_8 11 
(i) 5,000,000 Shares subject to voluntary escrow for 3 months from the date 
of issue; 
(ii) 5,000,000 Shares subject to voluntary escrow for 6 months from the date 
of issue; and 
(iii) 5,000,000 Shares subject to voluntary escrow for 9 months from the date 
of issue; and 
(e) pay the Vendor $100,000 in cash on or before the date which is twelve months 
after completion occurs under the Acquisition Agreement (Completion), subject 
to Completion occurring. 
The Acquisition Agreement is subject to standard conditions precedent. 
Refer to the Company’s ASX Announcement released on 28 August 2025 for further details. 
This Resolution seeks Shareholder approval for the purposes of Listing Rule 7. 4 for the 
agreement to issue the Consideration Shares to Iris Metals Limited (or its nominee(s)). 
6.2 Listing Rule 7.1 
A summary of Listing Rule 7.1 is set out in Section 5.1 above. 
The agreement to issue the Consideration Shares does not fit within any of the exceptions 
set out in Listing Rule 7.2 and, as it has not yet been approved by Shareholders, it effectively 
uses up part of the 15% limit in Listing Rule 7.1, reducing the Company’s capacity to issue 
further equity securities without Shareholder approval under Listing Rule 7.1 for the 12 
month period following the date of the agreement to issue the Consideration Shares. 
6.3 Listing Rule 7.4 
Listing Rule 7.4 allows the shareholders of a listed company to approve an issue of equity 
securities after it has been made or agreed to be made. If they do, the issue is taken to 
have been approved under Listing Rule 7.1 and so does not reduce the company’s 
capacity to issue further equity securities without shareholder approval under that rule. 
The Company wishes to retain as much flexibility as possible to issue additional equity 
securities in the future without having to obtain Shareholder approval for such issues under 
Listing Rule 7.1. Accordingly, the Company is seeking Shareholder ratification pursuant to 
Listing Rule 7.4 for the agreement to issue the Consideration Shares. 
6.4 Technical information required by Listing Rule 14.1A 
If this Resolution is passed, the agreement to issue the Consideration Shares will be 
excluded in calculating the Company’s 15% limit in Listing Rule 7.1 , effectively increasing 
the number of equity securities the Company can issue without Shareholder approval over 
the 12 month period following the date of the agreement to issue the Consideration 
Shares. 
If this Resolution is not passed, the agreement to issue the Consideration Shares will be 
included in calculating the Company’s 15% limit in Listing Rule 7.1, effectively decreasing 
the number of equity securities that the Company can issue without Shareholder approval 
over the 12 month period following the date of the agreement to issue the Consideration 
Shares. 
6.5 Technical information required by Listing Rules 7.4 and 7.5. 
REQUIRED INFORMATION DETAILS 
Names of persons to 
whom Securities will be 
issued or the basis on 
which those persons 
were or will be 
identified/selected 
Iris Metals Limited (or its nominee(s)).  
Number of Securities and 
class to be issued 
An aggregate of 15,000,000 Shares will be issued. 
3515-09/3807993_8 12 
REQUIRED INFORMATION DETAILS 
Terms of Securities The Consideration Shares will be fully paid ordinary shares in 
the capital of the Company issued on the same terms and 
conditions as the Company’s existing Shares. 
Date(s) on or by which 
the Securities will be 
issued 
The Consideration Shares will be issued on Completion of 
the Acquisition Agreement. Completion is expected to 
occur after the Meeting, however, it may occur prior to the 
Meeting. 
In any event, the Company will not issue any Consideration 
Shares later than three months after the date of the Meeting 
(or such later date to the extent permitted by any ASX 
waiver or modification of the Listing Rules). 
Price or other 
consideration the 
Company will receive for 
the Securities 
The Consideration Shares will be issued at a nil issue price as 
consideration under the Acquisition Agreement. The 
Company had not and will not receive any other 
consideration for the issue of the Consideration Shares.  
Purpose of the issue, 
including the intended 
use of any funds raised 
by the issue 
The purpose of the issue of the Consideration Shares is to 
satisfy the Company’s obligations under the Acquisition 
Agreement. 
Summary of material 
terms of agreement to 
issue 
The Securities are being issued under the Acquisition 
Agreement. a summary of the material terms of which is set 
out in Section 6.1 
Voting exclusion 
statement 
A voting exclusion statement applies to this Resolution. 
Compliance The agreement to issue the Consideration Shares did not 
breach Listing Rule 7.1. 
3515-09/3807993_8 13
GLOSSARY  
$ means Australian dollars. 
7.1A Mandate has the meaning given in Section 5.2. 
ASIC means the Australian Securities & Investments Commission. 
ASX means ASX Limited (ACN 008 624 691) or the financial market operated by ASX Limited, as the 
context requires. 
Board means the current board of directors of the Company. 
Business Day  means Monday to Friday inclusive, except New Year’s Day, Good Friday, Easter 
Monday, Christmas Day, Boxing Day, and any other day that ASX declares is not a business day. 
Chair means the chair of the Meeting. 
Closely Related Party of a member of the Key Management Personnel means: 
(a) a spouse or child of the member;
(b) a child of the member’s spouse;
(c) a dependent of the member or the member’s spouse;
(d) anyone else who is one of the member’s family and may be expected to influence th e
m
ember, or be influenced by the member, in the member’s dealing with the entity;
(e) a company the member controls; or
(f) a person prescribed by the Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth)  for the purposes of the
definition of ‘closely related party’ in the Corporations Act.
Company means Arika Resources Limited (ACN 086 839 992). 
Constitution means the Company’s constitution. 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Directors means the current directors of the Company. 
Eligible Entity means an entity which is not included in the S&P/ASX 300 Index and has a market 
capitalisation of $300,000,000 or less. 
Equity Securities includes a Share, a right to a Share or Option, an Option, a convertible security and 
any security that ASX decides to classify as an Equity Security. 
Explanatory Statement means the explanatory statement accompanying the Notice. 
Iris Metals Limited or Iris means Iris Metals Limited (ACN 619 387 085) (ASX:IR1). 
Key Management Personnel has the same meaning as in the accounting standards issued by the 
Australian Accounting Standards Board and means those persons having authority and responsibility 
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company, or if the Company is part of a 
consolidated entity, of the consolidated entity, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether 
executive or otherwise) of the Company, or if the Company is part of a consolidated entity, of an 
entity within the consolidated group. 
Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of ASX. 
Meeting means the annual general meeting convened by the Notice. 
Notice means this notice of meeting including the Explanatory Statement and the Proxy Form. 
Option means an option to acquire a Share. 
Performance Right  means a right to acquire a Share subject to satisfaction of performance 
milestones. 
Proxy Form means the proxy form accompanying the Notice. 
Remuneration Report means the remuneration report set out in the Director’s report section of the 
Company’s annual financial report for the year ended 30 June 2025. 
Resolutions means the resolutions set out in the Notice, or any one of them, as the context requires. 
Section means a section of the Explanatory Statement. 
Security means a Share, Option or Performance Right (as applicable). 
Share means a fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company. 
Shareholder means a registered holder of a Share. 
Variable A means “A” as set out in the formula in Listing Rule 7.1A.2. 
WST means Western Standard Time as observed in Perth, Western Australia. 
ARI PRX2501C
*ARI PRX2501C*
I/We being a member(s) of Arika Resources Limited and entitled to participate in and vote hereby appoint:
PROXY FORM
STEP 1
or failing the person or body corporate named, or if no person or body corporate is named, the Chairman of the Meeting, as my/our proxy to act 
on my/our behalf (including to vote in accordance with the following directions or, if no directions have been given and to the extent permitted by 
the law, as the proxy sees fit) at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held at 10:00am (WST), Friday, 21 November 2025 at Level 
14, QV1 Building, 250 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000 (the Meeting) and at any postponement or adjournment of the Meeting.
Important for Resolution 1:  If the Chairman of the Meeting is your proxy, either by appointment or by default, and you have not indicated 
your voting intention below, you expressly authorise the Chairman of the Meeting to exercise the proxy in respect of Resolution 1 even though 
the Resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the remuneration of a member of the Company’s Key Management Personnel ( KMP).
The Chairman of the Meeting intends to vote undirected proxies in favour of each item of business.
the Chairman of the 
Meeting (mark box)
OR if you are NOT appointing the Chairman of the Meeting 
as your proxy, please write the name of the person or 
body corporate you are appointing as your proxy
APPOINT A PROXY
STEP 3This form should be signed by the shareholder. If a joint holding, either shareholder may sign. If signed by the shareholder’s attorney, the 
power of attorney must have been previously noted by the registry or a certified copy attached to this form. If executed by a company, the 
form must be executed in accordance with the company’s constitution and the Corporations Act 2001  (Cth).
Shareholder 1 (Individual) Joint Shareholder 2 (Individual) Joint Shareholder 3 (Individual)
Sole Director and Sole Company Secretary Director/Company Secretary (Delete one) Director
SIGNATURE OF SHAREHOLDERS – THIS MUST BE COMPLETED
LODGE YOUR VOTE
 ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
 BY MAIL
Arika Resources Limited
C/- MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235 Australia
 
BY FAX
+61 2 9287 0309
 BY HAND
MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited 
Parramatta Square, Level 22, Tower 6,  
10 Darcy Street, Parramatta NSW 2150
 ALL ENQUIRIES TO 
Telephone: 1300 554 474 Overseas: +61 1300 554 474
STEP 2
Proxies will only be valid and accepted by the Company if they are signed and received no later than 48 hours before the Meeting.
Please read the voting instructions overleaf before marking any boxes with an T
*  If you mark the Abstain box for a particular Item, you are directing your proxy not to vote on your behalf on a show of hands or on a poll and your 
votes will not be counted in computing the required majority on a poll.
1 Adoption Of Remuneration Report 5 Ratification of agreement to issue 
consideration shares 
2 Election Of Director –  
Mr Stephen Vallance
3 Re-Election of Director –  
Mr Roger Steinepreis
4 Approval Of 7.1A Mandate  
Resolutions
VOTING DIRECTIONS
For ForAgainst AgainstAbstain* Abstain*
*X99999999999*
X99999999999
Arika Resources Limited 
ACN 086 839 992
SAMPLE
HOW TO COMPLETE THIS SHAREHOLDER PROXY FORM
YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS
This is your name and address as it appears on the Company’s share 
register. If this information is incorrect, please make the correction on 
the form. Shareholders sponsored by a broker should advise their broker 
of any changes. Please note: you cannot change ownership of your 
shares using this form.
APPOINTMENT OF PROXY
If you wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as your proxy, mark 
the box in Step 1. If you wish to appoint someone other than the Chairman 
of the Meeting as your proxy, please write the name of that individual or 
body corporate in Step 1. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the 
Company.
DEFAULT TO CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING
Any directed proxies that are not voted on a poll at the Meeting will default 
to the Chairman of the Meeting, who is required to vote those proxies as 
directed. Any undirected proxies that default to the Chairman of the 
Meeting will be voted according to the instructions set out in this Proxy 
Form, including where the Resolution is connected directly or indirectly 
with the remuneration of KMP.
VOTES ON ITEMS OF BUSINESS – PROXY APPOINTMENT
You may direct your proxy how to vote by placing a mark in one of the 
boxes opposite each item of business. All your shares will be voted in 
accordance with such a direction unless you indicate only a portion of 
voting rights are to be voted on any item by inserting the percentage or 
number of shares you wish to vote in the appropriate box or boxes. If you 
do not mark any of the boxes on the items of business, your proxy may 
vote as they choose. If you mark more than one box on an item your vote 
on that item will be invalid.
APPOINTMENT OF A SECOND PROXY
You are entitled to appoint up to two persons as proxies to participate in 
the Meeting and vote on a poll. If you wish to appoint a second proxy, an 
additional Proxy Form may be obtained by telephoning the Company’s 
share registry or you may copy this form and return them both together.
To appoint a second proxy you must:
(a) on each of the first Proxy Form and the second Proxy Form state the 
percentage of your voting rights or number of shares applicable to that 
form. If the appointments do not specify the percentage or number of 
votes that each proxy may exercise, each proxy may exercise half your 
votes. Fractions of votes will be disregarded; and
(b) return both forms together.
SIGNING INSTRUCTIONS
You must sign this form as follows in the spaces provided:
Individual:  where the holding is in one name, the holder must sign.
Joint Holding:  where the holding is in more than one name, either 
shareholder may sign.
Power of Attorney: to sign under Power of Attorney, you must lodge the 
Power of Attorney with the registry. If you have not previously lodged this 
document for notation, please attach a certified photocopy of the Power 
of Attorney to this form when you return it.
Companies:  where the company has a Sole Director who is also the Sole 
Company Secretary, this form must be signed by that person. If the 
company (pursuant to section 204A of the Corporations Act 2001 ) does 
not have a Company Secretary, a Sole Director can also sign alone. 
Otherwise this form must be signed by a Director jointly with either another 
Director or a Company Secretary. Please indicate the office held by signing 
in the appropriate place.
CORPORATE REPRESENTATIVES
If a representative of the corporation is to attend the Meeting the 
appropriate “Certificate of Appointment of Corporate Representative” 
must be received at support@cm.mpms.mufg.com prior to admission 
in accordance with the Notice of Annual General Meeting. A form of 
the certificate may be obtained from the Company’s share registry 
or online at www.mpms.mufg.com/en/mufg-corporate-markets.
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO PARTICIPATE IN AND VOTE AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, PLEASE BRING THIS FORM WITH YOU. 
THIS WILL ASSIST IN REGISTERING YOUR ATTENDANCE
LODGEMENT OF A PROXY FORM
This Proxy Form (and any Power of Attorney under which it is signed) 
must be received at an address given below by 10:00am (WST), 
Wednesday, 19 November 2025, being not later than 48 hours before 
the commencement of the Meeting. Any Proxy Form received after 
that time will not be valid for the scheduled Meeting. 
Proxy Forms may be lodged using the reply paid envelope or:
 ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
Login to the Investor Centre using the holding details as shown 
on the Voting/Proxy Form. Select ‘Voting’ and follow the 
prompts to lodge your vote. To use the online lodgement facility, 
shareholders will need their “Holder Identifier” - Securityholder 
Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN).
BY MOBILE DEVICE
Our voting website is designed specifically 
for voting online. You can now lodge your 
vote by scanning the QR code adjacent or 
enter the voting link 
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com 
into your mobile device. Log in using the 
Holder Identifier and postcode for your 
shareholding.
QR Code
To scan the code you will need a QR code reader application 
which can be downloaded for free on your mobile device.
 BY MAIL
Arika Resources Limited
C/- MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14
Sydney South NSW 1235
Australia
 BY FAX 
+61 2 9287 0309
 BY HAND
delivering it to MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited* 
Parramatta Square
Level 22, Tower 6
10 Darcy Street
Parramatta NSW 2150
*During business hours Monday to Friday (9:00am - 5:00pm)
COMMUNICATION PREFERENCE
We encourage you to receive all your shareholder communication 
via email. This communication method allows us to keep you 
informed without delay, is environmentally friendly and reduces print 
and mail costs.
 ONLINE
https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
Login to the Investor Centre using the holding details as shown on the 
Proxy Form. Select ‘Communications’ and click the first button to 
receive all communications electronically and enter your email address. 
To use the online facility, securityholders will need their “Holder 
Identifier” (Securityholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder 
Identification Number (HIN) as shown on the front of the Proxy Form).
SAMPLE