Shenzhou International Sets August Board Meeting for Interim Results and Dividend Plan - The Globe and Mail Home Canada Business Investing Life Opinion World Politics Personal Finance Culture Sports More More Latest in More Real Estate Drive Watchlist For You Events Find clarity in the chaos. Subscribe now and save 70% SUBSCRIBE FROM $0.99/WEEK Digital access Digital + home delivery TSX -0.08 % S&P 500 -0.17 % DOW -0.26 % NASDAQ -0.09 % Oil 0.08 % Dollar 0.03 % Gold 1.15 % tsx movers: T-T -2.45 % TRP-T + 0.52 % CNQ-T -0.7 % AQN-T + 1.99 % This section contains press releases and other materials from third parties (including paid content). The Globe and Mail has not reviewed this content. Please see disclaimer . Shenzhou International Sets August Board Meeting for Interim Results and Dividend Plan Tipranks - Tipranks - Tue Jul 21, 4:22AM CDT Claim 55% Off TipRanks Unlock powerful investing tools with TipRanks Premium to make smarter, more confident investment decisions Subscribe to TipRanks Smart Investor Newsletter , and discover new investing opportunities with data-backed stock picks Shenzhou International Group Holdings ( (HK:2313) ) has issued an update. Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands-incorporated textile and garment manufacturer listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, serves global apparel brands through an established board of five executive and four independent non-executive directors. This governance structure underpins oversight of the group’s financial performance and capital distribution. The company has scheduled a board meeting for 25 August 2026 to approve and publish its interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and to consider an interim dividend. The announcement signals forthcoming disclosure on mid-year performance and potential shareholder payouts, which will be closely watched by investors assessing earnings momentum and the group’s dividend policy. The most recent analyst rating on (HK:2313) stock is a Buy with a HK$50.00 price target. To see the full list of analyst forecasts on Shenzhou International Group Holdings stock, see the HK:2313 Stock Forecast page . More about Shenzhou International Group Holdings Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited, incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed in Hong Kong under stock code 2313, operates in the textile and garment manufacturing industry. The company focuses on producing apparel for global brands, with operations structured through a board comprising five executive directors and four independent non-executive directors. The governance framework, highlighted by its diverse board composition, supports Shenzhou International’s strategic and operational oversight in the competitive global apparel supply chain. Its corporate structure underpins decision-making on financial performance, capital allocation and shareholder returns in line with Hong Kong listing requirements. YTD Price Performance: -25.59% Average Trading Volume: 7,524,528 Technical Sentiment Signal: Sell Current Market Cap: HK$66.74B For detailed information about 2313 stock, go to TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page . Disclaimer & Disclosure Report an Issue Trending Articles Nebius Stock (NBIS) Jumps after Nvidia Reveals 9.3% Stake Stock Futures Edge Higher with Big Tech Earnings in Focus ‘Position Yourself for What’s Next,’ Says Top Investor About Palantir Stock This article contains syndicated content. We have not reviewed, approved, or endorsed the content, and may receive compensation for placement of the content on this site. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policy here . Don’t let the scary stuff chase you out of the stock market top links Barlow’s Research Roundup: ‘Supercycle’ ahead for Canadian bank stocks, says BofA analyst Tuesday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades Market data provided by Barchart. Exchange delay details and data provider terms here . Information may be delayed, is provided 'as is' and is solely for informational purposes, and not for trading, investment or advice. Terms & Conditions Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Disclaimer Skip footer navigation Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Jump to footer navigation © Copyright 2026 The Globe and Mail Inc. All rights reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600, Toronto, ON Canada, M5A 0N1 Andrew Saunders, President and CEO