1 
 
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take 
no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy 
or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising 
from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.   
 
 
SHENZHOU INTERNATIONAL GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED 
(申洲國際集團控股有限公司 *)  
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) 
(Stock code: 2313) 
 
INSIDE INFORMATION 
PROFIT WARNING 
 
This announcement is made by Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited  (the 
“Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the “ Group”) pursuant to the Inside 
Information Provisions under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and Rule 13.09 of the Rules Governing the 
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) wishes to inform t h e  
shareholders (the  “Shareholders ”) and potential  investors  of the Company that 
based  on a preliminary review of the unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Period”), the Group is expected 
to record a decrease of approximately  38% to 43% in its profit attributable to owners 
of the parent (the “Profit”) for the Period,  as compared with the Profit of approximately 
RMB3,176,836,000 for the corresponding  period in 2025. 
 
Based on the Group’s currently available information, the aforementioned decline in Profit 
was primarily attributable to the multiple challenges facing the operating environment of 
the Group’s business. During the Period, rising raw material and labour costs, coupled with 
the significant appreciation of the Renminbi against the US dollar and a slight decline in 
sales volume due to weak demand, had a negative impact on the Group’s gross profit 
margin and resulted in foreign exchange losses for the Period (foreign exchange gains in 
the same period of 2025). A further analysis is set out below:
2 
 
1. Impact of the appreciation of the Renminbi against the US dollar: In the first half 
of 2026, the average exchange rate of Renminbi appreciated by approximately 4 per 
cent against the US dollar as compared with that for the same period in 2025. The 
Group’s principal business is export -oriented, with trade revenue primarily 
denominated in US dollars, whilst the financial statements are prepared in Renminbi. 
The rapid appreciation of the Renminbi during the Period had an adverse impact on 
both the Group’s trading activities and the revaluation of its net current assets 
denominated in US dollars (primarily comprising bank balances and trade receivables); 
 
2. Impact of rising labour and pension costs and raw material costs:  During the 
Period, the Group’s wage and pension costs increased across all regions. The 
expansion of the Group’s production capacity in Vietnam and Cambodia has led to an 
increase in the Group’s overall workforce. These new production facilities are still in 
the ramp-up phase, and there is room for improvement in production efficiency. At the 
same time, the cost of yarn raw materials has risen in line with international oil prices. 
The combined effect of rising labour-related costs and higher yarn raw material prices 
has driven up overall labour and manufacturing costs; and 
 
3. Weak demand and external factors:  Owing to macroeconomic uncertainty, tariff 
policies and inflationary risks, end -user restocking demand has been subdued and 
brand clients have adopted a more cautious approach to placing orders. This has led 
to increased volatility in order demand during the Period, resulting in a decline in the 
Group’s revenue  as compared with that of the  same period  last year , whilst tariff 
sharing have also had a negative impact. 
 
The Group will continue to closely monitor developments in the global political and 
economic environment and, with a focus on rapid response, will balance domestic and 
international production capacity requirements and improve operational efficiency in order 
to address these developments. 
 
The information contained in this announcement is only based on a preliminary 
assessment by the Board with reference to the unaudited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the Period currently available which have not been audited 
or reviewed by the external auditor of the Company nor reviewed by the audit  committee 
of the Company. As the Company is in the process of finalizing the unaudited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the Period, the actual results may be adjusted upon 
further review, and may be different from the information contained in this announcement. 
Shareholders and potential investors are advised to refer to the unaudited consolidated  
results announcement of the Group for the Period, which will be announced on 25 
August 2026.
3 
 
Shareholders and potential investors should exercise caution when dealing in 
the shares of the Company. 
 
By Order of the Board 
Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited 
 Jianrong Ma 
Chairman 
 
 
Hong Kong, 7 August 2026 
 
As at the date of this announcement, the five executive directors of the Company are Mr. Jianrong 
Ma, Mr. Guanlin Huang, Mr. Renhe Ma, Mr. Cunbo Wang and Mr. Jijun Hu; and the four independent 
non-executive directors are Ms. Feirong Wang, Mr. Bingsheng Zhang, Mr. Xinggao Liu and Ms. 
Chunhong Liu. 
 
 
* For identification purposes only