BETA Close X Niall McBride, a Non-executive Director of Trainline plc, has purchased 23,084 ordinary shares at a price of £2.058 per share on July 1, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange. This transaction represents an initial notification and involves a total value of £47,540. Disclaimer* Trainline PLC 01 July 2026 TRAINLINE PLC (the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Directors/PDMRs Notification of dealing form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Niall McBride 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive Director b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Trainline plc b) LEI 213800HO26VXTFJ4MO71 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of ordinary shares of Trainline plc c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £2.058 23,084 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume £2.058 23,084 e) Date of the transaction 01 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This notification is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulations. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer trainline@brunswickgroup.com / +44 207 404 5959 About Trainline Trainline ( www.trainline.com ) is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide, enabling them to seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place via its highly rated website and mobile app. Trainline is a one‐stop shop for rail and coach travel bringing together millions of routes, fares and journey times from rail and coach carriers across Europe. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 3 hours ago Kier Group 3 hours ago C&C Group (CDI) 3 hours ago ECO Animal Health Group 4 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and