BETA Close X Trainline plc has announced a new share repurchase programme of up to £100,000,000, set to commence after the completion of its current £150,000,000 programme. The new programme will be executed in two tranches, with the first £50,000,000 tranche being managed by Morgan Stanley, and further details on the second tranche with Deutsche Bank will be announced later. This programme is expected to run for 12 months and is conditional on the renewal of Trainline's authority to make market purchases at its next Annual General Meeting. Disclaimer* Trainline PLC 11 September 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION Trainline plc Announcement of £100 million share repurchase programme 11th September 2026 Trainline plc ("Trainline", the "Company" or the "Group") announces today it will commence a share repurchase programme of its ordinary shares of 1p each (the "Ordinary Shares") up to a maximum consideration of £100,000,000 (the "Programme") over 12 months, in line with our stated capital allocation framework. The Programme is to commence following the completion of the current £150,000,000 share repurchase programme, which was announced on 11 September 2025 and which is expected to complete today. Trainline will execute the Programme in two tranches. In respect of the first tranche, Trainline has entered into an instruction with Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") in relation to the purchase by Morgan Stanley, acting on a riskless principal basis, during the period commencing upon completion of the current share repurchase programme of ordinary shares in the share capital of Trainline (the "Shares") for an aggregate purchase price of no greater than £50,000,000 (excluding stamp duties, fees and levies) and the simultaneous on-sale of such Shares by Morgan Stanley to Trainline. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares done in relation to this announcement will be executed in accordance with (i) the terms and parameters of Morgan Stanley's engagement; (ii) the relevant regulations, including the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014), the Commission Delegated Regulation (2016/1052), in each case as such legislation forms part of assimilated law (as defined in the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018), and Chapter 9 of the Financial Conduct Authority's UK Listing Rules and (iii) Trainline's general authority to make market purchases of Shares. Trainline will announce any market repurchase of Ordinary Shares by no later than 4.30 p.m. on the seventh business day following the calendar day on which the purchase occurred. To the extent permitted by law, Ordinary Shares purchased under the Programme will either be cancelled or held in treasury. With regards to the second tranche, Trainline has entered into an instruction with Deutsche Bank AG ("Deutsche Bank"). Further details on the second tranche of the Programme will be announced in advance of completing the first tranche. The Programme is expected to run beyond the date of the Company's next Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), and its continuation after the expiry of the current general authority for Trainline to make market purchases of Shares will be conditional upon renewal of such authority at that AGM. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Trainline is Martin McIntyre, Company Secretary. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer trainline@brunswickgroup.com / +44 207 404 5959 Forward looking statements and other important information This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or any businesses or assets described in it, nor should any recipients construe the information contained in this document as legal, tax, regulatory, or financial or accounting advice and are urged to consult with their own advisers in relation to such matters. Nothing herein shall be taken as constituting investment advice and it is not intended to provide, and must not be taken as, the basis of any decision and should not be considered as a recommendation to acquire any securities of Trainline. This document contains forward looking statements, which are statements that are not historical facts and that reflect Trainline's beliefs and expectations with respect to future events and financial and operational performance. These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, estimates and other factors, which may be beyond the control of Trainline and which may cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those expressed or implied from such forward-looking statements. Nothing contained within this document is or should be relied upon as a warranty, promise or representation, express or implied, as to the future performance of Trainline or its business. Any historical information contained in this statistical information is not indicative of future performance. The information contained in this document speaks only as at the date of this document and Trainline expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release any update of, or revisions to, any forward-looking statements in this document. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Tatton Asset Management 1 hour ago Renalytix (Reg S) 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Conygar Investment Company 15 hours ago Johnson Matthey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and