BETA Close X Trainline plc announced that Duncan Tatton-Brown, Non-executive Director and Audit and Risk Committee Chair, will retire from the Board on June 18, 2026, after seven years of service, and will not seek re-election at the 2026 Annual General Meeting. The company stated that Tatton-Brown has provided significant guidance and advice since the IPO and that a successor for the Audit and Risk Committee Chair role will be announced in due course. Disclaimer* Trainline PLC 22 May 2026 22 May 2026 Trainline plc ("Trainline" or the "Company") Directorate Change Trainline plc (the "Company") announces that Duncan Tatton-Brown, Non-executive Director and Audit and Risk Committee Chair of the Company, will not seek re-election at the 2026 Annual General Meeting and will therefore retire from the Board on 18 June 2026 after seven years of service. Brian McBride, Chair of Trainline, commented: "Duncan has stewarded the Audit and Risk Committee masterfully since IPO and has provided immense guidance, constructive challenge and advice to me, the Board and Trainline during his tenure. We look forward to announcing his successor as Audit and Risk Committee Chair in due course." This announcement is made in accordance with LR 6.4.6. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer trainline@brunswickgroup.com / +44 207 404 5959 About Trainline Trainline (www.trainline.com) is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide, enabling them to seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place via its highly rated website and mobile app. Trainline is a one‐stop shop for rail and coach travel bringing together millions of routes, fares and journey times from rail and coach carriers across Europe This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago AstraZeneca 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 1 hour ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and