BETA Close X Trainline PLC announced that Performance Share Plan and Deferred Share Bonus Plan awards vested on May 12, 2026, for Jody Ford and Peter Wood. Following the vesting, shares were sold to cover associated taxation and administrative costs. Specifically, 417,912 shares from the PSP and 174,264 shares from the DSBP vested for Jody Ford, while Peter Wood had 269,371 PSP shares and 53,262 DSBP shares vest. A total of 278,955 shares were sold on the London Stock Exchange at £2.04846 per share to cover costs for Ford, and 152,016 shares were sold at the same price for Wood. The performance targets for these awards, based on EPS, revenue growth, and total shareholder returns over the three years ending February 28, 2026, will be detailed in the FY2026 Annual Report. Disclaimer* Trainline PLC 14 May 2026 14 May 2026 TRAINLINE PLC (the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Directors/PDMRs The Company announces that Performance Share Plan ('PSP') awards granted during FY2024 and Deferred Share Bonus Plan awards granted to Jody Ford and Peter Wood (together, the 'Awards') vested on 12 May 2026. Shares were sold to cover taxation and administrative costs arising on the vesting of the Awards. The PSP awards were granted subject to the achievement of performance targets based on cumulative EPS and annual Revenue growth and relative total shareholder returns over the three-year period ending 28 February 2026, as disclosed in the FY2024 Annual Report. Achievement against the performance targets will be disclosed in the FY2026 Annual Report. The Notification of Dealing Form for the vests may be found below. This notification is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer trainline@brunswickgroup.com / +44 207 404 5959 About Trainline Trainline ( www.trainline.com ) is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide, enabling them to seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place via its highly rated website and mobile app. Trainline is a one‐stop shop for rail and coach travel bringing together millions of routes, fares and journey times from rail and coach carriers across Europe. Notification of dealing form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Jody Ford 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Trainline plc b) LEI 213800HO26VXTFJ4MO71 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction Vest of a conditional award under the Performance Share Plan over ordinary shares of Trainline plc c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 417,912 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction Vest of conditional awards under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan over ordinary shares of Trainline plc c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 174,264 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction The sale of ordinary shares of Trainline plc on vesting of the above Performance Share Plan and Deferred Share Bonus Plan awards in order to satisfy associated costs. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £2.04846 per share 278,955 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Notification of dealing form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Peter Wood 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Trainline plc b) LEI 213800HO26VXTFJ4MO71 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction Vest of conditional awards under the Performance Share Plan over ordinary shares of Trainline plc c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 269,371 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction Vest of conditional awards under the Deferred Share Bonus Plan over ordinary shares of Trainline plc c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume Nil 53,262 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of £0.01 each Identification code GB00BKDTK925 b) Nature of the transaction The sale of ordinary shares of Trainline plc on vesting of the above Performance Share Plan and Deferred Share Bonus Plan awards in order to satisfy associated costs. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £2.04846 per share 152,016 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price Aggregated Volume N/A N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago AstraZeneca 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 1 hour ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and