BETA Close X Trainline plc has announced the publication of its FY2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, which is scheduled for June 18, 2026. These documents, including the FY2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements in machine-readable XHTML format, the 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting, and the Proxy Form, have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are available on the company's website. Disclaimer* Trainline PLC 22 May 2026 22 May 2026 Trainline plc ("Trainline" or the "Company") Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting and FY2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements Trainline plc (the 'Company') announces that it has today published its FY2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements and the Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting (the '2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting'), which is to be held at 8:30am BST on 18 June 2026 at 1 Stonecutter Street, London, EC4A 4AH (the '2026 AGM'). The FY2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements and 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting can be viewed on the Company's website at: www.trainlinegroup.com/AGM In accordance with UK Listing Rules 6.4.1R and 6.4.3R , copies of the following documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism · FY2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements (in machine-readable XHTML web browser format); · 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting; · Proxy Form for the 2026 AGM. This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 6.3.5R. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer +44 207 404 5959 / trainline@brunswickgroup.com About Trainline Trainline ( www.trainline.com ) is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide, enabling them to seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place via its highly rated website and mobile app. Trainline is a one‐stop shop for rail and coach travel bringing together millions of routes, fares and journey times from rail and coach carriers across Europe. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago AstraZeneca 59 minutes ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and