BETA Close X Trainline PLC has announced its total voting rights as of May 31, 2026, stating that its share capital consists of 365,759,354 ordinary shares of one pence each, with each share carrying one vote. The company confirmed it holds no shares in treasury, and this figure of 365,759,354 is to be used by shareholders and others for notification obligations regarding their interests in the company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Trainline PLC 01 June 2026 TRAINLINE PLC (the "Company") TOTAL VOTING RIGHTS In accordance with DTR 5.6 and Regulation 20 of the Transparency (Directive 2004/109/EC) Regulations 2007 (as amended) the Company's share capital as at 31 st May 2026 consisted of 365,759,354 ordinary shares of one pence each. Each ordinary share carries the right to one vote in relation to all circumstances at general meetings of the Company. The Company does not hold any shares in Treasury. The above figure of 365,759,354 may be used by shareholders and others with notification obligations as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer trainline@brunswickgroup.com / +44 207 404 5959 About Trainline Trainline ( www.trainline.com ) is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide, enabling them to seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place via its highly rated website and mobile app. Trainline is a one‐stop shop for rail and coach travel bringing together millions of routes, fares and journey times from rail and coach carriers across Europe. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Ondo Insurtech 1 day ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 1 day ago Savannah Energy 1 day ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and