Europe’s most downloaded rail travel app

Y trainline

Annual Report & Accounts 2024

‘Trainline ple Annus} Report & Accounts 2026

Empowering greener
travel choices, connecting
people and places

Corporate

We believe in Governance
creating more
environmentally
friendly travel

choices — with rail
offering a greener
alternative to air

Strategic Report Financial Statements
and car.

Independent auditors report
is Financial
Statements

Visit our investor site for more
information on Trai
www.trainlinegroup.com/investors

Governance

1e Group Financial
Alternative per
snt Company balance

Trainlin ple Annual Report & Accounts 2028

Strategic
Highlights

Enhancing the
customer experience

Digitising commuter and short-distance
travel while positioning Trainline as the
market aggregator in Europe.

Building demand
Increased efficient mark
todr
bran

investment
up customer demand and grow
arenes, particularly in Europe.

Increasing customer
lifetime value

Growing customer relationships,
transaction frequency and monetisation,

Growing Trainline
Solutions

Supporting our travel partners, leveraging
the strength of Platform One, our single
global platform.

Financial
Highlights

> Find ot more on page 28

+61%

Improved to7.3p,
from 4.5p in FY2023.

Adjusted basic EPS

+59%

Improved to 12.3p,
from 7:7p in FY2023.

Net ticket sales Revenue

Increased to £5.3 billion, Increased to £397 million
from £4.3 billion last year, from £327 million last year,
with International Consumer | | driven by the growth

now a £1 billion business. in net ticket sales.

Adjusted EBITDA

+42%

Increased to £122 million, from £86 million in FY2023.

Operating profit

+101%

£56 million operating profit vs £28 million in FY2023,
primarily reflecting adjusted EBITDA generation.

Corporate
Governance

Financial
Statements

< Strategic Report

‘Teanlin ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Empowering

Contents

03
0s
06
08
2
6
8
20
26
20
a

40
a

46
83

Chair's statement
Ataglance

CEO's statement

Market overview

Business mode!

Our technology

Sustainability

Strategy

Key performance indicators
(CFO's financial highlights
Principal risks and uncertainties.
Viability statement

(ur People and culture

TCFD and SASB disclosures
‘Stakeholder engagement

A section 172 statement

Strategic
Report

Corporate
Governnce

Financial

Trainlin ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024

C Chair's statement

Empowering

greener travel

66

Trainline is making it easier and cheaper
for people to take the train, while also
growing awareness of rail as a more
environmentally friendly way to travel.”

Brian McBride, Chai

Trainline has a resolute focus on its core purpose: to empower
greener travel, encouraging more people to take the train.

When I wrote last year, | explained how Trainline had
made significant progress despite the industrial dispute

in the UK. Unfortunately, the industrial dispute is ongoing,
but Jody and his team continued to execute well against
their strategic priorities and once again delivered a

record operating performance. It was a performance that
reflected a resolute focus on Trainline’s core purpose: to
empower greener travel, encouraging more people to take
the train.

Championing rail as a greener way to travel
Trainline is making it easier and cheaper for people to
take the train, while also growing awareness of rail as a
‘more environmentally friendly way to travel. Last year,
the Company launched the I Came By Train’ campaign,
aiming to grow the public's awareness of the relative
benefits of train travel and inspire pride in those that take

positive action. Having gained strong early momentum
with industry and government stakeholders, this year
we followed up with a new consumer campaign that
celebrates all the heroes who travel by train.

We also launched new features on our mobile App and on
Web to encourage modal shift, including Super Routes,
showing routes to customers where they can save time,
money and carbon emissions by taking the train.

Financial and strategic performance

‘The Board was pleased with the Group's financial and
strategic performance in FY2024. The Group delivered
record net ticket sales of £5.3 billion, up 22% vs the prior
year, and revenue of £397 million, up 21%, while adjusted
EBITDA of £122 million was up 42% year on year.

Strategic
Report

Corpora
Governance

Financial
Statements

Chair's statement co:

‘Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024

ued

We are Europe’s most
downloaded rail travel app.
Through our customer-
centric, scalable platform,
we are committed to
driving responsible

and sustainable business
growth, by:

Empowerin
Making it easy for customers
to find the best value tickets
across carriers, fares, and
journey options - championing
a much greener way to travel

Enhancing:

Leveraging scale, data and
technology to offer a superior
customer experience

Connecting:
Offering carrier partners
ibution and online
.es at a lower cost to serve

Financial and strategic performance cont.

The Group further progressed against its strategic
priorities, enhancing the customer experience, building
demand, increasing customer lifetime value and growing
Trainline Solutions. This included improving the ticketing
experience for commuters and customers booking on-
the-day travel in the UK, as well as positioning Trainline as
the market aggregator in Europe, particularly on routes
where new entrant carrier competition is intensifying. You
‘an read more about progress made against Trainline's
strategic priorities on pages 20 to 25.

New capital allocation framework

‘The Board agreed a new capital allocation framework
this year. This prioritises investment in Trainline’s,

strategic priorities, possibly supplemented with inorganic
investment, while managing debt leverage and returning
any surplus capital thereafter to shareholders. Trainline
attained shareholder approval during FY2026 for a capital
reduction of the Companys share premium account.

This provided the Company with additional distributable
reserves to make further distributions, as and when
considered appropriate by the Board. In line with this,
framework, Trainline launched a £50 million share buyback
programme in September 2023. As at the end of April
2024, the Company had bought back £38 million shares
under the programme. In May 2024, Trainline announced
‘anew share buyback programme of up to £75 million to
‘commence upon completion of the existing programme.

Political, regulatory & policy developments

In the UK, the Government Department for Transport
withdrew proposals to create a new Great British Rallways
ticket retailing website and app in December 2023. The
proposals were originally outlined by the OfT in May
2021, as part of the Williams-Shapps Plan for Rail white
paper. In April 2024, the Labour Party launched their rail
policy at an event held at Trainline’s London offices. They
Confirmed to Trainline that they have no plans to revive
the current Government's previous proposal for a national
retailing app.

In Europe, we saw encouraging momentum with legal
and regulatory developments, with particularly strong
emphasis on creating and sustaining level playing field
conditions for independent retailers. This included the
EU Commission accepting Renfe's commitments to
enhance competition in online rail retailing,

Looking ahead

‘The business is well positioned to drive long-term
growth and create value for customers and shareholders.
Trainline benefits from significant structural tailwinds,
including growing awareness of the environmental
benefits of ral travel and a European rail market that is
liberalising, As Ilook out longer term, I continue to see
huge headroom for growth. Although industrial action
continues in the UK, Trainline is set for further strong
performance in the year ahead.

I would like to thank the team at Trainline for their
continued focus on the purpose and strategic goals of
the business, persevering and adapting to what has been
a challenging set of circumstances, and once again for
delivering a record operating performance.

(ie
arian

3 May 2024

Corporate
Governance

‘Trainin ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Ataglance

We are Europe’s leading

travellers to find and book

the best value tickets across
carriers, fares, and journey
options through our highly rated
Trainline mobile App, website,
and B2B partner channels.

We work with more than 270 rail and coach companies
across more than 40 countries across the UK and Europe.

By bringing all of the major carriers and new entrants
‘onto one platform, we provide travellers with an
Lnrivaed set of train and coach options. Our smart
technology and data-driven features help our customers
to stay one step ahead.

For our carrier and 828 partners, Trainline Solutions
offers access to a huge supply of rail carrier inventory
across the UK and continental Europe through

our proprietary platform. With tested and proven
technology, we enable them to offer best-in-class
customer experience at low cost.

10

ies and multiple
payment methods including
Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal,
SOFORT and iDEAL

>40

countries travelled in and
across by Trainline customers

270+

rail and coach companies

independent rail platform

1%

of our UK transactions
are through our App

1. 10S cating as at 2/04/2024

International scale

£1bn

net ticket sales in our
International Consumer
business

Corporate
Governance

Financial
Statements

‘Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2024

Europe’s #1
downloaded

rail travel app

66

New entrant carrier competition is revolutionising
rail as more customers benefit from greater choice,
lower prices and the opportunity to choose greener
travel. We are becoming the aggregator of choice in
the UK and internationally and are delivering strong
growth, particularly in those markets liberalising

fastest, such as Spain.”

Jody Ford, Chief Executive Officer

Stronger growth from Europe's #1 rail app
Trainline delivered another record operating performance
in FY2024. Trainline's growth reflected our focus on
continually innovating and improving the customer
experience of purchasing digital ral tickets. The value, ease,
and convenience we provide are just some of the reasons
we are Europe's most downloaded rail app. Growth in our
net ticket sales was at the top end of the guidance range,
while revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA margin as a
percentage of net ticket sales exceeded our guided range.

Trainline benefits from several long-term growth
opportunities. The addressable rail market across the

UK and continental Europe is large, being «.€55bn, and

so offers significant headroom. Itis set to benefit from
increased investment in high-speed rail, greater consumer
awareness of its environmental benefits, and growing
demand from travellers for digital tickets.

In addition, new entrant carrier competition is
revolutionising rail as more customers benefit from

greater choice, lower prices and the opportunity to choose
greener travel, We are becoming the aggregator of choice
inthe UK and internationally and are delivering strong
growth, particularly in those markets liberalising fastest
such as Spain. With four carrier brands competing across
its high-speed rail network, we have doubled domestic
ticket sales in Spain for the second year running and.
significantly grown our market share on the top routes.
With new entrant carrier competition set to grow in Italy,
France and the UK in the next two years, I believe this will
support a golden age of rail travel.

Following a positive start to the year, in FY2025 Trainline
expects to generate: net ticket sales growth YoY in the
range of +8% to +12%; revenue growth YoY in the range

of +79% to +11%; and adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of
net ticket sales in the range of 2.4% to 2.5%. Our growth
expectations are despite headwinds from ongoing
industrial action in the UK, as well as Transport for London
(TfUs) planned expansion of their contactless travel zone to
a further 53 stations in FY2025.

Report

Corporate
Governance

Financial

@

‘Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2028

C CEO's statement continued

Progress against our strategic priorities

We focus on four strategic growth priorities, against which
we continue to make good progre

Enhancing the customer experience

In the UK, the station represented almost £3 billion

ticket sales in FY2024, most of which are estimated to be
short-distance and commute journeys. We have therefore
continued to prime our mobile App to better serve those
‘customers. This helped drive up our overall share of the
‘commuter market segment to 23%, from 10% pre-COVID.
We also focused on expanding the long-distance market
by unlocking value for customers, launching improved
Ticket Alerts and data-driven Price Prediction features,

In International Consumer, we are launching new features
to further position ourselves as the aggregator of choice.
‘We overhauled fare presentation within the App so
customers can easily compare carriers, and launched

our Best Price Guarantee, refunding the difference if a
‘customer finds the same ticket cheaper elsewhere. In
Spain, we launched TopCombo, a new product proposition
that allows customers to seamlessly stitch together
different carriers for mult-leg and return journeys.

Building demand

In the UK, we continued to build demand for our products
and services, helping drive up active customers by 13%
YoY. Through our “great journeys start with Trainline”
brand campaign, we told customers how they can save
35% on average when booking a journey through Trainline,
as well as highlighting the convenience of digital ticketing.
Separately, our viral “Trainline Wrapped” campaign gave
every customer a personalised view of their sustainability
journey, along with a clear and measurable understanding
of the impact of their travel choices on the environment.

In Europe, we made further headway growing consumer
awareness, focusing on markets with widespread carrier
competition to communicate our aggregation proposition.
Prompted brand awareness has more than doubled in
‘Spain and Italy since we launched brand campaigns in
both markets 18 and 24 months ago respectively, and in
Italy we became the second most downloaded travel app.

Increasing customer lifetime value
‘As we grow our customer base, we are also increasing
the frequency with which those customers transact with
Us. In the UK, we increased the proportion of on-the-day
ticket purchases to 66% of all ticket transactions, with.
active customers now transacting almost three times

a month. In Europe, we are also increasing transaction
frequency by shifting more customers to our mobile
‘App, as App customers typically transact more often than.
Web customers. n Italy for example, 73% of customer
transactions were through the App, up from 51% two
years ago.

In both the UK and in International, we have increased
our focus on enhancing monetisation as a way to increase
customer lifetime value. This includes providing ancillary
products to our customers, such as hotels, leveraging
revenue share partnerships.

Growing Trainline Solutions (TS)

We are actively engaging in several new tender processes
from carriers for online retailing solutions. This follows
the UK Government recently cancelling its plans to

create a centralised retail app and website, which was
originally intended to replace the rail carriers’ online
retailing channels.

Overall, !m pleased with our strong performance
and remain excited about the huge growth opportunity
for Trainline.

Jody Ford
Chief Executive Officer
3.May 2024

Strategic
Report

Corpora
Governance

Financial
Statements

‘Trainline ple Annus Report & Accounts 2024

(Market Overview

Trainline operates in a large market
set for long-term growth

Our structural tailwinds

Continued shift to online
and mobile ticketing

to online and mobile ticketing
Industry sales through online channels grew
to 55%, up from 53% in the prior year. Within
that, industry eticket sales increased to 47% in
FY2024, up from 43% in FY2023. However, there

remains considerable headroom for growth.

billion of total ticket sales in FY2024, most of
which are estimated to be short-distance and

(2) Tickets bought offline represented around £3
Driving modal shift with commute journeys
significant investments in rail
(3} Eticket penetration in the UK
FY2024
FY2023

Growing carrier
competition in our core
European geographies

FY2021

FY2020

21%

4

43%

FY2022 40%

Driving modal shift with regulation and significant investments

UK and European governments are
investing to drive modal shift to rail as a
greener mode of transport amid growing
environmental awareness and ambitious
net zero targets.

Governments and businesses continue
to recognise that achieving net zero
emissions targets will require a modal shift
to more sustainable travel options.

EU target to
triple the length
of the high-speed

rail network

by 2050

n
A strategic priority of the UK Decarbonising
‘Transport plan is to accelerate modal shift
by making public transport “the natural
first choice for our daily activities” and,
where the car remains attractive for longer
journeys, increasing "competition from
high-speed decarbonised rail and zero
emissions coaches”

€55bn

Size of European

rail market
(including UK)

Report

Corporate
Governance

Financial
Statements

Tranline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2028

Market Overview continued

Greater carrier competition in our core European geographies

‘Trainline operates in an increasingly
complex and fragmented rail market.

Major carriers from France, Italy and Spain
are now competing in each other's domestic
markets and on cross-border routes.

Spain

+ Renfe Avlo and Iryo are now running
services on six key high-speed routes

+ Quigo has launched on three routes and
is set to enter more during 2024

Italy

+ New entrant carrier Longitude is set to
arrive in Italy in 2025

+ Quigo is set to enter the Italian market
in 2026

France

+ Renfe is now running cross-border
services between Barcelona-Lyon and
Madrid-Barcelona-Marseille

+ Renfe are due to launch a service
between Paris-Lyon in 2024, meaning
there will be four carrier brands on
that route

+ Carrier competition could be arriving
on London-Paris, potentially as early as.
2025, with Evolyn announcing plans to
launch a competitor service to Eurostar

+ Le Train is a further example of a new
‘operator planning to launch services, set
to launch routes on the Western Corridor
in France connecting major cities ike
Bordeaux, Tours, Nantes, and Rennes

+ Inthe longer term, new carrier entrant
Kevin Speed is planning services between
Paris and three major French cities.

New operators in Spain have introduced
different customer propositions on
routes, from low-cost (Ouigo and Avio) to
premium services (Iryo). Such competition
provides more choice, convenience and
quality for customers, as well as more
competitive fares.

‘As the number of carriers competing on
the same routes grows, passengers will
increasingly need aggregators to compare
all the carrier options. Trainline aggregates
different carriers, fares and journeys in
one place, making it easy for customers to
select the right option for them, together
with the ability to book rail tickets in a
language and currency of their choice.

For carriers seeking to grow or enter new
markets, Trainline is a source of access to
a diverse domestic and global customer
base across our 82C and 828 channels,
‘connecting them to consumers, business
travellers and travel resellers.

Selected key ri

I routes in continental Europe with compe!

Strategic
Report

Corporate
Governance

Financial
Statements

Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2028

Market Overview continued

Case study: Spain

Spain has quickly become the most competitive
high-speed carrier market in Europe and

serves as a template for what increased carrier
competition might look like in other European
markets, such as Italy and Franc

Since 2021, Spain has gone from having one
long-distance carrier, the national incumbent
Renfe, to four carrier brands nationwide. Carrier
competition in Spain is benefiting customers,
who now enjoy significantly more choice and
lower prices. As at 29 February 2024, Renfe Avio
and Iryo both operate on six high-speed routes,
while Ouigo operates on three. On the three
high-speed routes where all four carrier brands
compete (Madrid-Barcelona, Madrid-Valencia,
Madrid-Alicante), average fares have reduced
by 50% vs 2019, precipitating a 70% increase in
passenger numbers.

+103%
Trainline domestic

net ticket sales

in Spain

44%

FY2022 FY2023 FY2024

However, greater market fragmentation also
means greater complexity for customers,
particularly as the different carriers do not
provide competitor inventory on their respective
retailing channels, This therefore strengthens
the need for a market aggregator, where
customers can book the best value and most,
convenient rail tickets for their specific journey.

By positioning ourselves as the market
aggregator, Trainline has grown significantly
on liberalised routes, taking material share.

By the end of 2023, Trainline’s share of the top
five high-speed routes had increased to 8-13%,
compared to c.1% share across Spain in 2019.

Given our focus on aggregated routes, Spanish
domestic net ticket sales have doubled for two
consecutive years. This focus has also driven

‘a more engaged customer base, with repeat
customers making up 44% of domestic sales,
Lup from 3496 last year.

‘Today, Spain is the only market in Europe where
four carrier brands are competing on the same
long-distance routes. However, that is set to
change, first in Italy and thereafter in France.
‘As has been the case in Spain, increasing the
number of carrier brands running services
across Italy and France should significantly
increase the competitive dynamic of their

rail markets, in turn catalysing the need for a
market aggregator like Trainline

@ Repeat customers
O New customers

Corporate
Governance

Financial
Statements