aunuien Z
9202 S}UNODSY 8 yoday jenuuy a

dde jane} j1e4
popeojumop
}soW sedoing

[——}

vn

*

m

‘AF 86GY)

A03 10/08/2026 #118
COMPANIES HOUSE

MONDAY

Empowering
greener travel
choices,

Governance

se

, ( Highlights

xvas
Inte Ux whthts

d 10 £6.3 billion,
ion ast yee

Adjusted EBITDA

38

Enhancing
he customer
experience

Increasing
customer
lifetime value

fig oERefaE?

Dj
QYY,5
~ i,

Increased to £122 million from
£86 million last year

Growing
Trainline Solutions

ou
flee tee

He: of eae, na,
al) Neto,

Improved to 19.4p, from 13.1p in *
FY2025

loved 10 23.6p, from 1920 in

SWS pure YO:
yeueld

pue Ayunwuos ‘ajdoag

si zo

yoday 216932135

Chair's statement

The business remains
well positioned with
attractive long-term
structural tailwinds in
both the UK and across
Europe.”

ple Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Positioned for growth

Strong strategic progress and robust operating performance.

Trainline delivered a year of continued strategic progress,
underpinned by resilient growth, strong cash generation
and further enhancement of its product and technology.
This reflects the team’s unwavering focus on the customer
and championing of rail as a greener way to travel. The
business remains well positioned against attractive long-
term structural talwinds in both the UK and across Europe.

UK rail reform and GBR

The publication of the Great British Railways (GBR)
consultation output in November 2025 provided greater
clarity on the future structure of rail retailing. Ata high
level, it reaffirmed the Government's commitment to

a fair, open and competitive retail market, alongside
recognition of the important role independent retailers
play in driving innovation and improving customer
outcomes.

The proposed framework includes GBR assuming
industry governance responsibilities, a formal code of
practice, with independent oversight from the Office of
Rail and Road (ORR), and clear mechanisms for industry
consultation and challenge.

Mai 19 an assertive stance with Government
The Board views the GBR consultation output as a
constructive step towards establishing appropriate

level playing field safeguards for rail retailing. However,
Trainline maintains its assertive stance with the
Government to ensure that they meet their commitments
to a fair, open and competitive retail market, particularly
around the development of its new code of practice.

1. Caleulated by reference tothe orignal number of shares in issue atthe

Start of Trailine’s fst share buyback programme in September 2023
(481 milion shares.

In addition, Trainline is making progress in rectifying
examples where TOCS self-preference their own retail
channels, An important example is the denial of access to
Delay Repay for third-party retailers - a consistent priority
for our customers and a key focus of our engagement
with Government.

In March 2026, the Government announced that, once
GBR is established, customers will be able to access Delay
Repay compensation through the retailer from which they
purchased their ticket, including independent retailers.

Disciplined capital allocation
‘The Group continues to generate strong cash flows,
supported by its scalable, asset light model, and we have
a clear and consistent capital allocation framework. Inline
with this framework, we have continued to execute our
share buyback programme. As at 30 April 2026, we have
repurchased £94 million of shares under the current £150
million programme.

This brings total capital returned to shareholders to £294
million since September 2023, equivalent to around 23%
of issued share capital’

The Board considers this a disciplined use of capital,
reflecting both strong cash generation and confidence in
the long-term value of the business.

Docusign Envelope ID: 79F42E9C-1ASA-8793-8096-AFBD2D969FE2

Trainlina ple Annual Report & Accounts 2026
Chair's statement

Leadership transition the strategic authority for UK ral, alongside the continued
liberalisation of European rail markets, where we see
significant long-term opportunity

would lke to thank Jody Ford for his outstanding leadership
of Trainline. Over his tenure, the Group has undergone a
period of exceptional growth, establishing itself as Europe's

leading rail app, now serving 27 million customers. The Looking ahe:

business has doubled net ticket sales across both UK and _The ral industry is entering a period of significant transition.

International Consumer segments, more than doubled While some uncertainty remains, the direction of travel is

profits, and strengthened its position in key European becoming clearer. The Board remains focused on ensuring

markets including France, Spain and Italy. Trainline continues to deliver value for customers and
partners, engages constructively with Government and

Jody has also built a high-quality leadership team and regulators and invests to strengthen its competitive position

2 strong platform for continued growth. On behalf of

the Board, I would like to thank him for his significant I would like to thank our colleagues for their continued

Coumuton duringths mporant poset Companys. canine and ou sharers forth ongang spor
Sercpmene Wetovelnitesasuresion reson (a

wilappomns CEO withthe experience and capabines— (GURNGSA.

‘bled Tale ought ext pase Ths rue

nowgatng the esablsmentof eat Bish eallvays 3

Chai
5 May 2026

We are Europe’s most downloaded rail travel app. Through our customer-centric,
scalable platform, we are committed to driving responsible and sustainable
business growth, by:

oe

Empowering: Enhancing: Connecting:

Making it easy for customers to Leveraging scale, data and Offering carrier partners

access a range of value-saving technology to offer a superior distribution and online retail

products across carriers and customer experience services at a lower cost to serve

journey options - championing

‘a much greener way to travel (os)

Currencies and multiple
payment methods
including Apple Pay,
Google Pay, PayPal,
SOFORT and iDEAL

We are Europe’s leading
independent rail platform

lWefenablefmillionsfofitravellers\tojuniockivaluejwhen]
booking}railitravellthroughfoughighlysrated/mobileJApp)
fand|websiteyas\welllasthroughounpartnenchannelsa

We work with over 270 rll and coach companies across more than 40 countries throughout
the UK and Europe,

By bringing all of the major carriers and new entrants onto one platform, we provide customers
with a large array of train and coach options. Our smart technology and data-driven features,
help our customers to stay one step ahead.

For our carrier and B2B partners, Trainline Solutions offers access to a huge supply of rail carrier
inventory across the UK and continental Europe through our proprietary platform. With tested
and proven technology, we enable them to offer best-in-class customer expertence at low cost.

>40 >270 |93%

countries travelled rail and coach companies | of our UK transactions
in and across by are through our App
Trainline customers

4.9/5

star app rating’

UK Consume
#1 Travel App in the UK

We are the #1 travel app in the UK’, with 18 million
total active customers’, Trainline continues to
invest in its customer proposition, strengthening
the loyalty and engagement of our customer base
and, in turn, deepening our competitive moat.

1 Traintine i the number one app inthe UK versus
‘major travel peers as per dally average active user
Gata in H2 2026, 95 Sourced rom Sensor Tower.

International Consumer:
#1 Rail Aggregator in Europe

‘Trainline is well placed to scale, particularly in
Spain, France and Italy as carrier competition
becomes more widespread over the next few
years. The three markets today represent an
addressable market of around €17 billion,
expected to grow to €23 billion by 20302,

2. Number of customers across the United Kingdom who
have transacted at least once over the last 12 months,

Trainline Solutions: #1 B2B Rail
Platform Across UK and Europe

Within Trainline Solutions, 828 distribution was
the fastest-growing sub-segment and represents
our primary growth opportunity. Within a €6 billion
European business travel market, our Global

API enables multi-carrier rail distribution, driving
strong growth across partners and markets.

3. OCBC 2024 analysis and internal estimates.

Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2026

=>

We understand the travel needs and (2)
patterns of our customers in over
40 countries through our 82C and
828 channels with around 130
million visits to our platform
each month,

Leveraging our
advantages to further
strengthen our
competitive position.

Platform One is our agile and
proprietary technology. It is the engine
behind our App and website, and it
also powers the booking and retailing
solutions for our 828 partners (rail
carriers and travel platforms)

Seepening relationstiP®

We earn a commission and fees on B2C ticket sales. We also generate
revenue from advertising and ancillary services such as hotel booking,
travel insurance and multi-currency payment options.

Most of our customers transact through our
mobile App, benefitting from products and
features like Travel Forecast, Al Travel Assistant
and digital railcards, which in turn build loyalty
and engagement.

Using our product and technology
expertise, plus the unique data insights
generated across our large customer

base, we are leveraging Al to further 0
enhance our customer proposition.

82B partners pay a commission and/or transaction fee on ticket sales,
as wall as other related technology service fees.

We seek to expand the services we provide, meeting more of our
customers’ needs and increasing our monetisation.

Business model continued

For travellers

+ 4.9/5 star-rated app on iOS!
‘earch and book train tickets for journeys in over 40 countri

+ All ticket types, journey combinations and fares across major carriers
in one pl

eamless, friction-fre ing experi
Multiple currencies and payment opt

+ Digital tickets, smart personalisation, real-time travel information and
many more features

Trvelnow

ighton

7 Landon Vietera

osss =

they Riv wey

Trailing ple Annual Report & Accounts 2026

For our B2B partners —_| For carrier partners
We give travel sellers We provide end-to-end
access to our rail content | online retailing solutions
via our Global API for rail carriers

+ Access to our rail content | + Fast and secure tech
and local features platform for retailing and
through one connection | _ ticketing at a lower cost

+ Allowing travel sellersto | toserve
integrate rail into their | + Deep rail tech expertise:
offering, helping them customised, high-
grow their business converting and high-

quality solutions

+ Broad range of products
and features to integrate
into their retail channels

Our wider stakeholders...

Our people
Clear purpose at Trainline: make greener travel choices, connecting people and places.

Shareholders
Helping shareholders understand our business and strategy, while simultaneously
addressing their objectives and concerns.

Government and regulators
Encouraging modal shift while advising on fair, open and competitive rail markets

Environment
Building motivation and pride to switch from driving and flying to rail, with route
emission information and brand campaigns to drive awareness for sustainability of rail

1. 10S rating in UK app store as at 30 April 2026,

CEO's statement

We are strengthening our
competitive position and

leveraging Al to innovate

at pace.”

Chief Executive
Officer

Training ple Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Innovating at pace

FY2026: A year of strong delivery from Europe’s #1 rail app.

This has been a strong year for Trainline, delivering record
net ticket sales and revenue alongside double-digit growth
in profitability, making good progress in strengthening our
competitive position, and leveraging Al to innovate at pace.

Robust financial performance

Group net ticket sales increased 7% year-on-year" to

£6.3 billion. Revenue grew 2% to £453 million, reflecting
the impact of the previously announced UK commission
rate change. We delivered double-digit adjusted EBITDA
growth, underpinned by operating leverage, our cost
optimisation exercise last year, and ongoing cost discipline.

‘We maintained a disciplined approach to capital
allocation, supporting both strategic investment and
significant returns to shareholders through our enhanced
share buyback programme.

Strengthening our competitive position

UK Consumer

In UK Consumer, we focused on building loyalty and
deepening engagement across our customer base. We
launched Al-powered features under the banner ‘The
Way to Train’ to help customers navigate disruption on
the rail network. We grew our digital railcard user base
16% year-on-year to 2.7 million’, which is notable given
railcard users are typically amongst our most frequent
and loyal customers. Such initiatives are strengthening
customer loyalty and helping to mitigate industry
headwinds, including Transport for London's (TFL)
expansion of contactless travel (Project Oval) and TOCs
self-preferencing their own retail channels.

Self-preferencing occurs where operators offer features
that we are prevented from offering, or market in ways
that we are not allowed to do. These examples highlight
areas where competition is not yet fair and open. Through
our sustained engagement we have made progress to
remove examples where we are discriminated against. The
Government has confirmed our access to all temporary
fares and granted our ability to advertise in stations and on
trains. Furthermore, in March 2026 they announced that,
once GBR is established, passengers will be able to claim
Delay Repay compensation from wherever they purchased
their ticket - including through Trainline. This was a
‘meaningful step forward, however it will take some time for
this change to come into effect. Similarly, we are still unable
to offer customers access to train operator loyalty schemes,
We continue to engage Government stakeholders and the
wider industry to remove these restrictions.

We are also increasing the opportunity to monetise our
18 million customer base in the UK through our range

of ancillary products and services. We have made these
services more prominent and visually engaging within the
App, helping drive strong double-digit growth in hotels
and insurance sales in the UK

International Consumer
In International Consumer, we are actively focusing
‘marketing investment on European high-speed routes
with emerging carrier competition. We saw encouraging
progress on newly competitive routes, particularly in
South-East France where we grew 26% this year following
Trenitalia’s expansion of services.

1. Constant currency "CCY") year-on-year growth calculated for International Consumer and Tranline Solution using prior period average C/E exchange rate

applied to current year reported numbers.

2. Tranline’s digital rallcard user base in the United Kingdom as at 3 january 2026.

\

ia)

°)

‘Docusign Envelope ID: 740A35FC-506D-87FE-82F2-B6ESC97FFSC1

>

Training ple Annual Report & Accounts 2026

cet

‘Our progress in France builds on our learnings in Spain.
‘Spain has been an ideal market to hone our aggregation
playbook and over the past few years we have scaled our
net ticket sales, giving us a considerable lead versus other
market aggregators. While we continue to see runway

for further growth in Spain, this year we evolved our
approach to strike more of a balance between growth and
profitability, including normalising our brand marketing
investment.

With the next wave of liberalisation in Europe set to
commence from late 2027 in Italy and from 2028 in
France, we are well positioned to scale our presence and
capture a growing share of this significant opportunity.

Foreign travel sales reaccelerated in the second half of
the year as we lapped the negative impact of changes to
Google's search results page while also benefiting from
increasing generative Al sales traffic.

Overall, our approach is driving improved profitability and
in FY2027 we expect the International Consumer business
to breakeven’.

Trainline Solutions

Trainline Solutions delivered another strong year,

driven by growth in business travel. 828 Distribution

net ticket sales were up 36%, reflecting strengthening
business travel sales from a growing number of travel
‘management company clients (including Amex GBT,
‘Navan, Perk and Havas). This was particularly evident in
Europe, where International 828 sales through Trainline's
Global API were up 58%.

Leveraging Al to innovate at pace

Our AI strategy focuses on three core areas: Al-enabled
products and features, extending distribution through
emerging Al channels, and Al-enabled acceleration,

Al-enabled products and features
We increasingly use Al to enhance our App user
experience, leveraging first-party data from our 18 million
UK customer base alongside a breadth of industry supply
data. Our new Al-powered features help customers,
navigate disruption on the rail network. Travel Forecast
provides customers with personalised notifications if
their journey is likely to be disrupted. It features a map-
view interface, powered by our Signalbox technology, so
‘customers can see the location of their train in real-

time. Al Travel Assistant is our in-app conversational
support feature, which offers a live native chat function

to customers on the go, with real-time rail travel advice
and agentic tools like refund processing without human
intervention.

Extending distribution through emerging Al channels
Emerging Al channels represent a new way for Trainline to
engage with customers and drive incremental demand for
our products and services. We are the number one cited
rail app in Google Gemini across all our core markets, and
the number one in ChatGPT in all core markets except
France. However, sales traffic from generative engine
optimisation (GEO) remains low, representing less than
1% of International new customers.

We recently launched an integrated app within the
ChatGPT ecosystem. Through ChatGPT, users can now
seamlessly search for routes and compare options - all
within a conversational interface - before completing
their booking within Trainline.

Al-enabled acceleration
Al-enabled acceleration is becoming a core capability,
enabling faster execution, greater agility and more
scalable innovation across the Group. For example, in
Customer Service, we will trial Voice Al, while in software
development, our teams are using Al to support and
accelerate product development and are now shifting
their focus towards scaling Al agent capabilities.

Significant opportunity for growth

At Trainline, our purpose is centred around empowering
greener travel choices. Looking ahead, we see a clear
pathway for growth, Structural tailwinds, including
Increasing rail liberalisation in Europe and growing
demand for more sustainable travel, remain firmly

in place. We are mindful of regulatory and legislative
developments in the UK - where we are engaging

with Government and regulators to deliver on their
commitments for a fair and open retail market. However,
we remain confident in our ability to execute against our
strategy and deliver long-term value for customers and
shareholders.

As this will be my final Annual Report as CEO, I would like
to thank the Board for the opportunity to lead Trainline
cover the past six years,

am proud of what the team has achieved and deeply
grateful to colleagues across the Group whose energy,
resilience and commitment have made this possible.
Together, we have built a stronger, more internationally
diversified business, with a clear platform for continued
growth.

As Trainline enters its next multi-year chapter, I believe
this isthe right time to transition to new leadership,

will work closely with the Board and the team to ensure
a smooth and orderly handover, and I look forward to

seeing the business continue to thrive in the years ahead.

3 im
J

Chief Executive Officer
5 May 2026

1- Intemational adjusted EBITDA including the internal transaction fee paid
{o Trainine Solutions to access Platform One,