EIS

\

FRIDAY

sev

SNOH S3INVaWOO

Company number: 11961!

—
ma

Empowering greener travel choices,
connecting people and places ‘.

‘raining ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Strategic priorities

Growing supply

Aggregating new carriers and routes as markets
liberalise across Europe while further expanding
Trainline's supply of value-saving products

and feature

Enhancing the customer experience
Digitising commuter and short-distance travel
while positioning Trainline as the market aggregator
in Europe.

Building demand
Encouraging rail travel and growing brand
‘awareness in Europe.

Increasing customer lifetime value
Deepening customer relationships, transaction
frequency and monetisation.

Growing Trainline Solutions
‘Supporting our travel partners, leveraging the
strength of Platform One, our single global platform.

Drama

i
i

~

~) Financial highlights

2 saoanmEDENEED

Basic EPS

+80%

Improved to 13.1p,
from 7.3p in FY2024

Adjusted basic EPS

+56%

Improved to 19.2p,
from 12.3p in FY2024

Net ticket sales

+12%

Increased to £5.9 billion,
from £5.3 billion last year

Revenue’

+12% °°

Increased to £442 million
from £397 million last year,
driven by the growth in net
ticket sales

Adjusted EBITDA

+50%

Increased to £159 million, from £122 million in FY2024

Operating profit

+54%

£86 million operating profit vs £56 million in FY2024,
primarily reflecting adjusted EBITDA generation

1. Constant currency PCC OY growth alate International Consumer and Tanne Solutions sing prior pri average GE exchange rate appl current year eported numbers.

Strategic Report }

= 7

Market overview a 5 CFO's financial
x . highlights
th

Our people
and culture

+e==

Tri

line ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

66

Trainline makes it easy for
customers to unlock value
when booking rail travel,
championing a much
greener way to travel.”

Brian McBride
Chair

Empowering greener travel

Strong strategic progress and record operating performance.

Jody and the team have continued to make strong strategic
progress while delivering another record operating
performance. This reflects their resolute focus on the
customer - making it easy for them to unlock value when
booking rail travel - while championing rail as a much
greener way to travel,

Financial and strategic performance

The Board was pleased with the Groupss financial and
strategic performance this year. The Group delivered
record net ticket sales of £6 billion, up 12% vs the prior
year, and revenue of £442 million, also up 12%", while
adjusted EBITDA of £159 milion was up 30% year-on-year.

The Group further progressed against is strategic priorities:
‘growing supply, enhancing the customer experience,
building demand, increasing customer lifetime value and
expanding Trainline Solutions. This year the business
launched a new App homescreen that surfaces the most
relevant route suggestions as well as an Al-powered travel
assistant to provide expert advice and undertake specific
tasks on behalf of the customer.

In Europe, Trainline took further steps to position itself as
the aggregator of choice as markets liberalise, particularly
in Spain, while scaling international B28 sales through

its Global API. You can read more about progress made
against Trainline’s strategic priorities on pages 20 to 25.

Capital allocation

When allocating capital, Trainline priorities investment inits
strategic priorities, which it may supplement with inorganic
investment. At the same time, Trainline manages its debt
position -its leverage ratio was 0.5x LTM adj, EBITDA as at
the end of February - returning any surplus capital thereafter
to shareholders.

In line with its capital allocation framework, in March 2025
Trainline launched a £75 million share buyback programme ~
its third programme to date - following the completion of its
previous programme, also £75 million in quantum.

Championing rail as a greener way to travel

While making it easy for customers to find the best
value tickets, Trainline is also championing rail as a more
environmentally friendly way to travel. This includes the
‘Tcame by Train’ initiative, which raises public awareness of
the benefits of train travel and encourages pride in making
sustainable choices. This year the initiative partnered with a
selection of Premier League football clubs and Glastonbury
to promote more sustainable fan travel by providing
incertives, education, and rewards for those who choose
the train

Trainline also sponsored Spanish football lub, Real Betis,
supporting thelr Forever Greer’ sustainability programme
and emphasising the environmental benefits of travelling
by all

1. Constant currency "CC" oY growth calculated for nternational Consumer and Tranine Solatons using prior period average exchange ote applied to currentyeor

‘eported numbers

‘railing ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

hair's s

Important moment to shape future rail retailing in
the UK

We welcome the unequivocal commitment in the recent
consultation on the Railways Bill to an open, fair and
competitive future retail market under GBR, to drive the
innovation and value customers want. The recognition by the
Government of the fundamental role independent retail will
play is critical and we have set out in our response to their
Consultation how we expect to see strong level playing field
safeguards to deliver it. These are common across other
regulated markets such as telecoms, energy and water and
were recently highlighted as important by the Competition
and Markets Authority

We will continue to advocate strongly into Government
and industry ahead of the Government's response to the
consultation expected in late summer / early autumn
with the introduction of legislation likely to follow shortly
thereafter.

In Europe, the EU continues to prioritise initiatives to enable
the growth of rail travel in Europe, with it being identified
as one of the new EU Commission regulatory priorities, as
it aims to triple passenger high-speed passenger volume
by 2050. Further rail market liberalisation represents a

key unlock for growth, building on the improvements for
customers driven by the Fourth Railway package

Looking ahead

Trainline is well positioned to drive long-term growth and
create value for customers and shareholders. I see huge
growth headroom alongside significant structural tailwinds,
including the digitisation of rail ticketing and liberalising rail
markets in Europe.

I would like to thank the Trainline team for their
continued focus on purpose and strategic goals of the
business this year and for once again delivering a record
operating performance.

7 May 2025

+

We are Europe's most
downloaded rail travel app.
Through our customer-

€éntric, scalable platform,

we are committed to driving

“responsible and sustainable
.. -business growth, by:

2!

\ @ Empowering:
Making it easy for customers to
access a range of value-saving
products across carriers and

journey options - championing
a much greener way to travel

Enhancing:

Leveraging scale, data and
technology to offer a superior
customer experience

Connecting:

Offering carrier partners
distribution and online ret:
services at a lower cost to serve

We erable afllions of cavallars
te unlocks value when beclding call

Wie wats wi ous 20) eth ans aera Coa AES

re Cen 2 counitss GreaEpELe Gis US en) Garey,
Ay botaging ai of soe anepor aeretars amd ara caver
ome an Giiim, we grote wards WH o ge
errey of tesa ant) aeerdh epitome. Ow mere ext

and deo chan teens icy ony ao sy Om
fap cen,

ay ow cert em GOB praenars, Tec Seto
ars aes sappy of sel ear Tare

canes Ge US and entinenteh Ques Grog ow
Guprtaery siete, Wit eased ans prom eam,
un aretie Gian 0 sfity Satins eT CHIAITE
fe lowscosty

Trainlin ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Currencies and multiple
payment methods including
Apple Pay, Google Pay,

PayPal, SOFORT and iDEAL

countries travellechin
and across by Trainling
| customers

| >27

rail and coach companies

of our UK transactions
are through our App

4,8/5

star app rating’

1. oS rating a a¢300062025

International scale

£1 Abn

net ticket sales in
our International
Consumer business

Trainlin ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

experience tin daliveriing
coos cheleo ond

velue tor our 27 million
Customers Sats US epart
from the competition,
be k global tech players

or national ineumisents.”

Jody Ford
ef Executi

A homegrown tech success

FY2025: Record operating performance from Europe’s #1 rail app.

In F¥2025, Trainline delivered a record operating
performance, with net ticket sales of c£6 billion and revenue
of £442 million, both up 12% year-on-year’ (YoY). With
greater scale, the business is increasingly benefiting from
‘operating leverage and an expanding profit margin. AS
result, adjusted EBITDA increased 30% to £159 milion.

At Trainline, we benefit from sizeable headroom and
meaningful structural growth tailwinds. The addressable rail
market across the UK and continental Europe is more than
£€55 billion. Itis set to benefit from increased investment

in high-speed rail and greater consumer awareness of its
environmental benefits.

In addition, new entrant carrier competition is transforming
the European rail market, allowing more customers to
benefit from greater choice and lower prices. We are focused
‘on becoming the aggregator of choice in Europe, particularly
in markets that are liberalising fastest like Spain. With four
carrier brands competing on Spain's high-speed rail network,
we have grown our share of sales on its top five high-speed
routes from 5% to 12% in two years, while our net ticket sales
in Spain has almost tripled over the same period.

With new entrant carrier competition set to meaningfully
‘expand in France and Italy over the coming years, I believe
we can replicate our Spanish success there too. However, it
will not be without challenges. Ths includes industry-wide
changes to the presentation of Googles search engine results,
which suppresses organic search results and therefore
weighs on International Consumer Web sales (which make
up 319 of total International Consumer transactions)

Next year we expect growth to continue, though partly
offset by Transport for London's (TfL's) planned expansion

of their contactless travel zone and the reduction in the UK
commission rate, as announced in March 2022. Factoring in
those headwinds, in FY2026 we expect Trainline to generate
net ticket sales growth in the range of 6% to 9% and revenue
growth in the range of 0% to 3%.

Despite the reduction in UK commission rate in the coming
year, FY2026 adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow broadly in
line with net ticket sales, at a rate of 6% to 99%, as we benefit,
from operating leverage and our cost optimisation exercise.

Progress against our strategic priorities

We focus on five strategic growth priorities, against which we
continue to make good progress:

Growing supply

‘Across our markets we seek to aggregate all carriers,

fares and options into one highly rated mobile App. This is
particularly relevant in International Consumer. While honing
our aggregation playbook, we are creating the virtuous cycle
of the marketplace: as we add more inventory, we become
more attractive for passengers and increasingly relevant

for rail operators, particularly new entrants. In FY2025 we
expanded our supply, integrating SNCF Ouigo’s new services
on the Spanish Southern Corridor, as well as Cercanias
urban and suburban rail travel. We also enhanced our
unique proposition for domestic rail customers, for example
‘becoming the first and only aggregator in France to retail
Pass Rail last summer (youth pass offering unlimited travel
over summer months)

2. Constant currency (CC YOY grout clelted for International Consumer and Trenine olson ung prior period average E/E exchange ate appledo current year

‘reported numbers

©

1

Trantine ple Annusl Report & Accounts 2025

9)

In the UK, we continue to innovate and scale our range

of products and features that unlock value for customers.
‘This includes increasing our digital railcard user base 9% to
2.3 milion. This is notable given railcard users are typically
amongst our most frequent and loyal customers.

Enhancing the customer experience
Trainline continues to enhance the customer experience,
recently launching a new App homescreen with improved
search functionality. This leverages both geo-ocation
technology and machine-learning to surface the most
relevant route suggestions to the customer. The customer
can buy a ticket for one of those journeys in a few clicks. With
the assurance of our on-the-day Best Price Guarantee, this is
making us an increasingly attractive option for short-distance
and commuter travel

Within our on the go travel companion features help them
navigate journey disruption, including real-time alerts and
delay-repay eligibility notifications. We are now supercharging
the mobile App with our new personalised AI Travel Assistant
that gives expert advice and undertakes actions on behalf of
the customers, such as processing refunds.

Building demand

Under our flagship UK brand campaign ‘Great journeys

start with Trainline’, we have focused on telling customers
how they can save 35% on average when booking a journey
through Trainline, including our Best Price Guarantee when
buying tickets on-the-day. In addition, our 1 Came by Train’
initiative partnered with several Premier League football clubs
and Glastonbury to promote the sustainability benefits of ral

In Spain, the most liberalised rail market in Europe, we

are finding innovative ways to grow brand awareness,
including whole train station takeovers, Trainline-branded
music festivals, and most recently sponsoring Real Betis,

a Seville-based football team. Since we launched our first
Spanish brand campaign in summer 2022, prompted brand
awareness has increased from 8% to 31%.

tn
While significantly expanding our customer base in recent
years, we have simultaneously deepened our relationship
with them, growing the frequency in which they engage
with Trainline and thus increasing their lifetime value. We
have grown our UK customer base from 15 milion to 18
milion in the last two years, while monthly active customers
transactions have increased from 2.6 times in FY2023 10 28
times per month in FY2025.

Likewise, in Europe we are deepening our relationship with
customers by encouraging more to download and use our
mobile App. In FY2025, 69% of all customer transactions
within International Consumer came through our App,

up from 62% in FY2024. In Spain, where liberalisation is
most advanced, we are seeing positive signs of customer
engagement, with 54% of customers in FY2025 being
repeat customers.

Having significantly scaled net ticket sales in UK Consumer
and International Consumer, we are now monetising rrore
effectively through value added services that generate
additional revenues. This includes hotels and insurance
products, which combined revenues from more than doubled
year-on-year.

We have taken further steps to support our travel partners,
leveraging the strength of our single global tech platform.

For B28 travel partners, many of the world's largest TMCs and
travel platforms are now connected to our Global API, driving
63% growth in International 828 distribution net ticket sales
this year.

ur IT Carrier Solutions business, which provides white label
online retail solutions to rail carriers, is preparing to bid to
participate in digital pay.as-you-go (dPAYG) trials launching
later this year in Yorkshire and the East Midlands. Our

LdPAYG solution leverages geo-location technology and can
‘offer capabilities beyond traditional tap-in/tap-out systems

~ including real-time pricing visibility, integrated railcard
discounts and support for family travel. These trials represent
2 strategic opportunity to demonstrate the benefits of our
<dPAYG solution in alive environment.

‘Altogether, it has been another year of record operating
performance and strong execution for the business. Im
pleased with the progress we are making and excited for
the significant growth opportunity ahead

Jody Ford
Chief Executive Officer
7 May 2025

Trait ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Trainline operates in a large market
set for long-term growth

Our structural tailwinds

ued shift
to online and
mobile ticketing

©

Growing support
for rail travel

qa &

Increasing carrier

competition in our core
European geographies

lf

Shift to online and mobile ticketing

Industry sales through online channels grew to 57%, up
from 55% in the prior year. Within that, industry eticket
sales increased to 52% in FY2025, up from 47% in FY2024.
However, there remains meaningful headroom for growth,
particularly for short-distance and commute journeys.

Our App is now primed for commuter and on-the-day
travel, including a new App homescreen and our best price
guarantee, assuring customers booking on-the-day that

they wont find cheaper tickets elsewhere. This has helped
grow on-the-day bookings (a proxy for short-distance and
commuter travel), which now represents 69% of UK Consumer
transactions, up from 66% in FY2024,

Eticket penetration in the UK

FY2021

Oe

Driving modal shift with regulation and
significant investments in rail

Governments and businesses continue to recognise that
achieving net zero emissions targets will require a modal
shift to more sustainable travel options.

Governments across Europe are also investing to drive modal
shift to rail as a greener mode of transport.

A strategic priority of the UK Decarbonising Transport plan
is to accelerate modal shift by making public transport “the
natural first choice for our daily activities’. Where the car
remains attractive for longer journeys, they seek to increase
"competition from high-speed decarbonised rail and zero
emissions coaches",

~ — —,
EU target to |
triple the length €55bn |
of the high-speed Estimated size
rail network of the UK and
European rail
by 2050 acre

@

Trainlin ple AnnualReport & Accounts 2025

°8

Increasing carrier compet
European geographies
Trainline operates in an increasingly complex and
fragmented rail market. Major carriers from France,
Italy and Spain are competing in each other's domestic
‘markets and on cross-border routes.

ion in our core

Spait

+ Since 2021, Spain has gone from one high-speed carrier
= the national incumbent Renfe - to now four different
carrier brands competing across its five largest
high-speed routes (represents €1.5 billion in annual
passenger revenues’)

+ Increased carrier competition is benefiting customers,
‘who now enjoy significantly more choice coupled with
lower ticket prices

+ Average fares on the top five high-speed routes have
reduced by 45% compared to 2019 levels, while industry
passenger volumes have increased by almost 80%

() France

+ Trenitalia are due to expand their services on the South
East Network (Paris-Lyon-Marseille) from summer 2025,
with Renfe due to launch services thereafter (represents
over €1 billion in annual passenger revenues')

+ Renfe currently run cross-border services between
Barcelona-Lyon and Madrid-Barcelona-Marseille

Carrier competition set to become
more widespread across key rail routes

Routes

bing evar campeon

Expected cavior competition (announced)

Malaga

Three new carrier brands are due to launch domestic
services from 2027/2028 on several routes across France
{a further €1.5 billion in annual passenger revenues")
+ Le Train to launch services to Bordeaux, Rennes and
La Rochelle-Tours-Nantes from 2027
+ listo planning to launch on Lille, Strasbourg and Lyon
to Paris from 2028
+ Proxima launching on Bordeaux, Rennes, Nantes and
‘Angers to Paris from 2028
Channel Tunnel competition expected to arrive from
2028/2029. Several new entrant challengers are planning
to compete on the lucrative €1.7 billion route’ (Trenitalia-
Evolyn, Virgin and Gemini Trains all announcing plans to
launch competitor services to Eurostar)

Ch og

+ Trenitalia and NTV Italo already compete on the
high-speed network, generating €2.0 billion of
annual passenger revenues’

+ SNCF are set to launch operations in Italy from
2027, becoming the third nationwide competitor

1. OCC analysis and internal estimates.
2. Fuehigh-spee routes in Spain where four caries brands operate services (Madr
Barcelona Magesvalenda Madia-Aeant, Madr Sele and Masia Malaga

basedon CNMC angen internal dat,

1

‘Trailing ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Ga===e)

Liberalised
high-speed routes
create significant
catalyst for growth

Significant headroom opportunity as high-speed routes libe
Trainlne is well placed to scale across Spain, France and Italy as carrier competition becomes
more widespread over the next few years. The three markets today represent an addressable
market of around €17 billion, expected to grow to €23 billion by 2030"

Greater market fragmentation increases complexity for the customer and the need for
‘an aggregator lke Trainline to provide alte carriers and fares in one simple-to-use and
convenient mobile App. By honing our aggregation playbook, we plan to position Trainline as
the aggregator of choice. We can help more customers make the right choice when booking
tickets, while removing friction that can sometimes arise when travelling by train. We believe
this will serve as the catalyst to scale our International business, given liberalised high-speed
rail routes across Spain, France and Italy are estimated to generate c.€12 billion of annual
industry passenger revenues by 2030"

Trainline successfully honing its aggregation playbook in Spain

In Spain, as new entrant carriers entered the market and expanded services to new routes,
we have honed our aggregation playbook. This involves rapialy adding new inventory while
making it easy for customers to find the best value option, building demand and growing
awareness, as well as increasing customer engagement. At the same time, we have begun to
Create the virtuous cycle of the marketplace. As we increasingly add new supply, we become
more attractive for passengers and increasingly relevant for rail operators.

1. ©CRC analysand internal estimates.

Confident we can recreate Spanish success in France and Italy

By positioning ourselves as the aggregator
of choice in Spain, Trainline has grown
significantly on liberalised routes. In
FY2025, Trainline’s share of the top five ‘+ Mobile App that is well developed
high-speed routes increased to 12% on to aggregate new entrant carriers.
average, up from 5% two years prior. This + Arelatively large customer base

has resulted in overall Spanish net ticket (2.6 million in France and 2.1 million
sales almost tripling over the past two in Italy vs 1.2 mittion in Spain).

years to €199 million. + ‘Strong trust scores and relatively good
levels of brand awareness (27% in
France and 41% in Italy), meaning we
do not have to start from a low base,
like we did in Spain a few years ago,

We start in a strong position in France
and Italy, given we have:

With carrier competition expanding
in France and Italy in the coming
years, we plan to increasingly deploy
‘our aggregation playbook in these

markets too.

= Spain qD tealy
wy) toy SD
2030 @@ 2030 @) 25)

Size ofhigh-speed aggregated route in €iions!

O roranesinctrats CO) reeneneton

‘Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

The European Union (EU) has made enabling the growth of
rail travel in Europe a regulatory priority as it aims to triple
high-speed passenger volume by 2050,

Liberalisation of the national rail and coach markets
continues to grow, promoted by a series of European
Commission initiatives aimed at encouraging competition
across Europe's railways and facilitating efficient cross-border
transport systems.

This includes the Fourth Railway Package legislation to open
domestic rail markets in the EU to competition. Independent
retailers facilitate emerging new entrant competition by
aggregating and showcasing the new operators on their
respective platforms.

By 2030

EU goal: 2x high-speed
rail traffic

Scheduled collective travel of under 500km
should be carbon-neutral within the EU

By 2050

EU goal: 3x high-speed
rail traffic

+b

‘The Commission is developing regulation for digital ticket
booking to help meet its growth and environmental goals.
The regulation aims to drive competition by addressing the
challenges posed by incumbent rail operators and improving
‘consumer experiences in multimodal travel, including
enhanced transparency and remediation for disrupted
journeys. Debate on the scope of the regulation remains in
early stages but is expected to expressly include obligations
for a fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory approach
toward ticket distribution.

Working towards green mobility

‘The Commission's European Green Deal established a goal
of becoming climate-neutral by 2050 and included a
commitment to a rethink of EU policies for clean energy

in the transport sector.

Digital Markets Act

In March 2025, the European Commission sent two sets of
preliminary findings to Alphabet for failing to comply with
the Digital Markets Act (OMA), informing Alphabet of its
preliminary view that certain features and functionalities of
Google Search treat Alphabet's own services more favourably
compared to rival ones, thus not ensuring the transparent,
fair and non-discriminatory treatment of third-party services
as required by the DMA. This is an important step to ensure
accountability for large companies like Google and secure
long-term market stability and contestability across Europe.

@

©

=
a

‘Trailing le Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Regulatory and political environment

nS
iy UK:

‘The UK Government has enacted legislation to nationalise
the rail operators, with private operators to be brought into
public ownership over the next few years as their DIT service
contracts lapse.

In February 2025, the UK Government began an industry
consultation on the Railways Bill as its next step to establish
GBR as an arms-length governing body. Within the wide-
ranging consultation the Government clarified that - once
GBR is established following legislation ~it intended to
gradually replace the 14 train operator retail website and
apps with a single public sector retail website and app.

‘The Government was unequivocal in its commitment to a fair,

open and competitive future rail retail market, recognising
the ‘fundamental role’ that independent retailers play

in driving innovation and attracting more customers to
the railway.

Alongside other independent retailers, Trainline is taking an
increasingly assertive stance with the Government to deliver
on its commitment to a fair, open and competitive future
retail market. Itis a case made strongly in our response
submitted to the consultation on the future market and

in parallel we are actively challenging where operators
self-preference their own channels today.

{At the highest level, we expect level playing field safeguards
for independent retailers. Such safeguards, highlighted as.
important by the Competition and Markets Authority in its
‘own public response, are typically seen in other regulated
‘markets in the UK, including within the telecoms, water and
energy sectors.

We expect the outcome of the public consultation to be
published in late summer / early autumn, followed shortly
thereafter by the beginning of the legislative process.

Scaling Europe’s #1 rail platform

As Europe’s leading independent
rail platform, Trainline enjoys
significant benefits of scale.

We understand the travel needs and patterns of our
customers in over 40 countries through our B2C
and 828 channels with around 136 million visits to
our platform each month,

Brand
Alltickets, Strong brand
fares and affinity and
falue-saving
features

We earn a commission and fees on

B2C ticket sales. We also generate

revenue from advertising and ancillary

services such as travel insurance

and multi-currency

---

performanc

Adjusted basic
earnings per share’ (p)

19.2
23
77
SBSRE
Description

Adjusted basic EPSis profitorloss
after tax forthe year, excluding
‘exceptional items, amortisation
lof acquired intangibles, any gain
fon repurchase of convertible
‘bonds, and share-based payment
charges together with the tax
impact of these ters, divided by
the weighted average number of
ordinary shares.

Performance
[Adjusted basi earnings per share
‘was 19.2 pence, up from 12:3
pence in the prior year.

Trait

1 ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Net debt
(em)
100
83
64
SBERE
Description

Net debtis a measure used
by the Group to measure the
overall debt position after
‘aking into account cash held
by the Group.

Performance
Net debtincreased to £83
milion 3 at 28 February 2025,
{rom £64 millon ia the prior
year, electing the Group
‘epurchasing £89 millon of
shares during FY2025.

Operating free
cash How? (Em)

no
i)
8
a
A
A
38 é
e
Description
Oper ree cs ows
Cangetrad footing

‘activities adding back exceptional
items, and deducting cashflow in
‘elation to capital expenditure.

Performance
‘Operating free cash flow was
E110 millon, up from £91 milion
inthe prior year.

UK industry eticket
penetration (%)

82
47
43
vss
Description

Internally calculated value of
ticket sales as a percentage of
total ralticket sales value fr the
Uk allindustry,

Performance
In FY2025,eticket penetration
increased to 52%, from 47% in
the prior year

On-the-day travel
share of transactions -

UK Consumer (%)
69
66
62
ERERE
Description

‘Onthe-day bookings asa
percentage of total gross
{ransactions over the year
for UK Consumer.

Performance
‘The percentage of ontheday
Uvansactions in UK Consumer

increased to 69%, rom 66% in
the prior year.

App share of

International (%)

69
62
54

FY2025
FY2024

Description
(Gross transactions through the
mobile App as a percentage of

total goss transactions over the
year for International Consumer.

Performance
‘The percentage of transactions
that went through the Trainine
mobile App increased to 69%,
from 62% in the prior year.

{

Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

financial high -

66

Trainline delivered a
record performance,
while benefiting from
operating leverage.”

Peter Wood
Chief Financial Officer

Record operating performance

£5.9bn

F202.

\ Net ticket sales

5.3bn

Adjusted EBITDA

£159m

FY2024: £122m

Revenue

£442m

FY2024: £397m

Basic ear

13.1p

FY2024: 7:3p

gs per share

Group overview
Group net ticket sales increased to €5.9 billion, 12% higher
year-on-year (YoY), within Trainline's previously upgraded
FY2025 guidance range. The drivers of net ticket sales growth
are provided for each business unit below.

Increased net ticket sales helped Group revenue grow
1296" (11% on a reported basis) to £442 million, also within
Trainline's previously upgraded guidance range. Gross profit
grew by 15% to £352 milion.

‘Adjusted EBITDA increased £37 million or 30% YoY to £159,
million, outpacing net ticket sales and revenue growth given
the benefit of operating leverage in both marketing and
people-related costs. Adjusted EBITDA was 2.69% of net
ticket sales, exceeding our guidance, reflecting the benefits
of operating leverage.

UK Consumer
Net ticket sales grew 13% to £3.9 billion, This reflected the
continued market shift towards digital tickets, with industry
eticket penetration increasing from 47% to 52% of ticket
sales in FY2025, as well as a reduced impact from strikes than
inthe prior year.

Revenue grew 12% to £208 million. Increasing non-
commission revenues, including insurance and hotel
bookings, helped largely offset the dilutive effect of
proportionally faster growth in shorter-distance travel
{commuter and on-the-day bookings), which generates
relatively lower rates of revenue than longer-distance travel,

Gross profit grew 219 to £147 million outpacing revenue
growth primarily given a reduction in the rate of fulfilment
that Trainline pays to the industry when a customer uses

a barcode ticket. Adjusted EBITDA of £88 million was 36%
higher, reflecting the benefit of operating leverage.

1. Constanecutency YY growth calculated fr lteatona Consumer and inne Slutons using pric period average E/E exchange rate applied tocurent year

‘ported numbers

@

anline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

International Consumer

Net ticket sales of £1.1 billion were 4% higher year-on-year
‘ona constant currency basis. Spain, which represents c.15%
of International net ticket sales and has most widespread
carrier competition, grew 41%. France and Italy (.70% of
the International portfolio) were broadly flat as we await
the arrival of further carrier competition. Germany and the
rest of Europe (c.15% of International) are out of scope for
marketing investment and were down 6%,

Net ticket sales growth continued to be led by Trainline’s
‘mobile App, which in FY2025 represented 69% of
International Consumer transactions, up from 62% in
FY2024. However, additional industry-wide changes to

the presentation of Google's search engine results further
suppressed organic search results while increasing the
prominence of paid adverts, which in turn has weighed
‘on Web sales. The impact was most felt in foreign travel
sales, which declined -2% YoY. However, we are proactively
responding to these changes. This includes bringing
customers direct to our Website and App, investing in
brand and doubling down on our owned channels such as
‘CRM, and increasingly using affiliates and partnerships,
particularly for foreign travel.

Revenue was £53 million, growing 12% YoY on a constant
currency basis, outpacing net ticket sales given a step

up in ancillary revenues, primarily hotel bookings. Given
seasonality this was particularly evident in H1, with revenue
Up 16% year-on-year on a pre-internal transaction fee basis,
while in H2 growth was fiat year-on-year.

Gross profit increased 9% to £34 million. Adjusted EBITDA
loss was -£20 million (vs -£20 million last year). Excluding
the internal transaction fee, adjusted EBITDA was £2 million
(vs -£1 million loss last year).

Trainline Solutions

Net ticket sales grew 20% to £941 milion. 828 Distribution

---

4:

£42 million).

Share-based payment charges of £21 million, reflecting
the costs of our all-employee share incentive plan

(F¥2024: £23 million),

Exceptional items of £9 million, reflecting the costs to
deliver £12 million in annual cash savings from the group's,
previously communicated cost optimisation exercise which
was carried out in H2 FY2025,

Fraes 2024 Change from PY
fm em Se (constant currency)

Net ticket sales

UK Consumer 3912 3,469 +1386 +13%

International Consumer 1,055 1,041 1% 44%

Trainline Solutions oat 785 +20% 20%

Total Group 5,907 5,295 412% 112%

Revenue

UK Consumer 208 185 +12% 12%

International Consumer 53 49 9% 412%

‘Trainline Solutions 181 163 +1196 +1286

Total Group 442 397 119% 412%

Gross profit

UK Consumer 107 122 21%

International Consumer 34 3 o%

Trainline Solutions m 182 12%

Total Group 352 305 15%

‘Adjusted EBITDA 159 122 30%

Operating profit 86 56 54%

~

°

Profit after tax

Profit after tax was £58 million, up 72% year-on-year. Profit
after tax reflected operating profit of £86 million, net finance
charges of £5 million, and a tax charge of £23 million. The
effective tax rate of 28% was above the UK corporation tax
rate, primarily due to losses in overseas entities that are not
recognised for deferred tax.

Earnings per share (EPS)

Adjusted basic earnings per share was 19.2 pence vs 12.3
pence in FY2024, Adjusted basic earnings per share adjusts
for exceptional one-off items in the period, any gains on the
repurchase of convertible bonds, amortisation of acquired
intangibles, and share-based payment charges, together
with the tax impact of these items.

Basic earnings per share was 13.1 pence vs 7.3 pence
in FY2024,

Outlook for FY2026

Trainline enjoys significant long-term growth opportunites,
including a large and growing rail market, growing
awareness of the environmental benefits of train travel

and the continued shift towards digital ticketing, There are
clear signs of new entrant carrier competition expanding in
Europe too, with liberalised high-speed routes across France,
Italy and Spain expected to be worth €12 billion by 2030. This
should provide the conditions required for Trainline to scale
it positions itself as the market aggregator. In addition,
the business travel market in UK and European ral is
estimated to be worth c.€6 billion, giving Trainline significant
headroom to grow its 828 offering too.

While the Group remains focused on its long-term growth
priorities, in FY2026 we expect some headwinds as previously
announced. This includes Transport for London's (TFs)
phased expansion of their contactless travel zone and the
‘ongoing impact from Google's changes to its search engine
results page. In addition, recent global macroeconomic
uncertainty may impact foreign travel. As a result, Trainline
‘expects net ticket sales growth in the range of 6% to 9%

for FY2026.

Statement of financial po:

Frans ree
fm tm

Non-current assets 315 332

‘Cash and cash equivalents 7 91

Other current assets 6 59

Current iabites 205) (222) (38%

Non-currentliabilties 72) (148) 51%

Net assets and total equity 23 312 on)

‘AS we first announced in March 2022, the commission rate
in the UK reduces from April 2025'. As a result, we expect
revenue growth to be slower than net ticket sales, in the
range of 0% to 3% for FY2026. Despite that, we expect
adjusted EBITDA to grow broadly in line with net ticket sales,
at a rate of 6% to 99%, as we benefit from operating leverage
and our cost optimisation exercise. Assuming adjusted
EBITDA grows in line with net ticket sales, this implies
adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net ticket sales at
2.69%, at the top end of our previous guidance range for
FY2026 (of 2.6% to 2.756)

Total net assets at the end of FY2025 were £283 million,
a slight decrease from £312 million in FY2024

Net current liabilities increased to £(160) million from
£(72) milion in FY2024. This was predominantly driven
by an increase in short-term borrowings as well as a
slightly lower cash balance reflecting the Group's share
buyback programme.

Non-current liabilities reduced to £(72) million compared
to £(148) million in F¥2024, with our convertible bond
approaching maturity.

Net debt was £83 million at the end of February 2025, up
from £64 million in February 2024. The Group’ leverage
ratio was 0.5x adjusted EBITDA (Feb 24: 0.5x; Feb 23: 1.2%)
This primarily reflected the generation of positive operating
free cash flow in FY2025, offset by £89 million of share
repurchases as at the end of February 2025.

Cash flow

Operating free cash flow was £110 million, up 20% year-on-
year. Operating free cash flow constituted adjusted EBITDA
of £159 million, partly offset by capital expenditure of £43
million, which reflected the Groups ongoing product and
technology investment, and a working capital outflow of
£7 million.

7 May 2025

1. Taine estimates 025% netreduction commission ate, effective | Apt 2025, resulting from a0 SH reduction nthe base 82 online sales commission rte,
rom Sto 4, and an offetting removal of central industry cost of 02m Ths change was irs announced in arch 3022 snd confirmed in May 2023

‘railing ple Annus Report & Accounts 2025

At Trainline, we adopt a robust risk management strategy to ensure we
continue to grow our business in a sustainable way, achieve our objectives
and provide value to our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.

Roles and responsibilities

The Trainline Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility
for the risk management programme and internal controls.
The Board is also responsible for assessing events and
circumstances which could threaten Trainline’s current and/or
future strategy, business operations or business model, and
for providing guidance and advice to our Management Team
on navigating risks.

The Board also sets the tone for risk management, the risk
culture, as welt asthe context for how decisions are made
when evaluating risks. The Board is supported by the Group,
through Trainlines Management Team and the Audit and Risk
‘Committee to review, report on and manage risks. During our
‘annual strategy planning process as well

---

tallising over the assessment period.
None of the scenarios modelled include any mitigating
actions. The viability assessment considered whether

the covenant requirements, as disclosed in Note 1 to the
Financial Statements, would be met in all applicable periods.

ks on the long-term viabi

ity of the Group.

Sensitivities applied
The sensitivity scenarios applied were as follows:

Scenario1

+ Market-based sensitivity, based on a reduction of 15%
of forecast EBITDA due to decreased sales arising from
the impact of a number of factors such as the impact
of increased competition and decreased consumer
spending power

Link to principal risks: all

Scenario 2

+ 20% additional marketing spend with no upside in
sales/revenue

k to principal risks: Macroeconomic and external
market conditions; Competitive landscape

Conclusion

Scenario 3

+ £10 million additional capex in each year with
‘no upside in sales/revenue

Link to principal risks: Technology operations
and security; People; Competitive landscape

Scenario 4

+ Data breach in FY2027, resulting in reduced
revenue, compliance fines and ongoing increased
TT security costs

Link to principal risks: Technology operations
and security; Compliance; Regulatory and
political environment

The Group is forecast to meet covenant requirements in all periods in which they are applicable under the base case and
under all scenarios considered. The Group has sufficient cash reserves to draw down on as needed, as well as the RCF which
has headroom to draw down further as at the date of signing of this Annual Report and Financial Statements. The convertible
bbond is due to be repaid in January 2026 and intial extension of RCF is due to expire in November 2026. We have considered
this as part of our assessment. The Board confirms that ithas a reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to
continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the next three years.

---

or ‘Open’ approach to explore and develop new product,
innovations or to take advantage of commercial opportunites.

Major

mitigation

of Trainine's principal risks
igh

Moderate

Moderate
stgniesnee

Key
© Regulatory and political environment
© Macroeconomic and external
market conditions
© Technology operations and security
© compeutive landscape
© People
© compiance

van ” @ supply and partnerships

signicance

2)

|

‘Trainline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

We aim to maintain a’Minimalist’ and ‘Cautious’ approach
to risks related to the management of our key systems

and data, We take a risk ‘Averse’ approach to minimise our
exposure with regards to any risks related to our regulatory
‘and compliance requirements and risks that may damage
our reputation or brand.

Risk assurance

(Our risk assurance is based on the ‘Three Lines of Defence’
model. This governance model describes and defines
ownership and accountability of how various business
functions within Trainline work together to proactively
manage risks. Day-to-day responsibilities for risk
management lies with functional Risk and Control Owners.
The relevant management teams and risk committees
provide second line guidance, oversight, and challenge
within the risk management process.

Group Internal Audit delivers risk-based audits in the third
line to provide independent assurance on the effectiveness
of mitigating controls.

Though our risk management process is an ongoing effort,
‘our enterprise risks are formally assessed bi-annually as.
part of dedicated risk workshops with Risk and Control
‘Owners. These workshops provide challenge and validation
{as to the completeness and prioritisation of functional
risks and if these are assessed and scored in line with

our ERM framework.

‘A summarised view of risks is provided to the IRC, which is.
chaired by the Group's CFO and is composed of senior risk
‘owners with direct oversight of the Group's seven Principal
Risks, The IRC meets on a bi-annual basis and is tasked to

review, calibrate and map out the Group’ risk landscape.

A formal update is then presented to the Board.

‘The Audit and Risk Committee runs periodic risk ‘deep dives’
as part of which each of our Principal Risks is specifically
reviewed and discussed with the key Risk and Control
‘Owners. These ‘deep dives’ provide a more in-depth view

of the existing and planned mitigating actions around our
Principal Risks.

Emerging risks

Other than Trainline’s Principal Risks, the Board also
considers potential emerging risks and their impact on our
operations. As per our ERM framework, we define emerging
risks as uncertainties that may materialise over the next 12 to
18month time horizon. Such risks are inherently difficult to
quantify, but as part of our horizon-scanning activities at the
IRC, we ensure that these potential longer-term uncertainties
are proactively identified and discussed.

"Regulatory and political environment 17]

Statu

he UK Government has set out proposals to create Great British Railways (GBR) the public body to unify train operating companies (TOCs) and the rail network. Its currently

Consulting on the Railways Bill and has set out the intention to gradually consolidate existing TOC online retail into a single website and App. Ithas made an unequivocal commitment
to a fair, open and competitive retail market and the fundamental role of independent retail. We will take an increasingly assertive approach to the specification of level playing field
protections, common across regulated markets. In the EU, we continue to support the legislative agenda for further rail liberalisation and the development of regulation to improve

‘customer experience in multimodal travel.

Description of risk

How we monitor and mitigate the risk

‘Trainline’s operations could be affected by policy and
legislative changes enacted by governments and
regulators.

Link to strategy:

@e

Link to Strategic Priorities

Enhancing the
BBP cow urn Serres

($ vute sens

Trainline recognises the importance of developing strong and effective relationships with governments and industry partners.
The Corporate Affairs team proactively engages with UK and EU wide governments, institutions and carrier partners as part
of a structured programme of stakeholder engagement. That structured programme will intensify in the UK around the GBR
programme as it moves through the legislative process over the next 12 months. As part of our growing business in European
markets, we also proactively engage with key stakeholders at European Union institution and Member State levels. For more

information on our regulatory landscape, see page 11

‘Our engagement is coordinated within our overall communication and brand positioning to present a coherent message to
our audiences and industry stakeholders. We also continue to network, organise and sponsor industry events and knowledge-
sharing sessions e.g, through our proprietary data insights. By doing this we ensure Trainline’s external operating environment

‘remains as supportive as possible of our ambitions.

(Ely Seong inne
Partner Solutions

Increase customer
lifetime value

Risk Change

EB trcrease (0B vecrease nochange

©

Teanline ple Annual Report & Accounts 2025

2. Macroeconomic and external market conditions i—}

Status: Though inflationary and interest rate pressures have continued to ease as compared to prior periods across our principal markets in the EU and the UK, the ongoing adverse
economic conditions may continue to negatively impact the rail industry, the travelling public and consequently our financial performance.

Description of risk

How we monitor and mitigate the risk

Adverse economic conditions may impact the spending
power of our customers and may therefore affect our
financial results.

Link to strategy:

‘ur Executive Team continues to closely monitor and assess the potential impact of geopolitical trends and macroeconomic
pressures on the business. Detailed and timely metrics are in place around customer and corporate travel spend and trends.
We monitor passenger numbers and sales trends as well as numerous economic and fi