Y trainline

Europe’s leading
independent
rail platform

Trainlne ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

—\
~

Strategic Report
01 Highlights

(02 Chair's statement

05 Ataglance

06 CEO's statement

08 Sustainabilit

11 Market overview

18 Business model

22 Ourtechnology

24 Strategy

32 indicators
34 ighlights
7 ity statement

38 Principal risks and uncertainties
47 Our people and culture
52. TCFD and SASB disclosures
59 Stakeholder engagement
& section 172 statement

Governance

63 Chair's governance statement

64 Governance structure

66 Our Board of Directors

70. Report of the Nomination Committ
72 Report of the Audit and Risk Committee
76 Directors remuneration report

89. Directors’ report

92. Statement of Directors responsibilities

(0) Visit our investor site for more

information on Trainline:
investors.thetrainline.com

— o- o—
Strategie Report Governence Financial Statements

Financial Statements

93 Independent auditors report

103 Consolidated income statement

103 Consolidated statement of other
comprehensive income

104 Consolidated balance sheet

108. Consolidated statement of changes
inequity

106 Consolidated statement of cash flow

107 Notes to the Group Financial Statements,

188 Alternative performance measures

140 Parent Company balance sheet

141 Parent Company statement of changes
inequity

142 Notes tothe Parent Company
Financial Statements :

01 Traintine ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Highlights

Highlights FY2023

Strategic highlights

Enhancing the customer experience
Digitising commuter experience while positioning
Trainline as the market aggregator in Europe.

Building demand

Increased marketing investment to drive up
customer demand and grow brand awareness,
particularly in Europe.

Increasing customer lifetime value
Deepening customer relationships by scaling
digital railcards in UK while growing mobile app
usage in Europe.

Growing Trainline Solutions

Took further steps to support our travel partners,
leveraging the strength of Platform One, our
single global platform.

Financial highlights

Net ticket sales

+72%

Increased to £4.3 billion, rom £2. billion
last year, with International Consumer becoming
2 €1billion business.

Revenue

+74%

Recovered to £327 million from £189 million last
‘year primarily given the growth in net ticket sales.

Adjusted EBITDA

+£47m

Increased to £86 milion, from £39 million in FY2022.

Strategie Report Governance

+
Financial Statements

Operating profit

+£38m

£28 million operating profit versus a £10 million
loss in FY2022, primarily reflecting adjusted
EBITDA generation

Basic EPS

+7.0p

Improved to 4.5p, from a 2.6p loss in FY2022.
Adjusted basic EPS

+8.5p

Improved to 77p, from a 0.8p loss in FY2022.

oz

Annual Report and Accounts 2028

Chair’s statement

Encouraging more
people back to

train travel

Trainline has played a leading role in
supporting the industry recovery and
promoting greener travel.

When I wrote last year I explained how Trainline had
played a leading role in the ral industry's recovery from
the significant disruption of Covid-19. Since then, the
industry has faced new challenges, primarily industrial
disputes in the UK and more recently in France.

Despite those temporary headwinds, Jody and his
team delivered a record operating performance and
made significant progress against Trainline's strategic
priorities. This performance reflects a team and
organisational culture centred around a core purpose:
to promote more environmentally sustainable travel
choices. Looking ahead, the business is set for further
strong growth as it shifts more people to greener travel,

——o o-
Governence Financial Statements
Financial and strategic performance

The Board was pleased with the Group's financial
and strategic performance in FY2023. The Group
delivered record net ticket sales of £4.3 billion,
up 72% versus the prior year and up 16% versus
F¥2020 (pre-Covid-19 year). Adjusted EBITDA
increased £47 million YoY to £86 million, despite
the impact of industrial action outlined above.

The Group made further good progress against

its strategic priorities, enhancing the customer
experience, building demand, increasing customer
lifetime value and growing Trainline Solutions.

This included good headway in optimising the
commuter ticketing experience in the UK, and
positioning Trainline as the aggregator in Europe,
particularly on routes where new entrant carrier
competition is emerging. You can read more about
progress on Trainline'’s strategy this year and our
future priorities on pages 24 and 25.

05 Traintne ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

Chair’s statement

at the centre of a
decarbonised transport network

believe Trainline has a key role to play in
encouraging greater use of ral. Trainline will
continue to do that by leading on product
innovation and digital marketing, However,

we also want to lead the industry agenda on
sustainability. This year we launched the I Came
by Train initiative, which seeks to increase the
public's awareness of the relative benefits of train
travel while forming cross-industry collaboration
to put rail at the centre of a decarbonised
transport network. You can read more about

the I Came By Train initiative on page 10.

Bradshaw Address
In the Bradshaw Address in February, the new
Secretary of State for Transport, Mark Harper,
said Great British Railways (GBR) would be run
2s an arm's length body to develop the guiding
strategy for rail, while placing greater emphasis
cn the role of the private sector in running the
railways. He highlighted new passenger service
contracts for rail carriers with commercially
driven targets and supporting more direct
carrier competition in the form of hew open
access operators.

Looking ahead

‘The business is well positioned to drive long-
term growth and create value for customers
and shareholders. Trainline is set for further
strong performance in the year ahead despite
‘ongoing industrial action.

‘As I look out longer term, I see huge growth
headroom for the business and significant
structural tailwinds. Tailwinds include:
continued recovery in the rail industry with
growing awareness of its environmental
benefits, a continuing shift to online and,
‘mobile ticketing, new carrier competition in
European rail, and the return of foreign travel.

I would lke to thank the team at Trainline
for their continued drive and perseverance
over the challenging past few years. They
have continued to prioritise the needs of
our customers and remained focused on
delivering our strategic goals.

Brian McBride

Chair
4 May 2023

Strategie Report Governance Financial Stat

+ o- o—

66

As | look out longer

term, | see huge growth
headroom for the business
and significant structural
tailwinds”

Brian McBride, Chair

04, Trainine ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2025

o-

-0-
Strategie Report Governance Financial Statements

We empower greener travel choices,
connecting people and places

We believe in creating more environmentally
friendly travel choices — with rail offering a
greener alternative to air and car.

We are the leading independent rail platform
in Europe. Through our customer-centric,
scalable platform, we are committed to .
driving responsible and sustainable business
growth, by:

Empowering:
Making it easy for customers ti

8,
fares, and journey options - championing
a much greener way to travel

Enhancit
Leveraging scale, data and technology
to offer a superior customer experience

Connecting: *
Offering our carrier partners global
distribution at a lower cost to serve

05 Trainline ple

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Strategie Report

At a glance

Governance Financi

Statements

We are Europe’s leading independent

rail platform

We enable millions of travellers to find and book the best We work with more than 270 rail and coach companies across >40 countries.

value tickets across carriers, fares, and journey options
through our highly rated Trainline mobile app, website,

‘Through our broad range of carrier partners we cover over 80% of rail routes in Europe.

and B2B partner channels. By bringing all of the major carriers and new entrants onto one platform, we provide travellers
with an unrivalled set of journey options, Our smart technology and data-driven features help our

customers to stay one step ahead.

For our carrier and B2B partners, Trainline Solutions offers access to a huge supply of rail carrier
inventory across the UK and continental Europe through our proprietary platform. With tested and
proven technology, we enable them to offer best-in-class customer experience at low cost.

270+

teil and coach companies

10

currencies and multiple payment methods including
Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal, SOFORT and iDEAL

87%

of UK transactions are through our app

>40

countries travelled in and across by Trainline customers

55m

cumulative app downloads

€1 billion

net ticket sales in our International b

« -0- 0-

‘Annusl Report and Accounts 2023 Stratogle Report Governance Financial Statements

CEO’s statement

Building strong momentum

Record operating performance
Following the significant impact of Covid-19 on rail travel, this year
industry passenger volumes continued to recover across.

our core markets,

Trainline delivered a record operating performance as we
encouraged people back on to the train and further enhanced their
experience when booking and managing travel. However, this was
not without some headwinds, including industrial action in the

Uk and France in FY2023, and some macroeconomic uncertainty,
which has continued into FY2024, Despite these effects, Trainline
still expects continued strong growth in FY2024, following a
positive start to the year: net ticket sales growth YoY in the range
of +13% to +22%; revenue growth YoY in the range of +13% to
+22%; and adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net ticket sales

in the range of 2.159% to 2.25%.

Looking further ahead, structural tailwinds provide Trainline

with significant and long-term growth opportunities. Rail is

already a large market and is set to benefit from significant

capacity éxpansion across Europe and & growing awareness of
snmental benefits. Furthermore, the ongoing market,

transition to digital ticketing offers significant upside opportunity,

as does market liberalisation in Europe, with growing carrier

competition confirming our position as the leading

‘market aggregator.

Strategic progress

We are making good progress against our strategic
Priorities as we position ourselves as the market
‘aggregator for European rail while further digitising
the rail retailing experience in the UK.

Enhancing the customer experience
In the UK, we continued to prime our mobile app to
better serve the commuter market, enabling Trainline

to double its share of the commuter market in just two
years. We offered an increasingly full suite of ticket types
in digital format, roling out digital season tickets to
twelve train operators, and we recently launched Quick
Buy to reduce the time to purchase repeat tickets.

In International Consumer, we positioned ourselves as
the aggregator for newly liberalised routes, offering
customers ail the carriers, fares and journey options in
cone place. In Spain, where liberalisation is happening
most quickly, we expanded our supply of new entrants,
integrating Iryo while adding new routes for SNCF Ouigo.
Our aggregation proposition is helping Trainline grow

in Spain, with net ticket sales four times higher than
FY2020 (pre-Covid-19 and before the arrival of carrier
competition). On the Madrid-Barcelona route, Trainline
sales transactions doubled YoY in Q4 C¥2022 vs. a 35%
increase in overall passenger volume.

In Italy, we further customised our aggregator offering,
launching Trenitalia discount codes and shortening the
‘minimum time customers can book ahead of departure
on Trenitalia/Italo. Carrier competition is expected to

07 Trainline ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

‘CEO's statement continued

ramp up with the announced entry of the
low-price SNCF Ouigo trains from 2026,
giving further opportunity to leverage
our aggregation proposition.

Building demand

In F¥2023, we increased marketing
investment to drive up customer demand
and grow brand awareness of our value
proposition. In the UK, we increased active
customers by 58% Yo3Y. We launched a brand
campaign focused on value for money to
illustrate how customers who book through
Trainiine can save money.

In Europe, we continued to refine our
digital marketing strategy, launching brand
campaigns in aggregated markets to grow
overall awareness. In Italy, app downloads
were 13% higher than incumbent Trenitalia.

We also increased net ticket sales by 879
for higher-margin foreign travel, particularly
customers from the US.

Increasing customer lifetime value
While growing our customers, we also
deepened our relationship with them,
increasing the frequency with which,
they transact through Trainline.

In the UK, c.50% of active monthly customers
‘are now transacting 2+ times a month, up
from 42% in FY2020, reflecting a step up

in commuter and shorter distance tickets
sold through Trainline. We continued to
scale digital rallcards, an important way to
bring lower prices to many customers, with
1.8million active digital railcard customers

at the end of FY2023.

In Italy, our most mature aggregated
European market, we increased the sales mix
of shorter-distance, regional journeys, despite
those routes having no carrier competition.

Growing Trainline Solutions (TS)

In FY2023, we took further steps to support
our travel partners. For Carrier IT Solutions,

in the UK we signed contract extensions with
‘Train Operating Companies (TOCs) ScotRail
and CrossCountry, and signed up third-party
retailer Trainhugger as a new client. In Europe,
regional sales for our first Carrier IT Solutions
partner NTV Italo went lve in July, having
signed @ multi-year deal earlier in the year.

Within Global Distribution and Business
Solutions, we signed up more B28 customers
to our Global API, notably including CWT,
Agiito, and Havas Voyages (the largest

TMC in France).

66

‘Strategie Report

International Growth Plan

In November 2021, Trainline announced plans
to step up our investment in our International
‘Consumer business to accelerate its growth,

In F¥2023, the International Consumer
business surpassed €1 billion of net ticket,
sales for the first time, reflecting our
progress to date,

Looking forward, we are refining our
investment plan to accelerate growth in the
rail markets where we have the strongest
customer proposition today (see below). In
France, where market liberalisation remains
nascent, we will continue to invest in UX and
performance marketing, but will manage
brand investment to coincide with the future
arrival of widespread carrier competition.

o- ©
Governance Financial Statements

We will prioritise:

+ Domestic travel in European markets with
widespread carrier competition, primarily
Spain and Italy. Together, these rail
‘markets are worth €6 billion per annum.

By positioning Trainline as the marketplace
of choice for European rail travel, we

are well placed to significantly scale our
international business in Italy and Spain.
‘over the medium term

Foreign travel into Europe: represents
inbound customers from the US, the

UK and the rest of the world, as well as
intra-EU cross-border travel. This isa large
addressable market, worth €4 billion, and
is high margin, and generates double-digit
percentage revenues of its respective net
ticket sales

(nee
vere

Chief Executive Officer
4 May 2023,

Our team continued to deliver this year, innovating
and improving the customer experience”
Jody Ford, Chief Executive Officer

Sustainability

Purpose driven sustainability

Travelling by rail creates 86% less CO, emissions than air travel and
70% less CO, emissions per passenger than travelling by car.

What sustainability means to us
Empower people to make greener

travel choices

Environmental sustainability is fundamental to
‘our purpose. Through our technology and data,
we make rail travel easier, empowering people
to make travel choices that are better for the
environment.

Rail offers travellers a greens alternative to flying
0F driving, creating 86% less CO; emissions than
air travel and 70% less CO; emissions compared
with car travel, per passenger. It can move
millions of people quickly and cleanly for leisure
or business, across countries and continents,

We believe we have a key role to play in,
supporting the rail industry, businesses, and
governments in meeting their emissions targets.
Our cross-functional sustainability team is
dedicated to encouraging modal shift; promoting
rail as a more sustainable way to travel; and
reducing the impact on the climate from our

‘own operations.

Strategie Report

—o- ©-
Governance Financial Statements

The external context

UK and European governments have continued
to encourage modal shift to rail and increase
their investment in rail in order to meet their net
zero emissions goals. The EU is targeting a 55%
reduction target for CO; emissions by 2030, and
the UK has a reduction target of at least 78% by
2035 and a legally binding target to reach net
zero by 2050.

Cars and planes create 58% of the UK's
transport CO; emissions, whereas the entire

rail network creates less than 19, The UK
Decarbonising Transport plan highlights rail

as “the greenest form of motorised transport”.
It sets a target of achieving net zero greenhouse
{gas emissions from trains by 2050, through
increased electrification of the rail network

and introduction of new technologies such

as hydrogen-powered trains.

We are already seeing the impact of this transition
to ral in the UK, for example, with Lumo carrying
‘one million passengers between Edinburgh and,
London since its launch, resulting in rail now
being the favoured mode of transport between
the two cities.

09 Trainline ple
‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Sustainability continued

The external context continued

Similarly, in Europe, cars and planes create
7496 of transport CO; emissions, and the
entire rail network adds up to less than 1%.
‘The EU Commission has highlighted rail

as playing a key role in the EU becoming
climate-neutral by 2050. It targets the
doubling of high-speed rail traffic by 2030
and a tripling of high-speed rail by 2050.
Third-party ticket vendors such as Trainline
have been identified as having a key role to
play in the delivery of elements of this plan.

In the last year, European governments have
taken further steps to encourage modal shift
from cars and planes to rail to achieve their
carbon reduction targets. France introduced
a ban on internal short-haul fights, those
under two and half hours, which was formally
validated by the European Commission in
December 2022. KLM is also encouraging
passengers to take the train rather than

fly on some short-haul flights as the Dutch
‘government cuts the number of flights

from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to

{cut air pollution.

Product and promotion

Our aim is to empower people to make
greener travel choices, driving a modal
shift that benefits people and the planet.
Trainline has a key role to play in engineering
the travel habits of the future and enabling
people to choose the most sustainable
transportation option.

Trainline supported the launch of Came
By Train, to promote the sustainability of
rail and encourage people to take action to
reduce their carbon footprint, and followed
this with the launch of a white paper on how
the rail industry can encourage more people
to choose rail.

We have continued to launch green product
features and make emissions information
‘more accessible and transparent to allow
customers to better understand and reduce
the carbon impact of their journey and
continue to build awareness around the
benefits of using rail and coach instead of car
or plane, We also introduced digital season
tickets alongside our existing digital railcards
to reduce non-recyclable ticket waste and also
made it possible to book bicycle reservations
‘on trains through our product, further
encouraging modal shift.

e-
Strategic Report

‘What we're doing internally

In September 2021, through the Science
Based Targets initiative (SBT), we committed
to set an SBTi-aligned net zero target,
achievable no later than 2050, and to reduce
emissions from our own operations (Scopes

118 2) in line with a 1.5°C scenario and from
‘our value chain (Scope 3) in line with the Well-
Below 2°C scenario. We also signed up to the
Business Ambition for 1.5°C and UNFCC Race
to Zero campaigns.

Since then, we have modelled both our near-
term and long-term science-based targets
and created a robust reduction strategy which
we intend to submit to the SBTi in 2023 which
will include a complete annual greenhouse
gas inventory of our full value chain.

Governance

Statements

‘Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Case study

| Came By Train

‘Most people dont realise that transport is the
‘number one contributor to the UK's carbon
emissions. But climate change has become

2 problem so overbearing that many people
feel too overwhelmed to change their lifestyle
and try to make a difference.

So how do you get a nation to realise that
simply switching a plane or car journey to rail
is the biggest and easiest way to address the
climate crisis and their personal footprint? By
switching the narrative from ‘fight shaming’

to ‘train bragging’.

‘October 2022 saw the launch of I Came By
Train, a campaign designed to drive rail as a
‘more sustainable way to travel and create a
feeling of pride in choosing rail

As part ofthe campaign, Trainline worked
with singer-songwriter Craig David to
produce Better Days, a song about the
importance of nature and taking care of
the environment. Supported by billboards,
ight projections and murals, the campaign
highlighted the many reasons why people
should be proud to say I Came By Train. We
also encouraged action via social media by
asking people to simply pledge to switch

a journey from plane or car to rail via the
1Came By Train website.

In February 2023, we brought together
experts from the rail, sustainability and

tech sectors for the launch of the I Came By
Train white paper, which called for industry

stakeholders to build an alliance to help more

people choose ral, by promoting its ease,
efficiency and sustainability, and thereby
creating a mass movement from car and
plane to rail

9?
Strategie Report Governence Financial Statome

66

Sustainability can be rail’s secret
weapon for creating growth”
Jody Ford, Chief Executive Officer