Directorate change Trainline PLC 24 June 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION ​ 24 June 2026 Trainline plc ("Trainline" or the "Company") Ian Brown appointed Trainline plc CEO Trainline plc ("Trainline", the "Company" or the "Group"), Europe's leading independent rail travel platform, today announces the appointment of Ian Brown as its next Chief Executive Officer. He will assume the role and join the Board as an Executive Director with effect from 28 September 2026. Ian has extensive experience leading global consumer and technology businesses. Most recently, he was Chief Executive Officer of the UK & Ireland division of Flutter Entertainment Plc, where he delivered sustained double-digit growth and strengthened its market position. Prior to this, he was Chief Executive Officer of ANS Group and, previously, Chief Executive Officer of the Trips Business Unit at Booking.com. Brian McBride, Chair, said: "I am pleased to welcome Ian to Trainline as our new Chief Executive Officer, following a comprehensive search process. Ian brings a strong track record in scaling digital platforms and marketplace businesses, with significant experience in online travel. I look forward to working closely with Ian to build on the momentum Trainline has generated as Europe's leading rail app. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to thank Jody for his leadership and exceptional contribution to Trainline. Under his tenure, the Company has delivered significant growth, strengthened its market position and built strong foundations for future success." Ian Brown, commented: "Trainline has built a strong customer proposition by continually innovating to make rail travel easier for millions of people across the UK and Europe. It is a business with real purpose, scale and significant opportunities ahead. I am delighted to be joining it and look forward to working with the Board and colleagues across the business to build on its strong track record and deliver the next phase of growth." Ian will join Trainline on 7 September 2026 to support an orderly transition with Jody Ford. There is no further information required to be disclosed pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.8R. Notes to the Editors Remuneration The remuneration arrangements for Ian Brown will be in accordance with the Directors' Remuneration Policy approved by shareholders at the 2026 AGM. Full details of his remuneration arrangements will be disclosed in the Directors' Remuneration Report for the financial year ending 28 February 2027. This announcement contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 of assimilated Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 on market abuse as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Trainline is Martin McIntyre, Company Secretary. Enquiries For investor enquiries, Becky Edelman investors@trainline.com For media enquiries, Nichola Johnson-Marshall press@trainline.com Brunswick Group Simone Selzer trainline@brunswickgroup.com +44 207 404 5959 About Trainline Trainline ( www.trainline.com ) is the leading independent rail and coach travel platform selling rail and coach tickets to millions of travellers worldwide, enabling them to seamlessly search, book and manage their journeys all in one place via its highly rated website and mobile app. Trainline is a one‐stop shop for rail and coach travel bringing together millions of routes, fares and journey times from rail and coach carriers across Europe. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trainline (TRN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago AstraZeneca 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Ocado Group 1 hour ago ActiveOps 2 hours ago B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and