The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention, modified as required for the measurement of certain financial instruments, as well as on a going concern basis. Despite operating in a continuously difficult economic and financial environment negatively impacted by the effects of current macroeconomic and geopolitical issues, supply chain issues and global logistic constraints, energy and material availability and relevant price variability, the Group’s assessment is that no material uncertainties (as defined in paragraph 25 of IAS 1) exist about its ability to continue as a going concern, in view also of the measures undertaken by the Group to preserve cash and contain costs and to

The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is presented using the indirect method. It should be noted that Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities refer to the flows generated or used by the core business of Industrial Activities, only. The Group believes that this approach provides more focus and transparency to the reader of the Financial Statements on its principal revenue/producing activities. Furthermore, cash flows generated or used by the core business of Financial Services are included in Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities. The Group assessed that this approach better reflects the role of Financial Services as a support function to Industrial Activities, offering financing products to wholesale and retail customers. This is consistent with the overall approach adopted in the presentation of the key financial metrics, focusing on the performance of the Industrial Activities (including its operating segments/Business Units) separated from the supporting activities performed by Financial Services. In particular, the item “Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities” primarily includes the transactions where Financial Services support the core business of Industrial Activities. These financing transactions relate to wholesale financing granted to Industrial Activities dealers for the settling of related trade receivables, net of the cash received by Financial Services from the dealers’ repayment of financing transactions.

33. Explanatory notes to the statement of cash flows The statement of cash flows sets out changes in cash and cash equivalents during the year. As required by IAS 7 - Cash Flow Statements , cash flows are separated into operating, investing and financing activities. The effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents are shown separately under the line item Translation exchange differences. The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is presented using the indirect method. It should be noted that Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities refer to the flows generated or used by the core business of Industrial Activities, only. The Group believes that this approach provides more focus and transparency to the reader of the Financial Statements on its principal revenue/producing activities. Furthermore, cash flows generated or used by the core business of Financial Services are included in Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities. The Group assessed that this approach better reflects the role of Financial Services as a support function to Industrial Activities, offering financing products to wholesale and retail customers. This is consistent with the overall approach adopted in the presentation of the key financial metrics, focusing on the performance of the Industrial Activities (including its operating segments/Business Units) separated from the supporting activities performed by Financial Services. In particular, the item “Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities” primarily includes the transactions where Financial Services support the core business of Industrial Activities. These financing transactions relate to wholesale financing granted to Industrial Activities dealers for the settling of related trade receivables, net of the cash received by Financial Services from the dealers’ repayment of financing transactions. The Group presents supplemental discussion and disclosure regarding the statement of cash flows for the purpose of additional analysis. Items discussed below are reflected within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows either on an aggregate or net basis, and accordingly have been discussed further as set forth below. The cash flows for income tax payments net of refunds in 2024 amounted to €159 million (€123 million in 2023 ). Total interest of €367 million was paid and interest of €284 million was received in 2024 (interest of €304 million was paid and interest of €273 million was received in 2023 , respectively). Operating activities Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities mainly derive from the Group’s main revenue producing activities. Cash generated from the sale of vehicles under buy-back commitments, net of amounts included in Profit/(loss) for the period, is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes changes in working capital, capital expenditure, depreciation and impairment losses. Cash from operating lease is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes capital expenditure, depreciation, write- downs and changes in inventory. Changes in working capital for 2024 and 2023 are summarised as follows: (€ million) 2024 2023 Change in trade receivables (110) (91) Change in inventories (254) (86) Change in trade payables 153 367 Change in other receivables/payables 213 103 Change in working capital 2 293

28. Segment reporting The segment information disclosed in these Consolidated Financial Statements reflects the identifiable reporting segments of the Company and the financial information that the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) reviews to assess performance and make decisions about resource allocation. The segments are organised based on products and services provided by Iveco Group.

32. Related party transactions In accordance with IAS 24 – Related Party Disclosures , Iveco Group’s related parties are companies and persons capable of exercising control, joint control or significant influence over the Group. As of 31 December 2024 and 2023 , related parties included Iveco Group’s parent company E xor N.V

Iveco Group N.V. is a global automotive leader that, through its various businesses, designs, produces and sells trucks, commercial vehicles, buses and defence vehicles, in addition to a broad portfolio of powertrain applications. In addition, Iveco Group's Financial Services segment offers a range of financial products and services to dealers and customers. See Note 28 "Segment reporting" for additional information on Iveco Group's segments.

BASIS OF PREPARATION These consolidated financial statements together with the notes thereto of Iveco Group at 31 December 2024 (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) were authorised for issuance by the Board of Directors of Iveco Group N.V. on 5 March 2025 and have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The designation IFRS also includes International Accounting Standards (IAS), as well as all interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC).

Basis of consolidation Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including: ▪ the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee ▪ rights arising from other contractual arrangements ▪ the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights. The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Non-controlling interests in the net assets of consolidated subsidiaries and non-controlling interests in the profit or loss of consolidated subsidiaries are presented separately from the interests of the owners of the parent in the consolidated statement of financial position and income statement respectively. Losses applicable to non-controlling interests which exceed the non-controlling interests in the subsidiary’s equity are debited to non-controlling interests. Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the equity attributable to owners of the parent and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the book value of the non-controlling interests and the fair value of the relevant consideration is recognised directly in the equity attributable to the owners of the parent. If the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the relevant consideration and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. Any profits or losses recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of the subsidiary are accounted for as if the subsidiary had been sold (i.e. are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred directly to retained earnings depending on the applicable IFRS). Subsidiaries that are either dormant or generate a negligible volume of business, are not consolidated. Their impact on the Group’s assets, liabilities, financial position and profit/(loss) attributable to the owners of the parent is immaterial.

Joint ventures A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method from the date that joint control commences until the date that joint control ceases.

Associates Associates are enterprises over which the Group has significant influence. As defined in IAS 28 – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures , significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method from the date that significant influence commences until the date that significant influence ceases. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate, if any, exceeds the carrying amount of the associate in the Group’s statement of financial position, the carrying amount is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred obligations in respect of the associate.

Investments in other companies Investments in other companies are measured at fair value. With reference to equity investments for which there is no quoted market price in an active market and there is insufficient financial information in order to determine fair value, cost is used as an estimate of fair value, as permitted by IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments . The Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income upon the initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held to sell. This election is made on an investment-by- investment basis. Dividends received from these investments are included in Other income/(expenses) from investments unless they are basically a repayment of the initial investment (in case of investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income).

Foreign currency transactions Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the foreign exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated at the exchange rate prevailing at that date. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on reporting monetary items at rates different from those at which they were initially recorded during the period or in previous financial statements, are recognised in profit or loss. Consolidation of foreign entities All assets and liabilities of subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the euro are translated using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate for the period. Translation differences resulting from the application of this method are classified as equity until the disposal of the investment. Average rates of exchange are used to translate the cash flows of foreign subsidiaries in preparing the consolidated statement of cash flows. The goodwill, assets acquired and liabilities assumed arising from the acquisition of entities with a functional currency other than the euro are recognised in the functional currency and translated at the exchange rate at the acquisition date. These balances are subsequently retranslated at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. The Group applies IAS 29 - Financial reporting in hyperinflationary economies for its subsidiaries that prepare their financial statements in a functional currency of a hyperinflationary economy. According to this standard, at the reporting date, the amount of non-monetary assets and liabilities is redetermined using a general price index before being translated into euro. The financial statements of these subsidiaries are then translated at the closing spot rate.

Business combinations Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Under this method: ▪ the consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred and liabilities assumed by the Group and the equity interests issued in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred

goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount of any non-

any contingent consideration arrangement in the business combination is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the

Fair value measurement Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value at the balance sheet date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. Additional information about fair value, fair value hierarchy, valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of assets and liabilities is provided in Note 18 , Note 31 and, where required, in the individual notes relating to the assets and liabilities whose fair value were determined. In addition, fair value measurements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety: ▪ Level 1 — quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date ▪ Level 2 — inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices) on the market

Intangible assets Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Development costs Development costs for vehicle production project (trucks, buses, defence vehicles and engines) are recognised as an asset if and only if both of the following conditions are met: a) development costs can be measured reliably, b) the technical feasibility of the product, volumes and pricing support the view that the development expenditure will generate future economic benefits, and c) the intention to complete the intangible asset, as well as d) the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources for this purpose. Capitalised development costs include all direct and indirect costs that may be directly attributed to the development process. Capitalised development costs are amortized on a systematic basis from the start of production of the related product over the product’s estimated average life, as follows:

Property, plant and equipment Cost Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment. Subsequent expenditures and the cost of replacing parts of an asset are capitalised only if they increase the future economic benefits embodied in that asset. All other expenditures are expensed as incurred. When such replacement costs are capitalised, the carrying amount of the parts that are replaced is recognised in profit or loss. Property, plant and equipment also include assets sold with a buy-back commitment, which are recognised under the method described in the paragraph “Revenue recognition”. Depreciation Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows: Depreciation rates Buildings 3% - 10% Plant, machinery and equipment 8% - 25% Other assets 12% - 30% Land is not depreciated.

Lease accounting policy Lessee accounting A lease is a contract that conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset (the leased asset) for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The lease term determined by the Group comprises the non-cancellable period of lease contract together with both periods covered by an option to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option. For real estate leases, this assessment is based on an analysis by management of all relevant facts and circumstances including the leased asset’s purpose, the economic and practical potential for replacing and any plans that the Group has in place for the future use of the asset. The Group combines lease and non-lease components. For leases with terms not exceeding twelve months (short-term leases) and for leases of low-value assets, Iveco Group recognises the lease payments associated with those leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term as operating expense in the income statement. For all other leases, at the commencement date (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use), Iveco Group recognises a right-of-use asset, classified within Property, plant and equipment, and a lease liability, classified within Other Debt.

Borrowing costs Bo rrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets (as defined under IAS 23 – Borrowing Costs ), which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised and amortized over the useful life of the class of assets to which they refer.

Impairment of assets The Group reviews, at least annually, the recoverability of the carrying amount of intangible assets (including capitalised development costs) and property, plant and equipment, in order to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. Goodwill and Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually or more frequently, if there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If indicators of impairment are present, the carrying amount of the assets is reduced to its recoverable amount that is the higher of its fair value less disposal costs and its value in use. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In assessing its value in use, the pre-tax estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is recognised when the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. Where a previous impairment loss for assets other than goodwill no longer exists or has decreased, the carrying amount of the asset or cash- generating unit is increased up to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but not in excess of the carrying amount that would have been recorded had no impairment loss been recognised. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately.

Presentation Financial instruments held by the Group are presented and measured in the financial statements as described in the following paragraphs. Investments and other non-current financial assets comprise investments in unconsolidated companies and other non-current financial assets (securities, and other non-current financial receivables). Current financial assets include trade receivables, receivables from financing activities (retail financing, dealer financing, lease financing and other current loans to third parties), current securities and other current financial assets (which include derivative financial instruments stated at fair value as assets), as well as cash and cash equivalents.

Financial liabilities refer to debt, which includes asset-backed financing, and derivative liabilities (which include derivative financial instruments

Cash and cash equivalents include cash at banks, units in liquidity funds, other money market securities and other cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Money market securities consist of investments in high-quality, short- term, diversified financial instruments that can generally be liquidated on demand and are measured at FVTPL. Cash at banks and Other cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost.

Derivatives financial assets and liabilities are measured either at fair value through other comprehensive income (when in a hedging relationship) or at fair value through profit or loss (refer to "Derivative financial instruments" below). Financial assets and liabilities hedged by derivative instruments are measured in accordance with hedge accounting principles applicable to fair value hedges: gains and losses arising from remeasurement at fair value, due to changes in the respective hedged risk, are recognised in profit or loss and are offset by the effective portion of the loss or gain arising from remeasurement at fair value of the hedging instrument. Derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are used for hedging purposes, in order to reduce currency, interest rate and market price risks. In accordance with IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments , derivative financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting only when, at the inception of the hedge, there is formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship and the entity’s risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, there is an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from the economic relationship, and the hedging ratio in the hedging relationship reflects the actual quantity of the hedging instruments and the hedged item. Further details on qualifying criteria are included in Note 18 “Derivative assets and derivative liabilities” and Note 30 “Information on financial risks”. When derivative financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting, the following accounting treatment applies: ▪ fair value hedges – where a derivative financial instrument is designated as a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect profit or loss, the gain or loss from remeasuring the hedging instrument at fair value is recognised in profit or loss. The gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk adjusts the carrying amount of the hedged item and is recognised in profit or loss

Transfers of financial assets The Group derecognises financial assets when the contractual rights to the cash flows arising from the assets are no longer held or if it transfers the financial activities, as follows: ▪ if the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it derecognises the financial asset and recognises separately as assets or liabilities any possible rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer ▪ if the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it continues to recognise the financial asset ▪ if the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it determines whether it has retained control of the financial asset. In this case: ▪ if the Group has not maintained control, it derecognises the financial asset and recognises separately as assets and liabilities any possible rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer ▪ if the Group has retained control, it continues to recognise the financial asset to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial asset. On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the consideration received or receivable for the transfer of the asset is recognised in profit or loss.

Inventories Inventories of raw materials, semi-finished products and finished goods (including assets leased out under operating lease) are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first-in-first-out (FIFO) method. Cost includes the direct costs of materials, labour and indirect costs (variable and fixed). Provision is made for obsolete and slow-moving raw materials, finished goods, spare parts and other supplies based on their expected future use and realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs for sale and distribution.

Assets and liabilities held for sale Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be principally recovered through a sale transaction rather than thro

---

.... 244 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ........................................................................................... 245 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS ....................................................................................................... 247 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ........................................................................................... 249 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...................................................................................... 250 COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024 ............................................................................................... 325 INCOME STATEMENT ................................................................................................................................................ 326 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ...................................................................................................................... 327 NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................................................................... 328 OTHER INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................................................... 351 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ..................................................................................................................................... 352 LIMITED OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON THE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT .......................... 361 Iveco Group N.V. Corporate Seat: Amsterdam, the Netherlands Principal Office and Business Address: Via Puglia n. 35, Turin, Italy Share Capital: €3,454,589.70 (as of 31 December 2024 ) Chamber of Commerce of the Netherlands: reg. no. 83102701 Board of Directors and Auditor 2 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND AUDITOR BOARD OF DIRECTORS (a) INDEPENDENT AUDITOR Chairperson Deloitte Accountants B.V. Suzanne Heywood Chief Executive Officer (b) Olof Persson Senior Director Lorenzo Simonelli (1)(*) Directors Judy Curran (1)(*) Tufan Erginbilgic (2)(3)(*) Essimari Kairisto (1)(*) Linda Knoll (2)(3)(*) Alessandro Nasi (2)(3) (1) Member of the Audit Committee (2) Member of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee (3) Member of the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Committee (*) Independent Director (a) As appointed by the Annual General Meeting held on 17 April 2024. (b) Mr. Gerrit Marx has been Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board until 30 June 2024. Mr. Olof Persson succeeded Mr. Gerrit Marx as Chief Executive Officer, effective 1 July 2024. Disclaimer Statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this document, including competitive strengths; business strategy; future financial position or operating results; budgets; projections with respect to revenue, income, earnings (or loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, liquidity, capital structure or other financial items; costs; and plans and objectives of management regarding operations and products, are statements. These statements may include terminology such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “could”, “should”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “outlook”, “continue”, “remain”, “on track”, “design”, “target”, “objective”, “goal”, “forecast”, “projection”, “prospects”, “plan”, or similar terminology. statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and/or are outside the Company's control. If any of these risks and uncertainties materialise (or they occur with a degree of severity that the Company is unable to predict) or other assumptions underlying any of the statements prove to be incorrect, including any assumptions regarding strategic plans, the actual results or developments may differ materially from any future results or developments expressed or implied by the statements. Factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements include, among others: the continued uncertainties related to the unknown duration and economic, operational and financial impacts of ongoing and/or threatened international conflicts and geopolitical tensions; supply chain disruptions and global logistic constraints, including, industry capacity constraints, supplier viability issues, material availability and relevant price volatility; increased vulnerability to cybersecurity or data privacy incidents, also due to potential massive availability of Generative Artificial Intelligence; the many interrelated factors that affect consumer confidence and worldwide demand for capital goods and capital products, including demand uncertainty caused by current macroeconomic and geopolitical issues; changes in government policies regarding banking, monetary and fiscal policy; legislation, particularly pertaining to capital issues such as the environment, debt relief and subsidy program policies, trade and commerce and infrastructure development; government policies on international trade and investment, including sanctions, import quotas, capital controls and tariffs; volatility in international trade caused by the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, and trade wars; actions of competitors in the various industries in which we compete; development and use of new technologies and technological difficulties; the interpretation of, or adoption of new, compliance requirements with respect to engine emissions, safety or other aspects of our products; production difficulties, including capacity and supply constraints and excess inventory levels; labour relations; interest rates and currency exchange rates; inflation and deflation; energy prices; our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt; price pressure on new and used vehicles; the resolution of pending litigation and investigations on a wide range of topics, including dealer and supplier litigation, follo

---

penses and items. ▪ Free Cash Flow of Industrial Activities (or Industrial Free Cash Flow): refers to Industrial Activities, only, and is computed as consolidated cash flow from operating activities less: cash flow from operating activities of Financial Services; investments of Industrial Activities in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets; as well as other changes and intersegment eliminations. ▪ Net Cash (Debt) and Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities: Net Cash (Debt) is defined as total Debt (including debt payable to CNH deriving from financing activities and sale of trade receivables) plus Derivative liabilities, net of Cash and cash equivalents, Derivative assets and other current financial assets (primarily current securities, deposits and investments towards rating counterparties) and financial receivables from CNH deriving from financing activities and sale of trade receivables. Iveco Group provides the reconciliation of Net Cash (Debt) to Total (Debt), which is the most directly comparable financial measure included in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position. Due to different sources of cash flows used for the repayment of the debt between Industrial Activities and Financial Services (by cash from operations for Industrial Activities and by collection of financing receivables for Financial Services), management separately evaluates the cash flow performance of Industrial Activities using Net Cash (Debt) of Industrial Activities. Board Report Operating and Financial Review 172 ▪ Available Liquidity: is defined as cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, undrawn unsecured committed facilities, other current financial assets (primarily current securities, deposits and investments towards rating counterparties), and financial receivables from CNH deriving from financing activities and sale of trade receivables. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The operations, and key financial measures and financial analysis, differ significantly for manufacturing and distribution businesses and financial services business; therefore, for a better understanding of its operations and financial results, the Company presents the following tables providing the Consolidated Income Statement of Iveco Group split between Industrial Activities and Financial Services. Industrial Activities represents the activities carried out by Truck, Bus, Defence and Powertrain business units, as well as the holding company Iveco Group N.V., that also provides centralized treasury services, and Fire Fighting business unit (classified as Discontinued Operations). Data included in this section reflects the new reporting structures as released by Iveco Group during its 2024 Capital Markets Day. Comparative data has been represented to conform to the current year's presentation. Discontinued Operations - Fire Fighting Business On 13 March 2024, Iveco Group and Mutares SE & Co. KGaA announced the signing of a definitive agreement for the transfer of ownership of Magirus GmbH and its affiliates performing Fire Fighting business. The transaction was completed on 3 January 2025. According to IFRS 5 – Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, as the sale became highly probable in March 2024, the Fire Fighting business met the criteria to be classified as a disposal group held for sale; it also met the criteria to be classified as Discontinued Operations, according to the assessment made by Iveco Group. This assessment required judgement and was primarily based on the fact that the Fire Fighting business was managed as a separate Business Unit, having its own President who, until the transfer of the Business Unit on 3 January 2025, was a member of the Senior Leadership Team like any other Business Units’ Presidents. The classification of the Fire Fighting business as Discontinued Operations gave the readers a clear picture of the past financial performance of the remaining Group (Continuing Operations), concurrently with the presentation of the new Strategic Business Plan for the remaining Group during the Capital Markets Day held on 14 March 2024, the day after the announcement of the agreement for the transfer. That presentation of the Fire Fighting business has resulted in the following: ▪ the operating results of the Fire Fighting business have been excluded from the Group’s Continuing Operations and are presented as a single line item "Profit/(Loss) from Discontinued Operations, net of tax" within the Consolidated Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 (the latter presented for comparative purposes). In order to present the financial effects of the Discontinued Operations, revenues and expenses arising from intercompany transactions were eliminated except for those revenues and expenses that are considered to continue after the disposal of the Discontinued Operations. Eliminations from transactions between Continuing and Discontinued Operations have been allocated in full to Discontinued Operations. However, no profit or loss has been recognised for intercompany transactions within the Consolidated Income Statement ▪ the assets and liabilities of the Fire Fighting business have been classified as Assets held for sale and Liabilities held for sale within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position at 31 December 2024, while the comparative amounts at 31 December 2023 have not been reclassified ▪ all cash flows arising from the Fire Fighting business have been presented separately in the appropriate items as Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, respectively, from Discontinued Operations within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 (the latter presented for comparative purposes). These cash flows represent those arising from transactions with third parties. According to IFRS 5, when assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale, they are required to be measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. This measurement treatment resulted in the recognition of a loss of €144 million (€145 million before tax)

---

and Financial Review 184 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The following discussion of liquidity and capital resources primarily focuses on the Group’s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the Group’s Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. The Group’s operations are capital intensive and subject to seasonal variations in financing requirements for dealer receivables and dealer and company inventories. Whenever necessary, funds from operating activities are supplemented from external sources. Iveco Group, focusing on cash preservation and leveraging its good access to funding, continues to maintain solid financial strength and liquidity. See sections "Risk Factors" and "Industry Overview", for additional information concerning risks related to the Group’s business, strategy and operations. Cash Flow Analysis The following tables present the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities by activity for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 . As previously disclosed, on 13 March 2024, Iveco Group and Mutares SE & Co. KGaA announced the signing of a definitive agreement for the transfer of ownership of Magirus GmbH and its affiliates performing Fire Fighting business. The transfer was completed on 3 January 2025. According to IFRS 5 - Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations , as the sale became highly probable in March 2024, the Fire Fighting business met the criteria to be classified as a disposal group held for sale and discontinued operations. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, 2023 figures have been represented consistently. In particular, in accordance with IFRS 5:33, Profit/(loss) from Continuing Operations does not include the loss of €144 million (€145 million before tax) on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell deriving from the disposal of the Fire Fighting business. Board Report Operating and Financial Review 185 2024 (€ million) Industrial Activities (1) Financial Services Eliminations Consolidated CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 2,447 251 — 2,698 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Profit/(loss) from Continuing Operations for the year 443 95 — 538 Amortisation and depreciation (excluding assets sold under commitments and operating leases) (a)(b) 674 4 — 678 (Gains)/losses on disposal of assets (excluding assets sold under commitments) (a) (20) — — (20) Other items 7 (8) — (1) Dividends received 136 — (116) (2) 20 Change in provisions 242 (14) — 228 Change in deferred income taxes (92) (4) — (96) Change in items due to commitments (a) (15) 1 — (14) Change in operating lease items (b) (1) (28) — (29) Change in working capital (c) (49) 51 — 2 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 1,325 97 (116) 1,306 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (108) — — (108) TOTAL 1,217 97 (116) 1,198 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Investments in: Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (excluding assets sold under commitments and operating leases) (a)(b) (932) (7) — (939) Consolidated subsidiaries and other equity investments (7) — 7 (3) — Proceeds from the sale of assets (excluding assets sold under commitments) (a) (8) (3) — (11) Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities (c) (64) 527 — 463 Net (cash used in)/proceeds from other current financial assets 43 — — 43 Other changes 659 (534) — 125 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (309) (17) 7 (319) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 35 — — 35 TOTAL (274) (17) 7 (284) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Change in debt and derivative assets/liabilities 256 (35) — 221 Capital contributions (168) 7 (7) (3) (168) Dividends paid (91) (116) 116 (4) (91) Purchase of treasury shares (60) — — (60) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (63) (144) 109 (98) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 166 — — 166 TOTAL 103 (144) 109 68 Translation exchange differences (58) — — (58) TOTAL CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 988 (64) — 924 Less: Cash and cash equivalent at end of the year - included within Assets held for sale at end of the year 109 — — 109 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS AT END OF THE YEAR 3,326 187 — 3,513 (a) Cash generated from the sale of vehicles under commitments, net of amounts included in Profit/(loss), is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes changes in working capital, capital expenditure, depreciation and impairment losses. (b) Cash from operating lease is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes capital expenditure, depreciation, and changes in inventory. (c) It should be noted that Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities refer to the flows generated or used by the core business of Industrial Activities, only. The Group believes that this approach provides more focus and transparency to the reader of the Financial Statements on its principal revenue/producing activities. Furthermore, cash flows generated or used by the core business of Financial Services are included in Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities. The Group assessed that this approach better reflects the role of Financial Services as a support function to Industrial Activities, offering financing products to wholesale and retail customers. In particular, the item “Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities” primarily includes the transactions where Financial Services support the core business of Industrial Activities. These financing transactions relate to wholesale financing granted to Industrial Activities dealers for the settling of related trade receivables, net of the cash received by Financial Services from the dealers’ repayment of financing transactions. (1) Industrial Activities represents the enterprise without Financial Services. Industrial Activities includes Truck, Bus, Defence and Powertrain business units, as well as the holding co

---

ded by Net Revenue. Free Cash Flow of Industrial Activities (or Industrial Free Cash Flow): refers to Industrial Activities, only, and is computed as consolidated cash flow from operating activities less: cash flow from operating activities of Financial Services; investments of Industrial Activities in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets; as well as other changes and intersegment eliminations. CO 2 Emissions Reduction % (“CO 2 Reduction %”): The CO 2 emissions reduction will measure the percentage change of the CO 2 Emissions levels at the end of the respective performance periods versus the baseline at the end of 2019. The absolute CO 2 emissions is measured in tons of CO 2 eq emissions in the manufacturing processes from Scope 1 and Scope 2 sources as defined: ▪ Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources ▪ Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy Gender Balance: Year over Year % improvement of women in office roles and above. Relative Total Shareholder Return (Relative TSR): is the annualised rate of return, reflecting stock price performance (adjusted for dividends paid) over the cumulative performance period of the respective annual grants, using a 30-day average. Iveco Group N.V.’s Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is compared to the TSR of the comparator group, to determine the percentile ranking over the Performance Period. Board Report Major Shareholders 239 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS As of 31 December 2024 , the Company’s issued share capital amounted to €3,454,589.70 and was divided into 271,215,400 Common Shares (264,333,778 Common Shares outstanding, net of 6,881,622 Common Shares held in treasury by the Company) and 74,243,570 Special Voting Shares (74,172,390 Special Voting Shares outstanding, net of 71,180 Special Voting Shares surrendered to the Company following the de- registration of the corresponding Qualifying Common Shares from the Loyalty Register and which are held as treasury shares by the Company) as described in Note 21 “Equity” of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following table sets forth information with respect to ownership of the Company’s share capital of 3% or more as of 31 December 2024 based on public regulatory filings by direct and indirect shareholders and other sources available to the Company. Holder Number of Common Shares held Number of Special Voting Shares held Percentage of overall issued shares held (1) Percentage of total voting rights (2) Giovanni Agnelli B.V. (3) 73,385,580.00 73,385,580.00 42.49 % 43.36 % Norges Bank 21,980,948.00 (4) — 6.36 % 6.49 % (1) For the purpose of this column of the table, the percentages refer to both the Iveco Group Common Shares and the Iveco Group Special Voting Shares (2) For the purpose of this column of the table, the percentages refer to both the Iveco Group Common Shares and the Iveco Group Special Voting Shares. The percentages of the total voting rights are calculated based on the number of issued shares excluding treasury shares, since no voting rights may be exercised for any share held by the Company. (3) Held via Exor N.V. (4) Based on regulatory filings with the AFM, on 19 July 2022, Norges Bank held (i) directly (actual) 19,567,544 Common Shares and (ii) directly (potential) 2,413,404 Common Shares. No change was filed thereafter. The Company’s Common Shares are listed on the Euronext Milan. They are accepted for clearance through the facilities of Monte Titoli S.p.A. which has its offices at Piazza degli Affari 6, Milan, Italy. The Special Voting Shares are neither listed nor tradable and are transferable only in very limited circumstances and only together with the Common Shares to which they are associated (see section "Governance Statement" of the present Report). Board Report Subsequent Events and Financial Guidance 240 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AND FINANCIAL GUIDANCE SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Iveco Group has evaluated subsequent events through 5 March 2025, which is the date the Consolidated Financial Statements were authorised for issuance, and noted the following: ▪ on 3 January 2025, Iveco Group transferred the full ownership of Magirus GmbH and its affiliates performing firefighting business (“MAGIRUS”) to Mutares SE & Co. KGaA, as per the terms of the agreement signed on 13 March 2024, subject to contractual price adjustments primarily reflecting MAGIRUS’s actual business performance during 2024 ▪ on 7 February 2025, the Board of Directors of Iveco Group N.V. announced that, in view of the different trends in the commercial vehicles and defence markets, and the increasingly different requirements for the success of both businesses, the Board is considering separating Iveco Group’s Defence business, comprising the IDV and ASTRA brands and related activities, during 2025 through a . The Board will provide an update on the outcome of this assessment in the coming months. Any steps post the assessment remain subject to the required internal and regulatory approvals. 2025 PRELIMINARY FINANCIAL GUIDANCE ▪ Consolidated Adjusted EBIT between €980 million and €1,030 million ▪ Net revenues of Industrial Activities (*) flat versus Full Year 2024 ▪ Adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities between €850 million and €900 million ▪ Free cash flow of Industrial Activities between €400 million and €450 million with investments (**) expected to decrease compared to 2024. (*) Including currency translation effects. (**) Investments in property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets (excluding assets sold under commitments and assets under operating leases). Board Report Subsequent Events and Financial Guidance 241 5 March 2025 The Board of Directors Suzanne Heywood Olof Persson Lorenzo Simonelli Judy Curran Tufan Erginbilgic Essimari Kairisto Linda Knoll Alessandro Nasi Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 242 IVECO GROUP CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2024 Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 243 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (*) (€ million) Note 2024 2023 Net revenues (1) 15,289 15,978 Cost of sales (2) 12,637 13,295 Selling,

---

ccompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 247 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (*) (€ million) Note 2024 2023 A) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR (19) 2,698 2,288 B) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Profit/(loss) from Continuing Operations for the year 538 268 Amortisation and depreciation (excluding assets sold under commitments and operating leases) (a)(b) 678 594 (Gains)/losses on disposal of assets (excluding assets sold under commitments) (a) ( 20 ) ( 11 ) Other items ( 1 ) ( 26 ) Dividends received 20 14 Change in provisions 228 265 Change in deferred income taxes ( 96 ) 31 Change in items due to commitments (a) ( 14 ) ( 32 ) Change in operating lease items (b) ( 29 ) ( 30 ) Change in working capital (c) (33) 2 293 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 1,306 1,366 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ( 108 ) ( 30 ) TOTAL 1,198 1,336 C) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Investments in: Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (excluding assets sold under commitments and operating leases) (a)(b) ( 939 ) ( 961 ) Consolidated subsidiaries and other equity investments — ( 21 ) Proceeds from the sale of assets (excluding assets sold under commitments) (a) ( 11 ) 17 Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities (c) (33) 463 ( 1,403 ) Cash used in other current financial assets ( 26 ) ( 100 ) Proceeds from other current financial assets 69 81 Other changes 125 171 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ( 319 ) ( 2,216 ) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 35 ( 8 ) TOTAL ( 284 ) ( 2,224 ) D) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Cash receipts from financing liabilities 1,364 996 Repayment of financing liabilities ( 741 ) ( 212 ) Net cash receipts from/(repayment of) financing liabilities ( 411 ) 748 Change in derivative assets/liabilities 9 17 Capital contributions to Discontinued Operations ( 168 ) ( 38 ) Dividends paid ( 91 ) — Purchase of treasury shares ( 60 ) ( 55 ) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ( 98 ) 1,456 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 166 33 TOTAL 68 1,489 Translation exchange differences ( 58 ) ( 191 ) E) TOTAL CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 924 410 Less: Cash and cash equivalent included within Assets held for sale at end of the year 109 — F) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS AT END OF YEAR (19) 3,513 2,698 Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 248 (a) Cash generated from the sale of vehicles under commitments, net of amounts included in Profit/(loss), is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes changes in working capital, capital expenditure, depreciation and impairment losses. (b) Cash from operating lease is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes capital expenditure, depreciation, and changes in inventory. (c) It should be noted that Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities refer to the flows generated or used by the core business of Industrial Activities, only. The Group believes that this approach provides more focus and transparency to the reader of the Financial Statements on its principal revenue/producing activities. Furthermore, cash flows generated or used by the core business of Financial Services are included in Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities. The Group assessed that this approach better reflects the role of Financial Services as a support function to Industrial Activities, offering financing products to wholesale and retail customers. In particular, the item “Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities” primarily includes the transactions where Financial Services support the core business of Industrial Activities. These financing transactions relate to wholesale financing granted to Industrial Activities dealers for the settling of related trade receivables, net of the cash received by Financial Services from the dealers’ repayment of financing transactions. (*) On 13 March 2024, Iveco Group and Mutares SE & Co. KGaA announced the signing of a definitive agreement for the transfer of ownership of Magirus GmbH and its affiliates performing Fire Fighting business. The transfer was completed on 3 January 2025. According to IFRS 5 - Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, as the sale became highly probable in March 2024, the Fire Fighting business met the criteria to be classified as a disposal group held for sale and discontinued operations. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, 2023 figures have been represented consistently. In particular , in accordance with IFRS 5:33, Profit/(loss) from Continuing Operations does not include the loss of € 144 million (€ 145 million before tax) on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell deriving from the disposal of the Fire Fighting business Furthermore, for the sake of clarity and to enhance the presentation of the information reported, certain items previously presented on a net basis are presented on a gross basis in 2024. 2023 figures have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation. See Note 33 for the reconciliation of amounts previously presented on a net basis to those currently presented on a gross basis. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 249 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (*) Attributable to the owners of the parent (€ million) Share capital Treasury shares Capital reserves Earnings reserves Cash flow hedge reserve Cumulative translation adjustment reserve Defined benefit plans remeasu rement reserve Equity investme nts at FVTOCI Cumulative share of OCI of entities consolidated under the equity method Non- controlling interests Total

---

of the due dates of financial liabilities is however provided in the notes. Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 251 The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is presented using the indirect method. It should be noted that Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities refer to the flows generated or used by the core business of Industrial Activities, only. The Group believes that this approach provides more focus and transparency to the reader of the Financial Statements on its principal revenue/producing activities. Furthermore, cash flows generated or used by the core business of Financial Services are included in Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities. The Group assessed that this approach better reflects the role of Financial Services as a support function to Industrial Activities, offering financing products to wholesale and retail customers. This is consistent with the overall approach adopted in the presentation of the key financial metrics, focusing on the performance of the Industrial Activities (including its operating segments/Business Units) separated from the supporting activities performed by Financial Services. In particular, the item “Net (cash used in)/proceeds from receivables from financing activities” primarily includes the transactions where Financial Services support the core business of Industrial Activities. These financing transactions relate to wholesale financing granted to Industrial Activities dealers for the settling of related trade receivables, net of the cash received by Financial Services from the dealers’ repayment of financing transactions. Basis of consolidation Subsidiaries Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including: ▪ the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee ▪ rights arising from other contractual arrangements ▪ the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights. The Group whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. interests in the net assets of consolidated subsidiaries and interests in the profit or loss of consolidated subsidiaries are presented separately from the interests of the owners of the parent in the consolidated statement of financial position and income statement respectively. Losses applicable to interests which exceed the interests in the subsidiary’s equity are debited to interests. Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the equity attributable to owners of the parent and interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the book value of the interests and the fair value of the relevant consideration is recognised directly in the equity attributable to the owners of the parent. If the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the relevant consideration and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary and any interests. Any profits or losses recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of the subsidiary are accounted for as if the subsidiary had been sold (i.e. are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred directly to retained earnings depending on the applicable IFRS). Subsidiaries that are either dormant or generate a negligible volume of business, are not consolidated. Their impact on the Group’s assets, liabilities, financial position and profit/(loss) attributable to the owners of the parent is immaterial. Joint ventures A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method from the date that joint control commences until the date that joint control ceases. Associates Associates are enterprises over which the Group has significant influence. As defined in IAS 28 – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures , significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method from the date that significant influence commences until the date that significant influence ceases. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate, if any, exceeds the carrying amount of the associate in the Group’s statement of financial position, the carrying amount is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred obligations in respect of the associate. Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 252 Investments in other companies Investments in other companies are measured at fair value. With reference to equity investments for which there is no quoted market price in an active market and there is insufficient financial information in order to determine fair value, cost is used as an estimate of fair value, as permitted by IFRS 9 - Financial

---

equity until the disposal of the investment. Average rates of exchange are used to translate the cash flows of foreign subsidiaries in preparing the consolidated statement of cash flows. The goodwill, assets acquired and liabilities assumed arising from the acquisition of entities with a functional currency other than the euro are recognised in the functional currency and translated at the exchange rate at the acquisition date. These balances are subsequently retranslated at the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. The Group applies IAS 29 - Financial reporting in hyperinflationary economies for its subsidiaries that prepare their financial statements in a functional currency of a hyperinflationary economy. According to this standard, at the reporting date, the amount of assets and liabilities is redetermined using a general price index before being translated into euro. The financial statements of these subsidiaries are then translated at the closing spot rate. The principal exchange rates used to translate into euros the financial statements prepared in currencies other than the euro were as follows: Average 2024 At 31 December 2024 Average 2023 At 31 December 2023 U.S. dollar 1.082 1.039 1.081 1.105 Pound sterling 0.847 0.829 0.870 0.869 Swiss franc 0.953 0.941 0.972 0.926 Brazilian real 5.830 6.435 5.401 5.350 Polish Zloty 4.307 4.273 4.543 4.348 Czeck Koruna 25.120 25.185 24.004 24.724 Argentine peso (1) 1,070.806 1,070.806 892.924 892.924 Turkish lira (2) 36.769 36.769 32.603 32.603 (1) From 1 July 2018, Argentina’s economy was considered to be hyperinflationary. After the same date, transactions for entities with the Argentine peso as the functional currency were translated using the closing spot rate. (2) As of 30 June 2022, the Company applied the hyperinflationary accounting in Türkiye, with effect from 1 January 2022. After 1 January 2022, transactions for entities with the Turkish lira as the functional currency were translated using the closing spot rate. Business combinations Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Under this method: ▪ the consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred and liabilities assumed by the Group and the equity interests issued in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 253 ▪ at the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value at that date, except for deferred tax assets and liabilities, assets and liabilities relating to employee benefit arrangements, liabilities or equity instruments relating to payment arrangements of the acquiree or payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace payment arrangements of the acquire, assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale, which are measured in accordance with the relevant standard ▪ goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount of any non- controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. If the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount of any interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain from a bargain purchase ▪ interest is initially measured either at fair value or at the interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. The selection of the measurement method is made on a transaction- basis ▪ any contingent consideration arrangement in the business combination is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in the business combination in order to determine goodwill. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are recognised retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments to goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the ‘measurement period’ (which may not exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Any changes in fair value after the measurement period are recognised in profit or loss. When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured at its acquisition- date fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss. Changes in the equity interest in the acquiree that have been recognised in Other comprehensive income in prior reporting periods are reclassified to profit or loss as if the interest had been disposed of. If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date which, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised at that date. Fair value measurement Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value at the balance sheet date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses valuation techn

---

tely in the appropriate items as Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, respectively, from Discontinued Operations within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 (the latter presented for comparative purposes). These cash flows represent those arising from transactions with third parties. According to IFRS 5, when assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale, they are required to be measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. This measurement treatment resulted in the recognition of a loss of €144 million (€145 million before tax) in the 2024 Consolidated Income Statement, included in the item " loss on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell of Discontinued Operations ". The following table represents the assets and liabilities of Fire Fighting business classified as Discontinued Operations at 31 December 2024 : (€ million) At 31 December 2024 Intangible assets 18 Deferred tax assets 6 Property, plant and equipment 19 Inventories 204 Cash and cash equivalents 109 Other assets 43 Total assets held for sale 399 Provisions 55 Debt 89 Trade payables 57 Other liabilities 62 Total liabilities held for sale 263 Details of income statement items included in Discontinued Operations, after the eliminations, for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows: (€ million) 2024 2023 Net revenues 296 300 Expenses (330) (329) EBIT of Discontinued Operations (34) (29) Profit/(loss) before taxes of Discontinued Operations (43) (36) Income tax (expense) benefit 1 2 loss of Discontinued Operations (42) (34) loss on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell of Discontinued Operations (144) — PROFIT/(LOSS) FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF TAX (186) (34) PROFIT/(LOSS) FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF TAX ATTRIBUTABLE TO: Owners of the parent (186) (30) interests — (4) Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 267 Details of cash flows generated by (absorbed from) Discontinued Operations for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows: (€ million) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: Profit/(loss) (186) (34) Amortisation and depreciation (excluding operating leases) (a) 6 5 (Gains)/losses on disposal of assets — 1 Other items 134 — Change in provisions (5) 5 Change in deferred income taxes (1) (1) Change in operating lease items (a) — (1) Change in working capital (56) (5) TOTAL (108) (30) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (excluding operating leases) (a) (14) (9) Net (cash used in)/proceeds from other current financial assets 55 — Other changes (6) 1 TOTAL 35 (8) CASH FLOWS FROM/(USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: Change in debt and derivative assets/liabilities (2) (5) Capital increase 168 38 TOTAL 166 33 TOTAL CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 93 (5) (a) Cash from operating lease is recognised under operating activities in a single line item, which includes capital expenditure, depreciation, and changes in inventory. Iveco Group Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2024 268 COMPOSITION AND PRINCIPAL CHANGES Unless otherwise indicated, the information on the income statement in the following notes relates to Continuing Operations. 1. Net revenues The following table summarises Net revenues for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 : (€ million) 2024 2023 Truck 9,960 10,617 Bus 2,561 2,260 Defence 1,133 984 Powertrain 3,546 4,258 Eliminations and Other (2,252) (2,479) Total Industrial Activities 14,948 15,640 Financial Services 558 494 Eliminations and Other (217) (156) Total Net revenues 15,289 15,978 Eliminations and Other include the elimination of Financial Services' interest income earned from Industrial Activities. The following table disaggregates Net revenues by major source for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 : (€ million) 2024 2023 Revenues from: Sales of goods 13,963 14,711 Rendering of services and other revenues 707 646 Rents and other income on assets sold with a commitment 278 283 Revenues from sales of goods and services 14,948 15,640 Finance and interest income 304 305 Rents and other income on operating lease 37 33 Total Net revenues 15,289 15,978 During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 , revenues included € 497 million and € 468 million, respectively, related to the reversal of contract liabilities outstanding at the beginning of each period. See Note 26 "Other liabilities" for additional details on contract liabilities. As of 31 December 2024 , the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations related to extended warranties/maintenance and repair contracts, and transactions for the sale of vehicles with a commitment was approximately € 2.9 billion (approximately € 2.5 billion at 31 December 2023 ). As of 31 December 2024 , Iveco Group expects to recognise revenue on approximately 27% and 66% of the remaining performance obligations over the next 12 and 36 months, respectively (approximately 29% and 68% as of 31 December 2023 , respectively), with the remaining recognised thereafter. 2. Cost of sales Cost of sales amounted to € 12,637 million in 2024 and € 13,295 million in 2023 . Interest and other financial expenses from Financial Services activities included within Cost of sales amounted to € 136 million in 2024 and to € 139 million in 2023. Amount of inventories recognised as an expense in Cost of sales was €10,788 million and €11,377 million in 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 3. Selling, general and administrative costs Selling, general and administrative costs amounted to € 1,000 million in 2024 , in line with 2023 . 4. Research and development costs In 2024 , Research and development costs of € 617 million (€ 611 million in 2023 ) comprise all the research and development costs not recognised as assets in the year, amounting to € 340 million (€ 387 million in 2023 ) and the amortisation o