Disclaimer* IG Design Group PLC 17 June 2026 17 June 2026 IG Design Group plc ("Design Group" or the 'Company') Director/PDMR Shareholding IG Design Group plc (AIM: IGR) has been informed that on 16 June 2026, Anders Hedlund, the Founder and a Non-Executive Director of the Company, that he has purchased from AC Artistic Ltd, a family controlled company in the British Virgin Islands of which he is a beneficiary, 16,642,640 ordinary shares of 5 pence each ("Ordinary Share"). The purchase price was 88.0 pence per Ordinary Share. Following the purchase the Hedlunds family shareholding in Ordinary Shares remains unchanged at 22,918,994 Ordinary Shares, representing 23.31% of the current issued share capital of Company. A breakdown of the shareholding interests of the Hedlund family in the Ordinary Shares following the purchase is set out below: - 16,743,088 Ordinary Shares are held by Anders Hedlund directly - 5,275,116 Ordinary Shares are held in Malios Limited, a British Virgin Island company of which the Hedlund family are beneficiaries - 900,790 Ordinary Shares are held CS West Coast Trust, a trust for the benefit of Anders Hedlund's adult children ​ For further information, please contact: IG Design Group plc Stewart Gilliland, Interim Executive Chair Gerald Kuehr, Chief Executive Officer Rohan Cummings, Chief Financial Officer ​ Tel: +44 (0)1525 887310 Canaccord Genuity Limited (Nomad and Broker) Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Tel: +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Alma Strategic Communications Rebecca Sanders-Hewett Sam Modlin Will Merison Tel: +44 (0)20 3405 0205 designgroup@al mastrategic.com Notification and public disclosure of transactions by person discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Anders Hedlund 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Founder and Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name IG Design Group plc b) LEI 213800J8I5XDZ3JU8496 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each ISIN: GB0004526900 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 88p 16,642,640 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 16 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Off Market This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies IG Design Group (IGR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 5 hours ago Speedy Hire 5 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and