Disclaimer* IG Design Group PLC 25 March 2026 25 March 2026 IG Design Group plc (the "Company", the "Group" or "Design Group") Completion of surplus UK warehouse sale IG Design Group plc, a leading designer, innovator and manufacturer across various celebration and creative categories, announces that its subsidiary, IG Design Group UK Limited, has completed the sale of a surplus warehouse at Hirwaun Industrial Estate, Aberdare to the Welsh Government for c.£3.1 million. As previously indicated in the February 2026 trading update, this disposal forms part of the Group's efforts to strengthen its balance sheet. The carrying value of the site was £0.1 million and the sale will realise a profit of £2.9 million (after £0.1m of selling costs and taxes). ​For further information, please contact: IG Design Group plc Tel: +44 (0)1525 887310 Stewart Gilliland, Interim Executive Chair Rohan Cummings, Chief Financial Officer Canaccord Genuity Limited (Nomad and Broker) Tel: +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Bobbie Hilliam Elizabeth Halley-Stott Alma Strategic Communications Tel: +44 (0)20 3405 0205 Rebecca Sanders-Hewett designgroup@almastrategic.com Sam Modlin Will Merison This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies IG Design Group (IGR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 4 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and