Disclaimer* IG Design Group PLC 16 June 2026 16 June 2026 IG Design Group Plc ('Design Group' or the 'Company') Grant of LTIP Award IG Design Group plc (AIM: IGR) announces that on 16 th June 2026, Gerald Kuehr, Chief Executive Officer [Designate] of the Company, was granted a nil cost option award under the IG Design Group 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan (the " LTIP ") over 2,492,848 ordinary shares of 5 pence each in the Company (" Ordinary Shares "). In order to be eligible to receive this award Mr Kuehr has designated his recently acquired personal holding of 1,246,424 Ordinary Shares as related 'investment shares'. The award has an associated normal vesting date of the third anniversary. The award will ordinarily vest subject to Mr Kuehr's continued service through to the award's normal vesting and to the extent to which award's performance conditions are met. The stretching performance conditions attached to the award relate to 'end share price' as at the end of a three year performance period commencing on the date of the grant of the award. The following sliding scale target and associated vesting percentage apply: End share price Percentage of award capable of vesting Less than 90 pence Nil 90 pence 25% Between 90 pence and 300 pence Between 25% and 100% on a straight-line basis 300 pence or greater 100% End share price for such purposes means the average of the closing prices of Ordinary Shares for the dealing days falling within the last three months of the performance period subject to such adjustment (if any) the Remuneration Committee of the Board considers warranted to have regard to the value of dividends declared in respect of Ordinary Shares with record dates arising during the performance period. A post vesting holding period will ordinarily apply in relation to the award through until the fourth anniversary of the grant of the award, following the expiry of which, the award will then become exercisable to its vested extent. The Remuneration Committee retains a general discretion to reduce the award by reference to the number (if any) of Mr Kuehr's investment shares that are not retained through the award's three year time vesting period. The general expectation is for Mr Kuehr to maintain the holding of investment throughout such period. Notification of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Gerald Kuehr 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer [Designate] b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Announcement 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name IG Design Group plc b) LEI 213800J8I5XDZ3JU8496 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 5 pence in IG Design Group Plc GB0004526900 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a nil cost option award under the IG Design Group 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 2,492,848 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A Nil e) Date of the transaction 16 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Enquiries: IG Design Group Plc Tel: +44 (0)1525 887310 Gerald Kuehr, Chief Executive Officer [Designate] Rohan Cummings, Chief Financial Officer Canaccord Genuity Limited (Nomad and Broker) Tel: +44 (0)20 7523 8000 Bobbie Hilliam Alma Strategic Communications Tel: +44 (0)20 3405 0205 Rebecca Sanders-Hewett designgroup@almastrategic.com Sam Modlin Will Merison This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies IG Design Group (IGR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 5 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and