1
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility 
for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly 
disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
contents of this announcement.
SUNNY OPTICAL TECHNOLOGY (GROUP) COMPANY LIMITED
Ҧ ( ණྠ )ʮ̡
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Stock Code: 2382.HK)
POSITIVE PROFIT ALERT
This announcement is made by Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited (the 
“Company ”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) pursuant to Rule 13.09 of the Rules 
Governing the Listing of Securities of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing 
Rules ”) and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined under the Listing Rules) under Part 
XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors ” and each a “Director ”) of the Company 
wishes to inform the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders ”) and potential investors of 
the Company that based on the information currently available to the Company and the preliminary 
review and analysis of the unaudited management accounts of the Group for the year ended 31 
December 2025 (the “Unaudited Management Accounts ”), which have not been audited or 
reviewed by the auditors of the Company and/or the audit committee of the Board, the Group is 
expected to record a profit attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 December 
2025, amounting to approximately RMB4,588.6 million to RMB4,723.5 million, which represents 
an increase of approximately 70.0% to 75.0% as compared to that for the year ended 31 December 
2024, being approximately RMB2,699.2 million.
Based on the information available to the Company immediately preceding the publication of this 
announcement, the Board considers that such expected increase was primarily attributable to the 
following:
(i) driven by the high-end upgrade of smartphone camera specifications, and leveraging 
pioneering technology layout and leading product iteration, the improvement in product mix 
of the Group increased the average selling prices and gross profit margins of handset lens 
sets and handset camera modules of the Group; and
(ii) the Group generated an investment income from the transfer of the entire equity interests in 
certain subsidiaries in exchange for the equity interests in Goertek Optical Technology Co., 
Ltd., being approximately RMB919.0 million.
2
The Company is in the process of finalising the consolidated financial results of the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2025. The information contained in this announcement is only a 
preliminary assessment based on the Unaudited Management Accounts. The finalised and audited 
consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025, which may differ from the 
figures and information provided in this announcement, are expected to be announced before the 
end of March 2026.
Shareholders and potential investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when 
dealing in the shares of the Company.
By order of the Board
Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited
Wang Tan Jiong
Chairman and Executive Director
China, 29 January 2026
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. Wang Tan Jiong, Mr. Wang Wenjie 
and Mr. Ni Wenjun, who are executive Directors; Mr. Wang Wenjian, who is a non-executive 
Director, and Mr. Feng Hua Jun, Mr. Chen Gang and Ms. Thoeng Wai Yee Cheryl, who are 
independent non-executive Directors.