.1 2 d103963dex991.htm .1 .1 Exhibit 99.1 Brussels – 3 March 2026 – 10:00pm CET AB InBev Files its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 3 March 2026 – InBev (Euronext: ABI) (NYSE: BUD) (MEXBOL: ANB) (JSE: ANH) (“AB InBev” or the “Company”) today filed its Annual Report on Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Form 20-F can be downloaded from the Company’s website (www. .com) under the heading Investors / Results Center / SEC Filings or from the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) as of 3 March 2026. Printed copies of the complete audited financial statements contained in the Form 20-F can be requested free of charge from Issuer Direct Corp, The Investor Network (1 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 1001, Raleigh, North Carolina 27603) by emailing @issuerdirect.com or contacting +1-888-301-2501. AB InBev Contacts Investors Media Shaun Fullalove Media Relations E-mail: shaun.fullalove@ .com E-mail: Media.Relations@ .com Ekaterina Baillie E-mail: ekaterina.baillie@ .com Patrick Ryan E-mail: patrick.ryan@ .com .com Press release – 3 March 2026 – 1 About InBev (AB InBev) InBev (AB InBev) is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven, Belgium, with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company, we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life’s moments, move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Beer is the drink for moderation, and for over a century, AB InBev has championed responsible drinking. We are committed to providing our consumers with balanced choices to enjoy on any occasion. We also invest in marketing that aims to reinforce positive behaviors, and we work with communities, customers, and partners to promote responsible consumption through initiatives. Our diverse portfolio of well over 400 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser ® , Corona ® , Stella Artois ® and Michelob Ultra ® ; brands Beck’s ® , Hoegaarden ® and Leffe ® ; and local champions such as Aguila ® , Antarctica ® , Brahma ® , Bud Light ® , Cass ® , Castle ® , Castle Lite ® , Cristal ® , Harbin ® , Jupiler ® , Modelo Especial ® , Quilmes ® , Victoria ® , Sedrin ® , and Skol ® . Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years, spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven, Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis, US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia, the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets, we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 137 000 colleagues based in more than 40 countries worldwide. For 2025, AB InBev’s reported revenue was 59.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates). .com Press release – 3 March 2026 – 2