BETA Close X Young & Co's Brewery PLC's 'A' ordinary shares and non-voting ordinary shares have been cancelled from trading on AIM effective April 28, 2026, following their transfer to the Main Market. This move signifies a change in listing venue for the company's securities. Disclaimer* AIM 28 April 2026 NOTICE 28/04/2026 - 08:00 NOTICE OF CANCELLATION OF ADMISSION TO TRADING ON AIM Following a Transfer to the Main Market the following securities have been cancelled from trading on AIM with effect from the time and date of this notice. YOUNG & CO'S BREWERY PLC 213800JMZDORXCMKFW06 'A' ORDINARY SHARES OF 12.5P EACH, FULLY PAID (B2NDK76)(GB00B2NDK765) YOUS BREW/PAR VTG FPD 0.125 ORDINARY SHARES OF 12.5P (NON-VOTING) EACH, FULLY PAID (B2NDK98)(GB00B2NDK989) YOUS BREW/PAR 0.125 If you have any queries relating to the above, please contact Market Operations at the London Stock Exchange on 020 7797 4310. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Young & Co's Brewery 'A' Shares (YNGA) Young & Co's Brewery (Non-Voting) (YNGN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Accsys Technologies 2 days ago CMC Markets 2 days ago Fuller Smith & Turner 2 days ago GSK 2 days ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and