FBD HOLDINGS PLC
Annual Report 2025
FBD / AT A GLANCE
Established in the 1960s by farmers for 
farmers, FBD has built on its roots in 
agriculture to become a leading general 
insurer serving the needs of farmers, 
businesses and retail customers. With 34 
offices throughout Ireland and a multichannel 
distribution strategy, we are never far away 
and always ready to support our customers.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
2
Insurance 
Revenue
€487m
(2024: €441m)
Profit 
Before Tax
€54.2m
(2024: €77.1m)
Earnings 
Per Share
130c
(2024: 186c)
Return 
On Equity1
10%
(2024: 14%)
Net Asset 
Value Per Share1
1,320c
(2024: 1,346c)
Combined 
Operating Ratio1
90.8%
(2024: 84.9%)
1 Further information on these measures is found in Alternative Performance Metrics on pages 295 to 301.
2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
IN THIS REPORT
Management's Review 4
Financial Highlights 5
Chair's Statement 6
Review of Operations 9
Our Business Model 16
Our Strategy 17
Risk & Uncertainties Report 18
Governance 28
Board of Directors 28
Corporate Information 34
Report of the Directors 35
Corporate Governance 44
Nomination and Governance Report 73
Report on Directors’ Remuneration 80
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 103
Sustainability Statement 104
General 105
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities for 
Sustainability Statement 105
ESRS 2 General disclosures 108
Environmental 134
ESRS E1 Climate Change 134
EU Taxonomy Regulation 148
Social 154
ESRS S1 Own Workforce 154
ESRS S4 Consumers and end-users 165
Entity-Specific: Farm Safety 169
Governance 173
ESRS G1 Business Conduct 173
Entity-Specific: Cybersecurity 178
Appendix 180
Independent practitioners’ limited assurance report 189
Funding Backing Donating 193
Financial Statements 199
Independent Auditors’ Report 200
Consolidated Income Statement 209
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 210
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 211
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 213
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 214
Company Statement of Financial Position 215
Company Statement of Cash Flows 216
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 217
Notes to the Financial Statements 218
Other Information 295
Alternative performance measures 295
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
3
In this section:
Financial Highlights 5
Chair's Statement 6
Review of Operations 9
Our Business Model 16
Our Strategy 17
Risk & Uncertainties Report 18
Governance 28
Board of Directors 28
Corporate Information 34
Report of the Directors 35
Corporate Governance 44
Nomination and Governance Report 73
Report on Directors’ Remuneration 80
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 103
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
4
MANAGEMENT'S 
REVIEW
PICTURED: DINGLE CRYSTAL,
FBD BUSINESS INSURANCE CUSTOMER
Part of FBD's Support Local Business Campaign
Financial Highlights
2025 2024
€000s €000s
Insurance revenue 486,751 441,005
Profit before tax 54,156 77,065
Gross written premium3 501,746 460,219
Underwriting result3 44,853 66,601
2025 2024
Cent Cent
Basic earnings per share 130 186
Diluted earnings per share1 127 183
Net asset value per share3 1,320 1,346
Ordinary dividend per share proposed 100 100
Ordinary dividend per share paid4 100 100
Special dividend per share paid 75 100
2025 2024
% %
Combined operating ratio2,3  90.8 %  84.9 %
Return on equity3  10 %  14 %
1 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential vesting of share-based payments.
2 Combined operating ratio includes discounting. 
3 Further information on measures referred to in our Financial Highlights is found in Alternative Performance Measures on pages 295 to 301.
4 Ordinary dividend per share paid for previous financial year.
Financial Calendar
2025 Results Announcement 6 March 2026
Dividend record date 24 April 2026
Annual General Meeting 7 May 2026
Dividend payment date 29 May 2026
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
5
Chair's Statement
Dear Shareholder,
PERFORMANCE
I am pleased to report that FBD Group ("Group" or 
"FBD") has delivered another strong performance in 
2025, with a proposed ordinary dividend payment to our 
shareholders of 100 cent per share.
We have recorded a Group Profit Before Tax of €54m for 
2025. Our Net Asset Value per share is 1,320 cent, after 
the payment of both ordinary and special dividends of 
100c and 75c in 2025. This result was supported by a 
robust underwriting performance after the impact of 
January 2025 weather, strong investment returns and 
reflects the targeted growth being delivered under our 
strategy. It is a testament to the dedication and focus 
of our Executive Management Team and our employees.
CUSTOMERS
2025 saw another year of growth across each customer 
sector, with 18,000 policies added overall. Our Farmer 
sector saw a further increase in the average number of 
policies held, with over 10,000 more policies than this 
time last year. This is a strong reflection of our customer 
focused strategy. 
At FBD, a core component of our strategy is to build and 
maintain long-term relationships with our customers. 
These relationships are rooted in providing our 
customers with a proposition and service that is of value 
to them. Our continued success in this regard is 
evidenced through our strong retention rates which 
have remained consistently high in 2025.
The January 2025 weather losses, storm Éowyn in 
particular, had a devastating impact on the country, 
with record-breaking wind gusts recorded, and many of 
our customers were left without electricity. Our Claims 
and Sales functions mobilised ahead of the storm and 
kept our customers informed across all communication 
channels. Customer calls and claims were prioritised 
with additional employees providing support. The 
majority of these claims have now been settled and it is 
especially pleasing that our customers were protected 
following our Inflation Protection campaign, which ran 
from 2023.
It was with great honour that FBD won the CSR/
Community/Green Loyalty Programme at the prestigious 
Irish Loyalty and CX Awards, for the second year in a 
row. The Irish Loyalty and CX Awards recognise 
excellence, innovation and achievement in loyalty and 
customer experience for Irish companies. This award is 
an acknowledgement of the level of our support across 
several community initiatives including our local and 
national sponsorship portfolio. The award is a terrific 
acknowledgement of all the hard work carried out by 
our employees. 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
6
“I am pleased to report that 
FBD Group has delivered 
another strong performance 
in 2025, with a proposed 
ordinary dividend payment 
to our shareholders of 
100 cent per share.”
Jim Bergin
Chair
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
I wish to record my own and the Board's appreciation of 
Liam Herlihy, our former Chair, and Mary Brennan, our 
former Independent Non-Executive Director, who both 
stepped down in August. Mary served on the Board of 
FBD for nine years, we thank her for her contribution to 
FBD. I succeeded Liam in the role of Chair of the Board 
and I would like to express my gratitude for the support 
he provided to me, ensuring a smooth transition. Liam 
served on the Board of FBD for over nine years and 
made a huge contribution over this time. We welcomed 
three new Independent Non-Executive Directors to the 
Board over 2025, Colm McGrattan, Paul Stanley and 
Silvia Milián Bon. Together they bring vast experience 
and knowledge to the Board and we wish them well in 
their roles. 
FBD remains committed to ensuring that it has a high-
performing Board, which is equipped to anticipate, meet 
and overcome future challenges and risks and to ensure 
alignment with the Group’s long-term strategy. Further 
details of the external 2025 Board Effectiveness and 
Performance Evaluation carried out by Board Excellence 
are set out in the Nomination and Governance Report. In 
2025, Members of our Board and Executive 
Management Team again took to the road for customer 
site visits. We value the importance of understanding 
our customers' needs which enables us to provide them 
with products more suitable to them.
SUSTAINABILITY
FBD was part of the first wave of organisations to report 
under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) last year and are delighted to be reporting again 
for 2025. This is a great showcase for all the 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) activities 
FBD undertake year after year. The Group's 
Sustainability Committee implements the Board 
approved ESG strategy, and significant progress has 
been made this year. 
Following on from our commitment to the Teagasc 
facility in Moorepark, Fermoy, I was delighted to attend 
the sod-turning ceremony at The Padraig Walshe Centre 
for Sustainable Animal and Grassland Research in 
February 2026. In 2024, FBD and University College 
Dublin announced a major Corporate Advocacy 
Initiative, an investment in a new agricultural science 
centre at UCD Lyons Farm. Our contribution of €1.5 
million will go towards construction of the new centre. 
Planning permission has been granted and the project is 
currently at an advanced stage of detailed design. 
Construction is expected to commence in summer 2026. 
These investments highlight our commitment to 
supporting Ireland’s farming communities, education, 
agriculture as a whole and the food industry.
We are proud to continue our support of farm 
succession management and the next generation of 
farm leaders and innovators through our partnerships 
with Teagasc, UCD, Nuffield, and the Agriculture 
Science Association. The first female winner of the FBD 
Young Farmer of the Year was announced in September. 
Congratulations to Aileen Sheehan, a dairy farmer from 
Cork, on her milestone achievement. 2025 also saw the 
second year of the Teagasc / FBD Environmental 
Sustainability Awards which recognised farmers who are 
operating sustainable, profitable farming systems, whilst 
incorporating the latest scientific developments and 
technologies on their farms. This year's winners 
showcased the great work being done on farms around 
the country in areas such as biodiversity, greenhouse 
gas emissions, soil health, and in the case of our overall 
winner Don Somers, improving water quality.
FBD became a signatory of the UN Principles for 
Sustainable Insurance in 2024. We continue to embed 
the UN Principles for Sustainable Insurance in our 
business and report on progress in implementing them.
As we know, farming is a high-risk industry which 
presents many challenges. FBD’s Farm Safety campaigns, 
including our commitment to the Farm Safety 
Partnership aim to encourage farmers to make small but 
meaningful changes to their working behaviour, FBD 
completes this through seminars, communications, 
signage, mart awareness, training as well as live events 
at shows up and down the country. In July, members of 
our Leadership Team appeared before the Oireachtas 
Joint Committee on Agriculture and Food to discuss 
farm health and safety. We welcomed the Committee's 
invitation and will continue to promote practical steps, 
from education to risk assessment, to tackle farm safety 
issues in Ireland.
The National Ploughing Championships in Screggan was 
a great success in September. The FBD Leadership Team 
and our people are always well represented at events 
such as this, the Tullamore Show and Moorepark Open 
Day amongst others, as they are a great opportunity to 
engage with our customers.
At FBD, we believe that an inclusive, diverse, and 
equitable workforce is critical for the success of our 
organisation and were delighted to retain our Gold 
accreditation for Investors in Diversity, through the Irish 
Centre for Diversity. We will continue to build and 
maintain our inclusive organisation and implement 
measures to address our gender pay gap. FBD is a 
committed signatory of the Women in Finance Charter, 
partner with industry initiatives such as VOiCE for 
Insurance, and we are committed to maintaining gender 
balance Board representation in line with our target. 
More details can be found in the Board Diversity section 
of the Nomination and Governance Report.
Further details on all our activity can be found under our 
Sustainability Statement later in the Annual Report.
CAPITAL / DIVIDEND
The Board has set a Dividend Policy that aligns with its 
belief that it is in the long-term interest of all 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
7
stakeholders to focus on annual dividend sustainability 
while maintaining a robust capital position. 
In light of the strong financial performance for 2025 the 
Board proposes an ordinary dividend of 100 cent per 
share. This follows a special dividend of 75 cent per 
share declared in August 2025. It reflects our continuing 
confidence in the underlying profitability and future 
prospects of the Group. Our capital position remains 
strong with a Solvency Capital Requirement ("SCR") 
Ratio of 201% (unaudited) at 31 December 2025, after 
ordinary dividend and share repurchase (2024: 197%).
CONCLUSION
Our customer focused strategy, leveraging technology 
and the strength of our people to deliver profitable 
growth has been the foundation that has enabled us to 
deliver positive outcomes during 2025. I look forward to 
working with my Board colleagues and the Leadership 
Team to develop the next phase of our customer 
focused strategy during 2026.
I would like to thank my colleagues on the Board for 
their continued support, expert guidance, and hard work 
since I've assumed the role of Chair. I would also like to 
thank our growing number of loyal customers, we 
welcome the opportunity to repay your trust and 
confidence in FBD for many years to come.
With Best Regards.
 
JIM BERGIN
Chair
5 March 2026
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
8
Review of Operations 
OVERVIEW
The Group has reported a profit before tax of €54.2m 
(2024: €77.1m) reflecting a robust underwriting result 
following the poor weather experience in January 2025, 
with a net cost to FBD of €30.8m. 
OPERATING PERFORMANCE
Insurance Revenue
Insurance revenue is 10.4% higher than 2024 at €486.8m 
(2024: €441.0m). Gross written premium is the largest 
part of Insurance revenue and is 9.0% higher than 2024 
at €501.7m (2024: €460.2m) with growth evident across 
all our sectors and products. Policy count growth was 
3.2% across Farmer, Business and Retail sectors, with 
more than half of the growth coming from the Farmer 
sector. We are seeing strong acquisition and retention 
relating to our Home insurance offering across both 
Direct and Partnership channels with a 6.0% growth in 
policy count. Retention rates remain consistently high 
across the business, particularly with relationship 
customers. 
Average premium increased by 5.6% across the 
portfolio, 3.4% of which relates to customers increasing 
their level of insurance cover, and some rate applied 
reflecting inflationary impacts. Private Motor average 
premium increased by 5.0%, driven by sustained inflation 
and increased claims frequency experience for Motor 
Damage in recent years. Home and Farm average 
premium increased by 7.7% and 9.7% respectively, 
largely due to indexation applied to property sums 
insured, as rebuilding costs continue to rise.  
Insurance Service Expenses
Insurance service expenses (ISE) increased by €149.8m 
to €428.3m (2024: €278.5m). The table below splits the 
ISE into gross incurred claims (before reinsurance 
recoveries), changes that relate to past service and 
insurance acquisition expenses. The gross incurred 
claims increased by €105.3m reflecting the poor 
weather experience in January 2025 with an 
approximate gross cost of €100m, and an observed 
increase in injury awards for more recent accident years. 
Changes that relate to past service decreased by 
€35.4m, mainly reflecting reduced favourable prior year 
reserve movements, gross of reinsurance, compared to 
2024. Insurance acquisition expenses of €93.8m form 
part of the ISE and are referenced below under the 
Expenses section. 
Insurance Service 
Expenses
2025 2024
€000s €000s
Gross incurred claims  (372,016)  (266,747) 
Changes that relate to past 
service  37,495  72,928 
Insurance acquisition 
expenses  (93,804)  (84,633) 
Total Insurance service 
expenses  (428,325)  (278,452) 
Claims Trends
Average settlement costs for injury claims have 
increased by 4% compared to 2024, with pre-litigation 
settlement costs 6% higher. We have experienced 
increases in third-party Motor Damage costs in 2025, 
across both Private and Commercial Motor. 
New Property claims notifications in 2025 increased 
substantially compared to 2024 due to the January 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
9
“We are pleased to announce a 
strong performance for 2025. 
These results reflect the 
resilience of our business, the 
success of our customer-focused 
strategy and the work of our 
employees right across FBD.”
Tomás Ó Midheach
Group Chief Executive Officer
2025 weather events. Attritional Property severity is 
higher in 2025 due to an increased number of fire claims 
compared to 2024. 
Weather and Large Claims
Net of reinsurance, weather losses in 2025 were 
substantially higher than 2024. This was primarily driven 
by the January 2025 weather events with a net cost to 
FBD of €30.8m. Comparably for 2024 there were two 
storm events, Storm Isha and Storm Darragh, with a net 
cost to FBD of €15.9m. 
Large injury claims, defined as a value greater than 
€250,000, notified to date in 2025, are in line with the 
average over the past 10 years.
Expenses 
The Group’s expense ratio is 27.6% (2024: 27.8%). 
Insurance acquisition expenses and non-attributable 
expenses are combined to calculate the total expense 
cost of €134.4m (2024: €122.4m). The year on year 
increase reflects inflationary impacts on employee costs, 
additional spend on marketing promotional strategies 
and required regulatory related expenses. The expense 
ratio has shown a small reduction due to growth in 
insurance revenue. 
Reinsurance
For 2025, the net income from reinsurance contracts 
held increased by €85.7m to €34.2m due to increased 
reinsurance recoveries this year primarily due to the 
January 2025 weather events. There has also been a 
small reduction in reinsurance premium compared to 
2024 reflecting improved reinsurance rates agreed for 
2025.
The reinsurance programme for 2026 was successfully 
placed, with a reduction in Casualty reinsurance rates 
and a minor rate increase applied to Property 
reinsurance. There was a small increase in retention at 
the lower end of the Property Catastrophe programme. 
This is a positive result, acknowledging the loss activity 
in January 2025, the exposure growth in our Property 
lines and increased overall cover under the Catastrophe 
structure.
Combined Operating Ratio (COR)
The Group generated an underwriting profit of €44.9m 
(2024: €66.6m) which translates to a Combined 
Operating Ratio (COR) of 90.8% (2024: 84.9%). The 
undiscounted Combined Operating Ratio (COR) was 
92.9% (2024: 86.7%). The increase in COR is primarily 
due to the January 2025 weather losses. 
Other Provision Charges
Other provision charges of €7.2m included in the Income 
Statement (2024: €6.7m), is made up of Motor Insurers' 
Bureau of Ireland (MIBI) levy, net of small reductions in 
previous provisions. Since 1 January 2025 there has 
been no requirement to further contribute to the Motor 
Insurers Insolvency Compensation Fund (MIICF). 
Investment Return
FBD’s total investment return for 2025 is 2.8% (2024: 
4.0%). The investment return recognised in the Income 
Statement is 2.1% (2024: 2.3%) and in the Statement of 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) is 0.7% (2024: 1.7%). 
Income Statement returns from the bond portfolios 
increased in 2025 as maturities continue to be 
reinvested at higher interest rates. Some realised losses 
were incurred on bonds sold to enhance longer-term 
income, with the additional income outweighing the 
realised losses over the full year. Cash returns have 
moderated as the European Central Bank (ECB) cut 
interest rates four times in 2025. These rate cuts have 
expedited the pull-to-par effect, which, along with 
tightening credit spreads, offset a rise in portfolio 
interest rates in the second half of the year, and 
resulted in an overall positive OCI return. Risk assets 
contributed €8.0m to the overall Income Statement 
return, a decrease on prior year due to a combination of 
a lower allocation and a lower percentage return. There 
was a positive performance across all risk asset funds, 
with equity outperformance being a major contributor, 
and private markets funds continuing to generate strong 
returns. 
Financial Services and Other Group Activities
The Group's financial services operation recorded 
commission income of €2.6m (2024: €3.7m). Expenses 
relating to financial services and other group activities 
of €8.5m are €2.6m lower compared to 2024, the 
reduction partly due to higher one-off costs associated 
with the 2024 implementation of CSRD reporting. 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL 
POSITION
IFRS Capital Position
Ordinary shareholders’ funds at 31 December 2025 
amounted to €474.4m (31 December 2024: €483.2m). 
The decrease in shareholders’ funds is driven by the 
following: 
• payment of the ordinary and preference dividends of 
€36.5m related to the 2024 financial year, and 
special dividend payment of €27.2m, totalling 
€63.7m; 
• repurchase of own shares of €4.0m; 
Offset by:
• Profit after tax for the year of €47.2m;
• OCI profit after tax for the year of €4.7m made 
up of:
• mark to market gains on Bond portfolios of 
€7.9m; 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
10
offset by:
• insurance finance expense for insurance and  
reinsurance contracts issued €2.4m;
• a decrease in retirement benefit surplus (net of 
tax) of €0.1m;
• income tax charge through OCI of €0.7m; 
• unclaimed dividends write back of €1.9m; and
• share-based payment reserve increase of €5.1m.
Net asset value per share is 1,320 cent, compared to 
1,346 cent per share at 31 December 2024.
Investment Allocation
FBD has a conservative investment strategy across its 
portfolio, of circa €1.2 billion of assets, with its insurance 
contract liabilities backed with fixed interest assets of 
similar currency and duration. Cash allocations 
increased, with €20m divested from the bond portfolios 
to fund dividends and strengthen liquidity. A further 
€35m was divested from the risk asset portfolio in line 
with our Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA). The average 
credit quality of the corporate bond portfolio has 
remained at A- while the allocation to BBB rated bonds 
remains stable at 36%. The duration of the corporate 
bond portfolio remains unchanged at 3.4 years (2024: 
3.4 years) and the government bond portfolio duration 
increased to 3.2 years (2024: 2.8 years).
Solvency II
The SCR Ratio at 31 December 2025 is 201% (unaudited) 
which has increased from 197% at 31 December 2024. 
The SCR Ratio allows for the proposed ordinary dividend 
and €4m share repurchase and remains well in excess of 
our target risk appetite range of 150% - 170%. The 
Group is committed to maintaining a strong solvency 
position. 
Industry Environment
The Action Plan for Insurance Reform 2025 - 2029 was 
released in July 2025 outlining a number of priority 
actions across six key themes, Transparency and 
Affordability, Competitiveness and Availability, Legal 
Reform, Fraud, Climate Protection and Innovation and 
Skills. FBD has engaged in the consultation process on 
the Transparency Code and expect finalisation by the 
Department of Finance in Q1 2026. FBD will continue to 
be supportive of the work of the Government to help 
deliver progress on these key priorities.
The General Scheme of the Civil Reform Bill 2025 
published in January 2026 introduces substantial 
changes to Ireland's court system by increasing the 
value limits for cases heard in the District and Circuit 
Courts. This has the potential to alter where personal 
injury claims are litigated, reduce reliance on the High 
Court, and reshape legal cost structures.
Following the recommendation from the Judicial Council 
to apply an increase of 16.7% to Personal Injuries 
Guidelines, the resolution to approve the proposed 
increase was not brought to the Oireachtas. The 
General Scheme of the Judicial Council (Amendment) 
Bill 2026 proposes further changes to how Personal 
Injuries Guidelines are reviewed, developed and 
approved. 
Risks and Uncertainties
The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group 
are outlined on pages 18 to 27. 
OUTLOOK
The Irish economy has shown strong resilience amid 
persistent geopolitical uncertainty. While the Irish 
economy is forecast to achieve more moderate growth 
in 20261, it remains above the EU average. While some 
challenges may exist for our core customer base of 
farmers, businesses and retail customers, the outlook in 
the medium term remains positive. Although general 
inflation levels remain relatively stable, we continue to 
observe excess inflation on Motor Damage and Property 
claims albeit at lower levels than recent years. We also 
note an increase in average injury settlement costs over 
2025. We will continue to support the Government in 
helping to deliver on the key priorities for the Action 
Plan for Insurance Reform, and remain engaged with all 
stakeholders to help deliver progress here. 
The Income Statement return from our bond portfolios, 
which comprises the majority of the investment 
portfolio, is projected to continue to increase in the 
years ahead due to the impact of higher reinvestment 
rates as bonds mature. 
At FBD, we believe that our customer-centric strategy 
continues to create value for all our stakeholders. We 
remain focused on our goal of being a digitally enabled, 
data enriched organisation that provides an excellent 
experience for both our customers and employees. Our 
commitment to building strong, lasting customer 
relationships is delivering results - we are doing more 
business with our customers today than ever before. 
FBD remains a strong and resilient business, reflected in 
the sustained growth of our robust franchise and the 
continued strength of our capital ratio. We are 
committed to continuous improvement, striving to be 
better tomorrow than we are today. 
We reiterate our confidence in our underlying 
profitability, our solid capital position, our future growth 
prospects and continue our focus on consistently 
delivering value for both our customers and our 
shareholders.
TOMÁS Ó MIDHEACH
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
11
1  CBI Quarterly Bulletin No.4 2025 Group Chief Executive Officer
5 March 2026
FBD / STORM ÉOWYN
Storm Éowyn alongside the heavy snowfall in January 
led to a significant surge in claims activity. It is during 
these times that our customers rely on us the most.
On 24th January 2025 Storm Éowyn hit 
our shores, one of the most powerful and 
widespread wind events to hit Ireland with 
record-breaking wind gusts of 184km/h 
recorded, causing significant damage and 
leaving 750,000+ electricity

---

rs’ Report 200
Consolidated Income Statement 209
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income
210
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 211
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 213
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 214
Company Statement of Financial Position 215
Company Statement of Cash Flows 216
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 217
Notes to the Financial Statements 218
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
199
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
“Having FBD’s insurance and business-
support advice gave us the confidence 
to make bolder decisions—from hiring 
our team to taking on the building lease. 
Knowing we were covered allowed us 
to invest time and money into growth 
rather than worrying about risks.”
PICTURED: TABLE 45,
FBD BUSINESS INSURANCE CUSTOMER
Part of FBD's Support Local Business Campaign
Daniel Kavanagh
Co-founder - Table 45
12/08/25
Independent auditors’ report to the 
members of FBD Holdings plc
Report on the audit of the financial 
statements
Opinion
In our opinion, FBD Holdings plc’s consolidated financial statements and company financial statements 
(the “financial statements”):
• give a true and fair view of the group’s and the company’s assets, liabilities and financial position as 
at 31 December 2025 and of the group’s profit and the group’s  and the company’s cash flows for 
the year then ended;
• have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRSs”) as adopted by the European Union and, as regards the company’s financial statements, as 
applied in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014; and
• have been properly prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2014 and, 
as regards the consolidated financial statements, Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report, which comprise:
• the Consolidated and Company Statements of Financial Position as at 31 December 2025;
• the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the 
year then ended;
• the Consolidated and Company Statements of Cash Flows for the year then ended;
• the Consolidated and Company Statements of Changes in Equity for the year then ended; and
• the notes to the financial statements, which include a description of the accounting policies.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) (“ISAs 
(Ireland)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (Ireland) are further described in the 
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion.
Independence
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the financial statements in Ireland, which includes IAASA’s Ethical Standard as 
applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that other services prohibited by IAASA’s Ethical 
Standard were not provided.
Other than those disclosed in note 8 to the financial statements, we have provided no non-audit 
services to the company or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
200

---

ratio, net asset value per share, return on equity, underwriting result 
and gross written premium.
Results
The results for the year are shown in the Consolidated Income Statement on page 209, the 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on page  210, and the Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position on page 211.
Financial Instruments
The Group makes routine use of financial instruments in its activities. The use of financial instruments 
is material to an assessment of the financial statements. Detail on the Group’s financial risk 
management objectives and policies are included in the Risks and Uncertainties Report on pages 18 to 
27. The Group's exposure to liquidity, market, foreign currency, credit, concentration and insurance risk 
are included in note 37 of the financial statements. 
Dividends
Please refer to note 31 for further details. 
Subsequent Events
There have been no subsequent events that would have a material impact on the financial statements.
Principal Risk and Uncertainties
A description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are set out in the Risks and 
Uncertainties Report on pages 18 to 27. 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
35
Subsidiaries
The Company’s principal subsidiaries, as at 31 December 2025, are listed in note 32. 
Directors
The present Directors of the Company, together with a biography on each, are set out on pages 28 to 
33. The Board has decided that all Directors continuing in office will submit themselves for re-election 
at each Annual General Meeting (AGM). 
The Directors who served at any time during 2025 were as follows:
Jim Bergin Chair (Appointed Board Chair on 8 May 2025)
Tomás Ó Midheach Executive Director and Group Chief Executive Officer
Kate Tobin Executive Director and Group Chief Financial Officer 
Liam Herlihy Chair (Retired 8 May 2025) 
Sylvia Cronin Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Mary Brennan Independent Non-Executive Director (Retired 31 August 2025)
Olive Gaughan Independent Non-Executive Director 
Francie Gorman Independent Non-Executive Director 
Colm McGrattan Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed 8 September 2025)
Silvia Milián Bon Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed 23 December 2025) 
Patrick Murphy Non-Executive Director 
Richard Pike Independent Non-Executive Director
Jean Sharp Independent Non-Executive Director 
Paul Stanley Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed 19 September 2025)
Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is scheduled to be held on Thursday, 7 May 2026. The notice of 
the AGM of the Company will be sent to shareholders giving 21 clear days’ notice. 
Articles of Association 
The Company’s Articles of Association may only be amended by way of a special resolution approved 
by the shareholders. They were last amended, effective as of 12 May 2021, by way  of a special 
resolution passed at the Annual General Meeting held on that date.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
36
Directors’ and Company Secretary’s interests
The interests of the Directors and Company Secretary (together with their respective family interests) 
in the share capital of the Company, at 31 December 2025 (or date of departure, if earlier) and 1 
January 2025 (or date of appointment, if later) were as follows:
Beneficial
Number of ordinary shares 
of €0.60 each
31 December 
2025
1 January 
2025
Liam Herlihy (Retired 8 May 2025)  8,000  8,000 
Tomás Ó Midheach  105,999  62,900 
Kate Tobin  47,103  33,658 
Jim Bergin  —  — 
Mary Brennan (Retired 31 August 2025)  —  — 
Sylvia Cronin  —  — 
Olive Gaughan  —  — 
Francie Gorman  —  — 
Colm McGrattan (Appointed 8 September 2025)  —  — 
Silvia Milián Bon (Appointed 23 December 2025)  —  — 
Patrick Murphy  —  — 
Richard Pike  7,200  7,200 
Jean Sharp  —  — 
Paul Stanley (Appointed 19 September 2025)  —  — 
Company Secretary
Nadine Conlon  6,257  — 
There has been no change in the interests of the Directors and Company Secretary (together with 
their respective family interests) in the share capital of the Company from 31 December 2025 up to 
the date of this report. 
The interests of the Directors and the Company Secretary in conditional awards over the share capital 
of the Company under the shareholder approved Performance Share Plans are detailed in the Report 
on Directors’ Remuneration on pages 80 to 102.
European Communities (Takeover Bids (Directive 2004/25/EC)) 
Regulations 2006
For the purposes of Regulation 21 of the European Communities (Takeover Bids (Directive 2004/25/
EC)) Regulations 2006, the information on the Board of Directors on pages 28 to 33, the Performance 
Share Plans in note 35 and the Report on Directors’ Remuneration on pages 80 to 102 are deemed to 
be incorporated in this part of the Report of the Directors.
Structure of the Company’s share capital
At 5 March 2026, being the latest practicable date, the Company has an issued share capital 
(including treasury shares) of 36,386,309 ordinary shares of €0.60 each, 1,340,000 14% non-cumulative 
preference shares of €0.60 each, 3,532,292 8% non-cumulative preference shares of €0.60 each and 
13,169,428 “A” ordinary shares of €0.01 each. The Company has an authorised share capital of 
51,326,000 ordinary shares of €0.60 each, 1,340,000 14% non-cumulative preference shares of €0.60 
each, 12,750,000 8% non-cumulative preference shares of €0.60 each and 120,000,000 “A” ordinary 
shares of €0.01 each.
On an annual basis the Directors seek shareholder approval for certain powers relating to the 
Company’s shares. Pursuant to shareholder resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting held on 
8 May 2025, the Directors have the authority to allot shares up to an aggregate nominal value of 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
37
€7,107,642 representing approximately 33% of the issued ordinary share capital (excluding treasury 
shares) as at 31 March 2025. 
The Direct

---

market-based) by total net revenue. 
Total net revenue is calculated by adding Insurance 
revenue and Revenue from contracts with customers. 
See the Consolidated income Statement on page 209.
GHG intensity per net revenue 2025 2024
Total GHG emissions (location-based) per net revenue (tCO2eq/€'000) 0.06 0.09
Total GHG emissions (market-based) per net revenue (tCO2eq/€'000) 0.06 0.09
2025 2024
€'000 €'000
Insurance Revenue (per financial statements)  486,751  441,004 
Revenue from contracts with customers (per financial statements)  2,600  3,667 
Net revenue used to calculate GHG intensity  489,351  444,671 
Environmental Metric Methodologies
Direct GHG emissions (scope 1)
In line with the GHG protocol, we define Scope 1 
emissions as GHG emissions from sources owned or 
controlled by the Group. Our direct GHG emissions are 
principally the result of the consumption of the 
following: LPG, natural gas, heating oil and hydrocarbon 
oil. Total activity data for the Group is summed up by 
type of fuel and multiplied by relevant emission factors 
in order to calculate CO2eq emissions. UK Government 
data from the Department for Energy Security and Net 
Zero, and the Department for Environment, Food and 
Rural Affairs (DEFRA) emission factors are used to 
calculate CO2 equivalent of activity data.
Indirect GHG emissions (scope 2) 
In line with the GHG protocol, we define Scope 2 
emissions as an indirect emissions category that 
includes GHG emissions from the generation of 
purchased or acquired electricity, steam, heat, or cooling 
consumed by the Group. We calculate Location Based 
Emissions from all consumed electricity based on 
electricity usage invoices from energy suppliers. The 
total Kilowatt hours (kWh) consumed is taken for the 
suppliers and multiplied by the emission factor for the 
overall Irish power grid. The location-based emission 
factor is sourced from the CRU. 
Indirect GHG emissions (scope 3)
FBD defines Scope 3 as all other Indirect GHG emissions 
(not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain of 
the Group. Scope 3 is broken down into upstream 
emissions that occur in the supply chain for example, 
from production or extraction of purchased materials 
and downstream emissions that occur because of the 
use of FBD’s products or services. The GHG Protocol 
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and 
Reporting Standard categorises Scope 3 emissions into 
15 categories. FBD has assessed its Scope 3 emissions in 
line with the 15 Scope 3 emissions categories outlined 
by the GHG Protocol. The minimum boundary in the 
GHG Protocol consists of; equity investments, debt 
investments (with known use of proceeds), and project 
finance.
Category 1 consists of: 
• Relevant operating expenditure including investment 
management expenses multiplied by industry 
emission factors. The emissions factors used are 
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
145
taken from Exiobase. Expenses excluded from this 
calculation include employee costs, levies paid to 
regulatory bodies, depreciation and any expenses for 
which the emissions have already been captured, 
such as light and heat in Scope 1 and Scope 2 and 
employee travel in Scope 3 category 6.
• Water emissions, calculated by applying the DEFRA 
emission factor to FBD's expenses relating to water 
consumption. 
• Reinsurance premium paid is not included as it is 
classified as an optional category under the GHG 
Protocol. Claims costs are not included as this 
encompasses a wide range of activities that cannot 
be accurately represented by a single emission 
factor. 
Category 2 consists of industry emission factors 
applied to FBD's relevant capital expenditure. The 
emissions factors used are taken from Exiobase. The 
majority of FBD's capital spend is comprised of facilities 
and IT expenditure. The remainder is excluded as it 
relates to employee costs.
Category 3 consists of indirect cradle-to-gate 
emissions from fuel and electricity consumed multiplied 
by relevant emission factors. The emission factors used 
are the DEFRA Well to tank (WTT) for natural gas, 
kerosene and LPG and Transmission and distribution 
(T&D) for electricity.
Category 5 consists of an industry emissions factor 
applied to waste generated during the year. The 
emission factors used are DEFRA Waste to landfill and 
DEFRA mixed recycling.
Category 6 consists of industry emission factors 
applied to claimed mileage by vehicle type for 
employees who travel as part of their job. 
Category 7 consists of industry emission factors 
applied to employee travel to work. The emission factors 
used are the DEFRA Well to tank (WTT) for bus, rail, car 
an motorbike. Walking and cycling are assumed to have 
an emission factor of zero.
Category 13 consists of the emissions estimated from 
FBD's investment property, based on the electricity and 
gas consumption for buildings of a similar BER and floor 
space.
Category 15 consists of: 
• Corporate Bond Portfolio estimated emissions using 
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon footprint metrics 
provided by our investment manager as at 31 
December 2025.
• Risk Asset Portfolio estimated emissions using Scope 
1 and Scope 2 emissions data provided by our 
investment manager as at 30 September 2025. The 
portfolio remained materially unchanged between 30 
September 2025 and the reporting date. 
• Sovereign bond exposure is not included in the 
analysis as the GHG Protocol does not provide 
guidance on how to calculate these emissions.
• Emissions calculations for investments include 
extrapolation where no direct data for Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions is available. Data coverage is an 
industry wide issue which is expected to improve 
over time. Furthermore, we do not include Scope 3 
emissions from investments in our calculation, as the 
data is currently considered unreliable due to a lack 
of coverage, consistency in approach and validity.
Categories 4, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 14 are not material to 
FBD.
GHG removals and GHG mitigation 
projects financed through carbon 
credits
No GHG removals and storag

---

eceives additional remuneration from the Company apart from a Director’s fee, 
participates in the Group’s share plans, or is a member of the Group’s pension scheme; 
• has close family ties with any of the Company’s advisers, Directors or senior employees;
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
45
1 ESRS GOV-1 21a Number of executive members - subject to limited assurance
2 ESRS GOV-1 21a Number of non-executive members - subject to limited assurance
3 ESRS GOV-1 21e Percentage of independent board members - subject to limited assurance
• holds cross-directorships or has significant links with other Directors through involvement in other 
companies or bodies; 
• represents a significant shareholder; or 
• has served on the Board for more than nine years from the date of their first appointment. 
The Board is satisfied that the independence of the Non-Executive Directors has not  been 
compromised by these or any other factors.
Key Roles and Responsibilities
Chair
The role of the Chair is set out in the Corporate Governance Framework. The Chair is responsible, inter 
alia, for:
• setting the Board’s agendas and ensuring that they cover the key strategic issues confronting the 
business;
• leading the Board, encouraging discussions, challenging the Board’s mindsets and facilitating the 
appropriate level of debate, promoting a culture of openness and debate at Board meetings and 
ensuring that the Directors apply sufficient challenge to management proposals;
• nurturing relationships founded on mutual respect and open communication inside and outside the 
Boardroom, between the Non-Executive Directors and Senior Executives;
• facilitating the effective contribution of Non-Executive Directors in particular and ensuring 
constructive relations between Executive and Non-Executive Directors are maintained;
• ensuring that the Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information so that they can make a 
knowledgeable and informed contribution to Board discussions;
• ensuring the Board receive adequate training about the operations and performance of the 
Company to ensure Non-Executive Directors make informed decisions;
• ensuring that the performance of individual Directors and the Board as a whole and its Committees 
is evaluated on an annual basis;
• leading the Board appointment process in line with the Board Recruitment,  Succession and 
Diversity Policy;
• chairing the Annual General Meeting and dealing with questions from shareholders;
• ensuring that there is effective communication with shareholders;
• remaining a ppraised of matters relating to the Board and its individual Committees and taking 
steps to facilitate this, including having regular discussions with the Chairs of Board Committees;
• helping to ensure that the Board and its members receive appropriate training and other 
professional development to enable them to carry out their roles, including induction upon joining 
the Board; and
• overseeing the performance of the Board generally and, in conjunction with the Nominations 
Committee, overseeing the Board and its Committees in their annual self-evaluation and the annual 
review of the Board's performance.
Group Chief Executive Officer
The role of the Group Chief Executive Officer is set out in the Corporate Governance Framework. They 
are responsible, inter alia, for:
• overseeing the management of the day to day running of the Group’s business;
• formulating the strategic plans for the approval of the Board;
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
46
• communicating the standards of performance, strategy and goals of the Group to meet the 
objectives approved by the Board;
• overseeing and leading the implementation of strategy and the agreed programme of priority 
development initiatives;
• reviewing and communicating progress against the goals, providing direction to the Group’s 
employees, removing barriers to achieving the goals and allocating the Group’s resources to the 
areas of greatest importance;
• advising the Board on all matters concerning organisational strategy and performance;
• implementing and promoting a robust risk and governance culture;
• implementing and promoting a diverse and inclusive culture;
• providing career development and succession throughout the organisation, particularly at executive 
management level; and
• representing FBD externally with shareholders, customers, regulators, media, providers and the 
public.
Senior Independent Director
The Senior Independent Director is responsible for:
• being available to shareholders if they have any concerns which contact through the normal 
channels of Chair, Group Chief  Executive Officer or other Executive Directors has failed to resolve 
or for which such contact is inappropriate; 
• leading the annual appraisal of the performance of the Chair; 
• acting as a sounding board for the Chair; and
• serving as an intermediary for the other Non-Executive Directors where necessary.
Company Secretary
The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Board and to its Committees. In so doing, they are 
responsible for:
• advising the Board, through the Chair, on all governance matters;
• ensuring good information flows within the Board and its Committees and between  senior 
management and Non-Executive Directors;
• facilitating induction and assisting with professional development as required; 
• having responsibility for ensuring that Board procedures are complied with; and
• regularly reviewing the Board governance processes with a view to ensuring they are fit for 
purpose.
Board effectiveness and performance evaluation
Board effectiveness is reviewed annually as part of the Board’s performance evaluation process. The 
Chair is responsible for ensuring that each Director receives an induction on joining the Board and that 
they receive any additional training they require. The induction itself is organised and delivered by the 
Company Secretary, other members of the Executive Management Team and by

---

cy and Variable Pay 
Policy;
• determining the total remuneration packages for the foregoing individuals, including salaries, 
variable remuneration, pension and other benefit provision and any compensation on termination of 
office;
• ensuring that remuneration schemes promote long-term shareholdings by Executive Directors that 
support alignment with long-term shareholder interests;
• ensuring that the Group operates to recognised good governance standards in relation to 
remuneration;
• determining whether performance criteria has been met for the vesting of any share awards under 
the Group’s approved share scheme;
• making awards of shares under the Group’s approved share scheme;
• preparation of the detailed Report on Directors’ Remuneration; and
• reporting to the Board on how the Committee has discharged its responsibilities. 
Meetings
The Committee met five times during 2025. Only members of the Committee have the right to attend 
Committee meetings. However, other individuals may be invited or required to attend meetings at the 
discretion of the Committee or the Committee Chair. 
The minutes of Committee meetings are available to the Board. The Committee Chair also provides a 
verbal report to the Board after each Committee meeting. The Committee reports formally to the 
Board annually on the overall work undertaken and the degree to which it discharged the 
responsibilities delegated to it.
Activities of the Committee during 2025
The principal activities undertaken by the Committee during 2025 include:
• reviewing and approving Committee Minutes;
• reviewing and approving the grant and release of the Long Term Incentive Plan award;
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
65
• reviewing and approving the performance conditions on conditional awards made under the Long 
Term Incentive Plan award;
• reviewing and recommending the approval of the Remuneration Policy, the Directors Remuneration 
Policy and the Variable Pay Policy to the Board;
• approving the allotment of shares pursuant to the vesting of share awards;
• approving the application for admission of shares to Euronext;
• reviewing and approving Variable Remuneration for Executive Directors and other Senior 
Executives; 
• receiving an update from the Group Chief Risk Officer on the proposed performance conditions;
• reviewing and approving the performance remuneration arrangements including performance 
conditions;
• reviewing and approving the annual Bonus Pool; 
• receiving updates on Gender Pay and reviewing the Gender Pay Gap Report 2025; 
• receiving an update on Auto-Enrolment;
• reviewing the Annual Report on Director Remuneration arrangements;
• reviewing the mechanism for the deferral of shares for Executive Directors;
• reviewing and recommending to the Board a change to the Rules of the Long Term Incentive 
Scheme Rules;
• reviewing the Committee's Terms of Reference, and recommending to Board for approval; and
• reporting regularly to the Board on its activities through verbal updates, and through an annual 
report to the Board outlining how the Committee has discharged its responsibilities.
Full details of Directors’ Remuneration are set in the Report on Directors Remuneration on pages 80 to 
102.
Evaluation
The Committee has reviewed the activities which it performed and its overall effectiveness and has 
concluded that it has operated effectively in providing the Board with the assurances needed to 
discharge its responsibilities.
Richard Pike
On behalf of the Remuneration Committee
5 March 2026
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
66
Engagement with Stakeholders1
FBD has identified the following as its key stakeholders:
• Investors.
• Own Workforce.
• Customers.
• Regulators.
• Government and Industry Bodies.
• Wider Society and ESG. 
The Boar d is committed to ensuring that excellent lines of communication exist and are fostered 
between the Group and its stakeholders. The Board has approved a Stakeholder Framework which 
outlines FBD's approach to communicating with and hearing its stakeholders. This Framework is 
reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that the approach to engagement with Stakeholders remains 
appropriate and effective.
The Board recognises that to succeed in a highly competitive environment, it is important to have 
strong focus on its key stakeholders.
The Board is regularly updated on stakeholder engagement and their views. The interests of all FBD's 
stakeholders are outlined and considered in Board decision making allowing the Board to have an 
understanding of the impacts of its decisions on stakeholders. The Board believe it is important to 
ensure that it receives the necessary information on issues affecting its key stakeholders.
Outlined below is an overview of the arrangements in place of how FBD engages with its stakeholders 
and gains an understanding of their views. 
Engagement with Investors
A planned programme of investor relations activities is undertaken throughout the year which includes:
• briefing meetings with major shareholders after the full year and half yearly results announcements;
• regular meetings between institutional investors and analysts with the Group Chief Executive 
Officer, Group Chief Financial Officer along with the Head of Corporate Strategy and Investor 
Relations to discuss business performance and strategy and to address any issues of concern; and
• responding to letters, requests and queries received directly from shareholders and from proxy 
adviser firms.
The Board receives reporting on shareholder engagement which includes details of meetings held, 
feedback received and issues either of interest or of concern raised. Any issues arising are addressed 
and discussed at Board meetings.
The Annual General Meeting is the main platform for shareholders to share their views with the Board 
and to ask questions. Further information on the Annual General Meeting can be found on page  70. 
The Board keep under review the votes of sharehold

---

e motor allowance and an agreed percentage contribution to 
health and other insurance costs.
Element and link to 
strategy Policy and operation 2025
Pension Provision (fixed remuneration)
To provide market 
competitive benefits and 
reward performance over a 
long period, enabling 
Executives to save for 
retirement
Since 2020, the Remuneration Policy ensures that all newly appointed Executive Directors 
receive defined contribution pension benefits (or equivalent cash in lieu), in line with 
existing scheme arrangements available to the wider workforce.
All Executive Director’s pensions are in line with the wider workforce.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
87
Element and link to 
strategy Policy and operation 2025
Annual Performance Bonuses (variable remuneration)
To reward achievement of 
Group targets, personal 
performance and 
contribution
Annual bonus is based on stretching performance conditions set by the Remuneration 
Committee at the start of the year. The maximum opportunity level under the Policy for 
the Group Chief Executive Officer is 120% of base salary and 100% of base salary for 
other Executive Directors. In a given year, the Committee may determine that a maximum 
opportunity level below the above Policy levels will be operated.
Annual bonus outcomes will be determined based on performance against Group financial 
targets and the achievement of defined individual strategic objectives. The Remuneration 
Committee will determine the performance measures, their weightings and the calibration 
of targets each year and will clearly disclose these in the Remuneration Report.
Financial targets will determine the majority of the bonus. Financial targets will be set in 
a manner which will encourage enhanced performance in the best interests of the Group 
and its shareholders and will be approved by the Remuneration Committee.
In addition, if annual Group profit before tax does not reach a minimum level, to be 
determined annually by the Remuneration Committee after the budget has been 
approved, then the bonus may be revised downwards potentially to zero, the ultimate 
discretion over which rests with the Remuneration Committee following consultation with 
the Group Chief Executive Officer.
Individual performance will be assessed against agreed performance objectives, which 
will include a risk objective to ensure that all employees identify, evaluate and mitigate 
and control risks as part of our overall objectives to meet the organisation’s strategic 
goals.
The Remuneration Committee has the discretion to override formulaic outcomes in 
circumstances where it judges it would be appropriate to do so. Any such discretion 
would be fully disclosed in the relevant Annual Report.
Any bonus payments are subject to the potential for the Remuneration Committee to 
apply provisions to withhold, reduce or require the repayment of awards for up to two 
years after payment if there is found to have been (a) material misstatement of the 
Group's financial results or (b) gross misconduct on the part of the individual.
30% of any Executive Director bonus will be deferred into FBD shares for a period of 
three years. This practice will allow the Committee to have flexibility to apply clawback if 
circumstances warranted.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
88
Element and link to 
strategy Policy and operation
Long Term Incentives - the FBD Performance Share Plan (variable remuneration)
To align the financial 
interests of Executives 
with those of shareholders
The LTIP was approved by shareholders in 2018. Under the LTIP, the Remuneration 
Committee may, at its sole discretion, make conditional awards of shares to Executives.
Conditional awards of shares under the LTIP are limited to 10% in aggregate with any 
other employee share plan of the Company's issued ordinary shares of €0.60 each over a 
rolling 10 year period. The market value of shares which are the subject of a conditional 
award to an individual may not, in any financial year, normally exceed 150% of the 
participants base salary as at the date of the grant.
The Remuneration Committee set performance conditions each year, selecting appropriate 
metrics based on key strategic priorities. The period over which the performance 
conditions applying to a conditional award under the LTIP are measured may not be less 
than three years. The extent to which a conditional award may vest in the future will be 
determined by the Remuneration Committee by reference to the performance conditions 
set at the time of the reward.
These conditions are designed to ensure alignment between the economic interest of the 
plan participants and those of shareholders. Different conditions, or the same conditions 
in different proportions, can be used by the Remuneration Committee in different years 
under the LTIP rules, provided that the Committee is satisfied that they are challenging 
targets and that they are aligned with the interest of the Group's shareholders.
Consistent with prior periods, the LTIP rules allow the Remuneration Committee (at its 
sole discretion) to make awards which may be subject to an additional post vesting 
holding period. Awards will vest after three years once applicable performance conditions 
have been achieved and the vested shares (net of tax) will be required to be held for a 
further two year period to provide continued alignment with shareholders. The 
Remuneration Committee has the discretion to override formulaic outcomes in 
circumstances where it judges it would be appropriate to do so and any such discretion 
will be fully disclosed in the relevant Annual Report.
The LTIP includes provisions that allow the Remuneration Committee to withhold, reduce 
or require the repayment of rewards for up to two years after vesting (i.e. up to five years 
after grant) if there is found to have been (a) material misstatements of the Group's 
financial results or (b) gross misconduct on the part of the award

---

laries of other Executive Directors in the Group and current market levels for 
the role.
The Remuneration Committee has determined that the level of pension contribution for any newly 
appointed Executive Director will be set in line with levels in operation for the majority of the 
workforce, as is the case with all employees.
Other fixed benefits will be considered in light of relevant market practice for the role and the 
provisions in place for Executive Directors.
In exceptional circumstances or where the Remuneration Committee determines that it is necessary 
for the recruitment of key executives, the Remuneration Committee reserves the right to offer 
additional cash and/or share-based payments. Such payments may take into account remuneration 
relinquished when leaving the former employer and would reflect the nature, time horizons and 
performance requirements attached to the remuneration. The Remuneration Committee may also grant 
share awards on hiring an external candidate to buy out awards which will be forfeited on leaving a 
previous employer.
For an internal appointment, the Remuneration Committee reserves the right to offer additional cash 
and/or share-based payments on an internal promotion when it considers this to be in the best 
interests of the Group and its shareholders.
Service Contracts
The service contract for the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Group Chief Financial Officer 
provide for the following periods of notice of termination of employment:
Executive From Company From CEO/CFO
Tomás Ó Midheach Group CEO 12 Months 6 Months
Kate Tobin Group CFO 6 Months 6 Months
Termination Payments
Termination payments will be related to performance achieved over the whole period of activity and 
designed in a way that does not reward failure.
Bonus awards will generally be pro-rated to reflect the performance period, which was worked, and 
the performance outcomes achieved, although the Remuneration Committee retains discretion to dis-
apply such pro-ration where it would be appropriate in the circumstances.
In the event of an Executive Director leaving before an LTIP award vests for reasons other than death, 
redundancy, injury, ill health or disability retirement with the agreement of the Remuneration 
Committee or any other reason approved by the Remuneration Committee, the awards of the 
Executive Directors will lapse, except that the Remuneration Committee may at any time prior to 
vesting, in its absolute discretion revoke any determination to permit awards to vest where an 
Executive Director breaches a protective covenant.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
90
Non-Executive Director Remuneration
The remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors is determined by the Board and reflects the time 
commitment and responsibilities of their role. In setting this level, the Board has regard to the fees 
payable to the Non-Executive Directors of the other Irish publicly listed companies and also to the 
developments and policy for the remuneration of the employees in the wider Group.
Non-Executive Directors receive a basic fee. Additional fees are paid for acting as Senior Independent 
Director, Director of Engagement with the Workforce, being a member of and/or chairing Committees. 
Non-Executive Directors are not members of the Group's pension schemes and are not eligible for 
participation in the Group's long-term incentive schemes.
Derogation from Remuneration Policy
The Remuneration Committee intends that remuneration arrangements will operate in accordance with 
the above Remuneration Policy for a four-year period or until an amended Remuneration Policy is put to 
shareholders for approval. The European Union (Shareholders' Rights) Regulations 2020 allow for the 
potential for a temporary derogation from the Remuneration Policy where doing so is necessary in 
exceptional circumstances, to serve the long-term interests and sustainability of the traded plc as a 
whole or to assure its viability.
By definition, it is not possible to fully list all such exceptional circumstances, but the Remuneration 
Committee would only use such ability to apply a derogation after careful consideration and where the 
Remuneration Committee considers the circumstances were truly exceptional and the consequences 
for the Group and shareholders of not doing so would be significantly detrimental. Where time allowed 
shareholders would be consulted prior to applying such a change, or at a minimum where this was not 
possible, the full details of the derogation would be communicated as soon as practical (e.g. by market 
announcement/on the Group's website) and disclosed in detail in the next Remuneration Report. Under 
the potential derogation, the Remuneration Committee would have the ability to vary the elements of 
the remuneration described in the above table, including levels of performance conditions applicable 
to incentive arrangements.
Remuneration Report
The information on pages 80 to 102 of the Report on Directors' Remuneration identified as audited 
forms an integral part of the audited financial statements as described in note 7 to the financial 
statements on page 244. All other information in the report on Directors Remuneration is additional 
information and does not form part of the audited financial statements. The difference between fixed 
and variable pay (excluding granted LTIP) is shown in the table below.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
91
Executive and Non-Executive Directors’ Remuneration details
The following table sets out in detail the remuneration payable by the Group in respect of any Director 
who held office for any part of the financial year:
Executive Directors Remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 
31 December 2024 (Audited) 
Executive Directors:
Tomás Ó Midheach Kate Tobin
2025 2024 2025 2024
€000s €000s €000s €000s
Salary1,2,3  575  555  322  311 
Benefits4  40  40  19  16 
Pension Contribution5  46  44  26  25 
Total

---

efits relate  to a motor allowance and contribution towards health insurance costs and car 
insurance costs as well as other contractual benefits.
5. Pension contributions relate to contributions to a defined contribution pension scheme.
6. 2025: Bonuses of €516,155 and €144,755 were awarded to Mr. Ó Midheach and Ms. Tobin under 
the bonus scheme in 2025. The bonuses were calculated in accordance with the Annual 
Performance Arrangements described earlier and both Mr. Ó Midheach and Ms. Tobin's bonuses 
were approved by the Remuneration Committee. 2024: Bonuses of €656,000 and €184,000 were 
awarded to Mr. Ó Midheach and Ms. Tobin under the bonus scheme in 2024. The bonuses were 
calculated in accordance with the Annual Performance Arrangements described earlier and both 
Mr. Ó Midheach's and Ms. Tobin's bonuses were approved by the Remuneration Committee. 
7. Vested LTIP in year relates to 2021-2023 LTIP vesting in 2024 and 2022-2024 LTIP vesting in 
2025.
8. The total remuneration for Executive Directors was €2,634,000 (2024: €2,821,000).
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
92
Non Executive Directors Remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2025 
(or date of departure, if earlier) and 31 December 2024 (Audited) 
Non Executive Directors:
Fees1 €000s Number of ordinary shares 
of €0.60 each
2025 2024 31 December 
2025
31 December 
2024
Liam Herlihy (Chair to May 2025) 8  65  183  8,000  8,000 
Olive Gaughan2  94  54  —  — 
Francie Gorman3  72  22  —  — 
Patrick Murphy  72  72  —  — 
Mary Brennan9  79  119  —  — 
Sylvia Cronin  119  98  —  — 
Richard Pike13  193  147  7,200  7,200 
Jim Bergin4 (Chair from May 2025)  153  8  —  — 
David O’Connor5  —  89  —  1,500 
John O'Dwyer6  —  89  —  — 
Jean Sharp  108  103  —  — 
Tim Cullinan7  —  54  —  — 
Colm McGrattan 10  26  —  —  — 
Paul Stanley 11  28  —  —  — 
Silvia Milián Bon 12  2  —  —  — 
Total  1,011  1,038  15,200  16,700 
Notes
1. Fees were paid to Non-Executive Directors. 
2. Olive Gaughan joined the FBD Board on 22 May 2024.
3. Francie Gorman joined the FBD Board on 9 September 2024.
4. Jim Bergin joined the FBD Board on 19 November 2024 and became Chair of the Board on 8 May 
2025.
5. David O'Connor sadly passed away on the 12 April 2024.
6. John O'Dwyer sadly passed away on the 24 November 2024.
7. Tim Cullinan retired from the Board on 9 September 2024.
8. Liam Herlihy retired from the Board on 8 May 2025.
9. Mary Brennan retired from the Board on 31 August 2025.
10. Colm McGrattan was appointed to the Board on 8 September 2025.
11. Paul Stanley was appointed to the Board on 19 September 2025. Payment in respect of Paul 
Stanley for 2025 includes €3,000 representing an underpayment that was paid in early 2026.
12. Silvia Milián Bon was appointed to the Board on 23 December 2025.
13. Payment in respect of Richard Pike for 2025 includes additional € 5,000 representing an 
underpayment for 2024.
Base Salary
The base salaries effective from 1 April 2025 were €581,256 for the Group CEO and €326,025 for the 
Group CFO. Further detail was provided in the 2024 Directors’ Remuneration Report.
FBD Holdings
Annual Report 2025
Management's 
Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
93
Determination of Annual Performance Bonus for the year ended 
31 December 20251,2 
As previously noted, the overall Annual Performance Bonus arrangements, the targets and their 
achievement are approved by the Remuneration Committee each year. Specifically, the Remuneration 
Committee approves the merit pay and bonus arrangements for the Executive Directors in line with 
FBD’s Remuneration Policy.
In 2025 the Remuneration Committee included a profit threshold that had to be reached in order to 
qualify for bonus.
The Group’s short and long-term remuneration philosophy is to ensure that remuneration is aligned to 
FBD’s purpose and values, supports strategy and promotes long-term success of the Group.
Remuneration includes performance-related elements designed to align Directors’ interests with those 
of shareholders and to promote long-term sustainable growth and performance in line with our 
strategy. Market-competitive total remuneration is structured to attract, motivate and retain 
individuals of the highest quality.
The following objectives were set for the Executive Directors for 2025:
Executive 
Director Objective Measure of Success Result
Tomás Ó 
Midheach
Operational 
Excellence
Achieve our key operational metrics delivering retention and 
service and our day to day goals throughout the year. Achieved
Technology & 
Innovation
Continue to deliver transformational targets in terms of core 
replacement and digital delivery. Achieved
Strategy
Deliver key strategy in respect of our five key stakeholders, Our 
Investors, The Regulator, Our People, Wider Society and Our 
Customer. Meaningful progress made following the launch of 
FBD's purpose, strategy and values.
Achieved
ESG
Continue to enhance ESG strategy and ensure key deliverables 
are aligned across the business with appropriate communication 
and engagement plan for investors, customers and employees.
Achieved
People & 
Culture
Focus on key values continuous improvement, engagement and 
accountability to build a high performing engaged workforce. 
Progression of career development and succession plans for 
senior leaders.
Achieved
Kate Tobin Financial 
Strategy
Strong balance sheet management and management of overall 
group profitability. Effectively and proactively manage investor 
relations.
Achieved
ESG
Continue to enhance ESG strategy and key deliverables are 
aligned across the business with appropriate communication and 
engagement plan for investors, customers and employees.
Achieved
People & 
Culture
Positive internal and external communications creating strong 
relationships with key stakeholders and regulatory bodies. Achieved
The following bonus conditions were agreed by the Remuneration Committee for Executive Directors 
in respect of performance for 2025.
Weighting
Undiscounted Combined Operating Ratio  60.0 %
Grow Farmer P