Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 48 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 85 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 87 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 87 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 87 Item 9B. Other Information 88 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 88 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 89 Item 11. Executive Compensation 97 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 130 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 132 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 133 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 134 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 197 Signatures 198 2 Tab le of C ontents Part I Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements or information ( statements) within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and other applicable securities laws of the United States and Canada, and is subject to the safe harbors created by those provisions. Words such as “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “could”, “would”, “might”, “will” and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify statements. In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are statements, and based on our current expectations, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. statements reflect our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions, which are based on management’s perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The statements contained in this report are based on certain assumptions including the following: (i) countries continuing to implement and enforce existing and additional customs and security regulations relating to the provision of electronic information for imports and exports; (ii) our continued operation of a secure and reliable business network; (iii) the stability of general political, economic and market conditions, including any potential recession and current or threatened tariffs or trade restrictions; (iv) our ability to manage inflation, including increased labour costs associated with attracting and retaining employees and higher interest rates; (v) our continued ability to manage certain foreign currency risk through hedging; (vi) equity and debt markets continuing to provide us with access to capital; (vii) our continued ability to identify, source and finance attractive and executable business combination opportunities, as well as our ability to continue to successfully integrate any such opportunities, including in accordance with the expected timeframe and/or cost budget for such integration; (viii) our continued ability to avoid infringing intellectual property rights; and (ix) our ability to successfully implement our restructuring plans. Management’s estimates, beliefs and assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. We can give no assurance that such estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct. These statements involve known and unknown risks as well as uncertainties, which include (i) the impact of the and Middle East conflicts and other geopolitical disputes on our business; and (ii) those discussed herein and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended June 30, 2025, which are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The actual results that we achieve may differ materially from any statements, which reflect management's current expectations and projections about future results only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these statements. A number of factors may materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. These factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors”, and statements set forth in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as other documents we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and Canadian securities regulators. Any one of these factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. You should not rely too heavily on the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these statements are relevant only as of the date they were made. The Company's fiscal year begins on July 1 and ends on June 30. Unless otherwise noted, any reference to a year preceded by the word “Fiscal” refers to the fiscal year ended June 30 of that year. For example, references to “Fiscal 2025” refer to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars and, unless otherwise indicated, all amounts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars. Due to rounding, certain totals and subtotals may not foot and certain percentages may not reconcile. References herein to the “Company”, “OpenText”, “we” or “us” refer to Open Text Corporation and, unless context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries. 3 Tab le of C ontents Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of material risks described below in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, is not necessarily presented in order of importance, and it should be read in conjunction with the “Risk Factors” section and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to our Business and Industry • If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements used by our customers, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected. • Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs. • Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient or timely return. • If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected. • Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively. • Other companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase costs and materially harm our ability to generate future revenues and profits. • Our software products and services may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues and expose us to litigation. • Our software products rely on the stability of infrastructure software that, if not stable, could negatively impact the effectiveness of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business. • Risks associated with the evolving use of the Internet, including changing standards, competition and regulation and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business. • Unauthorized disclosures, , breaches of data security and other information technology risks may adversely affect our operations. • Our success depends on our relationships with strategic partners, distributors and service providers and any reduction in the sales efforts by distributors, cooperative efforts from our partners or service from providers could materially impact our revenues. • Business disruptions, including those arising from disasters, pandemics or catastrophic events, may adversely affect our operations. • The loss of licenses to resell or use software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely affect our business. • Current and future competitors could have a significant impact on our ability to generate future revenues and profits. • The length of our sales cycle can fluctuate significantly which could result in significant fluctuations in revenues being recognized from quarter to quarter. • Our existing customers might cancel contracts with us, fail to renew contracts on their renewal dates and/or fail to purchase additional services and products, and we may be unable to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our operating results. • Consolidation in the industry, particularly by large, companies, could place pressure on our operating margins which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business. • We may be unable to maintain or expand our base of small and businesses (SMBs) and consumer customers, which could adversely affect our anticipated future growth and operating results. • Our sales to government clients expose us to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions, penalties and changes in government spending and policies. • Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, including the and Middle East conflicts, have affected and may continue to affect our business. • Our global operations expose us to risks associated with an evolving international trade and tariff environment, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • The restructuring of certain of our operations may be ineffective, may adversely affect our business and our finances, and we may incur additional restructuring charges in connection with such actions. • We must continue to manage our internal resources during periods of company growth, or our operating results could be adversely affected. • If we lose the services of our executive officers or other key employees or if we are not able to attract or retain top employees, our business could be significantly harmed. • Our compensation structure may hinder our efforts to attract and retain vital employees. 4 Tab le of C ontents • Increasing corporate citizenship expectations, regulatory complexity, and disclosure obligations may negatively impact our business, financial performance, and reputation. • Our workforce includes both remote and hybrid employees, which subjects us to certain operational challenges and risks. Risks Related to Acquisitions and Divestitures • Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and other business initiatives may negatively affect our operating results. • We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions and divestitures, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. • We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses or do so within the intended timeframes, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. • Loss of key personnel could impair the integration of acquired businesses, lead to loss of customers and a decline in revenues, or otherwise could have an adverse effect on our operations. • Businesses we acquire may have disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, cybersecurity and compliance with data privacy laws that are weaker than or otherwise not in conformity with ours. Risks Related to Laws and Regulatory Compliance • Our provision for income taxes and effective income tax rate may vary significantly and may adversely affect our results of operations and cash resources. • As part of the ongoing audit of our Canadian tax returns by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), we have received notices of, and are appealing, reassessments for Fiscal 2012 through Fiscal 2020. An adverse outcome of these ongoing audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. • Risks associated with data privacy issues, including evolving laws and regulations and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business. • Certain of our products may be perceived as, or determined by the courts to be, a violation of privacy rights and related laws. Any such perception or determination could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. • Artificial Intelligence (AI) and other machine learning technology is being integrated into some of our products, systems or solutions, which could present risks and challenges to our business. Risks Related to our Financial Condition • We may not generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our unfunded pension obligations. • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect our financial results. • Our indebtedness could limit our operations and opportunities. Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock • Our revenues and operating results are likely to fluctuate, which could materially impact the market price of our Common Shares. • Changes in the market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities could lead to losses for shareholders and debt holders. General Risks • Unexpected events may materially harm our ability to align when we incur expenses with when we recognize revenues. • We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors. • Our international operations expose us to business, political and economic risks. • We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. • The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors. • Our operating results could be adversely affected by any weakening of economic conditions. • Stress in the global financial system may adversely affect our finances and operations. 5 Tab le of C ontents Item 1. Business Incorporated in 1991, OpenText has grown to be a leader in Information Management offering a comprehensive line of Information Management products and services that power and protect businesses of all sizes. OpenText’s Information Management solutions manage the creation, capture, use, analysis and lifecycle of structured and unstructured data. Our Information Management solutions are designed to help organizations extract value and insights from their information, secure that information and meet the growing list of privacy and compliance requirements. OpenText helps customers improve efficiencies, redefine business models and transform industries. Our products are available in private cloud, public cloud, and application programming interface (API) cloud, or any combination thereof, to support the customer’s preferred deployment option. In providing choice and flexibility, we strive to maximize the lifetime value of the relationship with our customers and support their information-led transformation journey. Business Overview and Strategy About OpenText OpenText is an Information Management company that provides software and services that empower digital businesses of all sizes to become more intelligent, connected, secure and responsible. The comprehensive OpenText Information Management platform and services provide secure and scalable solutions for global enterprises, SMBs, governments and consumers around the world. With critical tools and services for connecting and classifying data, OpenText accelerates customers’ ability to deploy AI, automate work, and strengthen productivity. The benefits of interconnected information enable customers to enhance , meet new compliance standards, manage across environments, and stay cyber resilient with secure data. With rising compliance standards for data management, security and corporate citizenship factors, OpenText empowers customers with foresight and trust. Our products are fundamentally integrated into the operations and existing software systems of our customers’ businesses, so customers can securely manage the complexity of information flow . Through automation and AI, we connect, synthesize and deliver information when and where needed to drive new efficiencies, experiences and insights. We make information more valuable by connecting it to digital business processes, enriching it with insights, protecting and securing it throughout its entire lifecycle and leveraging it to create engaging digital experiences. Our solutions connect large digital supply chains, information technology (IT) service management ecosystems, application development and delivery workflows, and processes in many industries including manufacturing, healthcare and life sciences, energy, retail and financial services. Our solutions also enable organizations and consumers to secure their information so that they can collaborate with confidence, stay ahead of the regulatory technology curve and identify threats across their endpoints and networks. With a security approach, we have a wide range of OpenText Cybersecurity solutions that power and protect at the data management layer, at the infrastructure and application layers, at the code, and at the edge, offering insights and threat intelligence across it all. Our investments in research and development (R&D) push product innovation, increasing the value of our offerings to our installed customer base and to new customers, which include Global 10,000 companies (G10K), SMBs and consumers. Our R&D leverages our existing investments in the OpenText Cloud with the aim of ensuring that all our cloud products provide our customers with insights, meet compliance regulations and provide a seamless experience across our portfolio. Businesses of all sizes rely on a combination of public and private clouds, managed cloud services and solutions. Looking ahead, the destination for our customers is hybrid (on cloud and ) and and our innovation roadmap is designed to provide flexibility in all environments. On January 31, 2023, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Micro Focus International Limited, formerly Micro Focus International plc (Micro Focus), a leading provider of software technology and services that help customers accelerate digital transformation, for a total purchase price of $6.2 billion (the Micro Focus Acquisition), inclusive of Micro Focus’ cash and repayment of Micro Focus’ outstanding indebtedness. On May 1, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our Application Modernization and Connectivity (AMC) business to Rocket Software, Inc. (Rocket Software) for $2.275 billion in cash before taxes, fees and other adjustments (the AMC Divestiture). During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, working capital and other adjustments were finalized, which resulted in a payment of $11.7 million to Rocket Software, and a decrease to the gain on the AMC Divestiture by $4.2 million. We used the net proceeds from the AMC Divestiture to complete a $2.0 billion debt reduction, which resulted in the termination of the Term Loan B (as defined below) and the reduction of amounts outstanding under the Acquisition Term Loan (as defined below). 6 Tab le of C ontents Our Products and Services We leverage a common set of technologies, processes and systems to deliver our complete and integrated portfolio of Information Management solutions at scale to meet the demands and needs of a global market. Our solutions are marketed and delivered on the OpenText Cloud Platform, which supports customer deployments from private cloud to public cloud to to application programming interface (API). Our architectural approach puts at the forefront the ability for customers to have the flexibility and customization they need in a hybrid world. The OpenText Cloud is a comprehensive Information Management platform consisting of six business clouds: our Content Cloud, Cybersecurity Cloud, DevOps Cloud, Business Network Cloud, Observability and Service Management Cloud and Analytics Cloud. With embedded AI and analytics, our solutions improve business insight, employee productivity, customer experiences, asset utilization, collaboration, supply chain efficiency and risk management. Our innovation roadmap is focused on investing a significant amount of our R&D in cloud and AI capabilities. This includes continuing to enhance the capabilities and deployment options of the acquired Micro Focus products, growing our public cloud and API offerings, driving deep integrations through with partners, integrating security, analytics and AI solutions throughout our offerings and investing to meet new compliance standards. Our platform offers , and security. Information is secured at the data level, by security, context rights and security. We also provide encryption at rest for security. Below is a listing of our Information Management solutions. For the year ended June 30, 2025, total revenues is comprised of 40% from Content Cloud, 25% from Cybersecurity Cloud, 10% from Business Network Cloud, 10% from DevOps Cloud, 10% from Observability and Service Management Cloud, and 5% from Analytics Cloud. Total cloud services and subscriptions revenue is comprised of 30% from Business Network Cloud, 30% from Cybersecurity Cloud and 25% from Content Cloud, with the remaining 15% between the three other business clouds. Content Cloud Our Content Cloud is our largest business cloud and includes robust content management, improved integrations and intelligent automation. It connects content to the digital business eliminating silos and providing convenient, secure and compliant remote access to both structured and unstructured data, boosting productivity and insights and reducing risk. Our solutions manage the lifecycle, distribution, use and analysis of information across the organization, from capture through archiving and disposition. Our Content solutions range from content collaboration and intelligent capture to records management, collaboration, e-signatures and archiving, and are available , on a cloud provider of the customer’s choice, as a subscription in the 7 Tab le of C ontents OpenText Cloud, in a hybrid environment or as a managed service. Our Content solutions enable customers to capture data from paper, electronic files and other sources and transform it into digital content delivered directly into content management solutions, business processes and analytic applications. Our customers can protect critical historical information within a secure, centralized archiving solution. OpenText Content adheres to the Content Management Interoperability Services (CMIS) standard and support a broad range of operating systems, databases, application servers and applications. Our Content solutions integrate with the applications that manage critical business processes, such as SAP® S/4HANA, SAP® SuccessFactors®, Salesforce®, Microsoft® Office 365® and other software systems and applications, establishing the foundation for intelligent business process and content workflow automation. By connecting unstructured content with structured data workflows, our Content solutions allow users to have the content they need, when they need it, reducing errors, driving greater business insight and increasing efficiency. Also within Content Cloud, our Experience Cloud powers smarter experiences that drive revenue growth and customer loyalty. Our Experience solutions create, manage, track and optimize omnichannel interactions throughout the customer journey, from acquisition to retention, and integrate with systems of record including Salesforce® and SAP®. The OpenText Experience platform enables businesses to gain insights into their customer interactions and optimize them to improve customer lifetime value. The platform includes solutions and extensions that deliver highly personalized content and engagements along a continuous customer journey. With analytics, the Experience Cloud can evaluate and deliver optimized user experiences at scale to ensure every point of interaction, whether physical or digital, on any device, is engaging and personalized. The Experience Cloud platform includes a range of solutions from Customer Experience Management (CXM), Web Content Management (WCM), Digital Asset Management (DAM), Customer Analytics, AI & Insights, eDiscovery, Digital Fax, Omnichannel Communications, Secure Messaging, Voice of Customer (VoC), as well as customer journey, testing and segmentation. Cybersecurity Cloud Our Cybersecurity solutions provide organizations and SMBs with capabilities to protect, prevent, detect, respond and quickly recover from threats across endpoints, network, applications, IT infrastructure and data, all with threat intelligence. OpenText Cybersecurity aims to protect critical information and processes through threat intelligence, forensics, identity, encryption, and application security. At the data layer, OpenText Cybersecurity helps customers be with uninterrupted access and protection of business data against cyber threats. With Carbonite Endpoint, Carbonite Server, Carbonite Backup and Information Archiving, we help ensure customers have visibility across all endpoints, devices and networks, for proactive discovery of sensitive data, identification of threats and sound data collection for investigation. At the infrastructure and application layer, OpenText Cybersecurity solutions help detect issues and respond to and remediate threats. Our full suite of capabilities includes Application Security (Fortify), Identity and Access Management (NetIQ), Email Encryption (Voltage), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM with ArcSight), Endpoint Detection Response (EDR), Network Detection Response (NDR), Managed Detection and Response (MDR) and Digital Forensics & Incident Response. OpenText delivers services, combining experience with automation, AI technology and OpenText software to help organizations detect threats in real time. Moreover, our eDiscovery capabilities provide forensics and unstructured data analytics for searching and investigating data to manage legal obligations and organizational risks. For highly regulated organizations, these machine learning capabilities help drive compliance and timely responses in complex situations. From threat prevention to detection and response, data management to investigation and compliance, OpenText Cybersecurity offers solutions to keep business operations in a trusted state across endpoints, networks, clouds, email, webservers, firewalls and logs. At the edge, we help customers protect endpoints, virtual machine platforms and browsers from rising . With Webroot Endpoint Protection, Webroot Domain Name System (DNS) protection, Email Security by Zix, Security Awareness Training, MDR and Threat Hunting, our security solutions are directed to the SMB and consumers segments. We serve SMB together with our network of Managed Service Providers (MSPs) who help deploy OpenText solutions at scale. OpenText Cybersecurity solutions help secure operations using solutions with threat intelligence. Threat monitoring with BrightCloud, remote endpoint protection and automated cloud backup and recovery work together to protect employees and customer data while allowing organizations to prepare for, respond to and recover quickly from . OpenText Cybersecurity products help find information, to effectively conduct investigations, manage risk and respond to incidents. Business Network Cloud Our Business Network Cloud provides a foundation for digital supply chains and secure e-commerce ecosystems. Our Business Network Cloud manages data within the organization and outside the firewall, connecting people, systems and 8 Tab le of C ontents Internet of Things (IoT) devices at a global scale for those seeking to digitize and automate their and processes. For our customers, our Business Network Cloud offerings deliver streamlined connectivity, secure collaboration and business intelligence in a single, unified platform. Organizations of all sizes can build global and sustainable supply chains, rapidly onboard new trading partners, comply with regional mandates, assess their credit quality and ethics scores, provide electronic invoicing and remove information silos across ecosystems and the extended enterprise. The foundation of our Business Network Cloud is our Trading Grid, which connects businesses, trading partners, transportation and logistics companies, financial institutions and government organizations globally. OpenText offers a range of application- , IoT, identity and access management, active applications and industry specific applications. We enable supply chain optimization, digital business integration, data management, messaging, security, communications and secure data exchange across an increasingly complex network of and cloud applications, connected devices, systems and people. The Business Network Cloud can be accessed through our new , Foundation offering or as a managed service to simplify the inherent complexities of (B2B) data exchange. OpenText’s Business Network Cloud offers insights that help drive operational efficiencies, accelerate time to transaction and improve customer satisfaction. Observability and Service Management Cloud Our Observability and Service Management Cloud (previously named IT Operations Management Cloud) helps customers increase service levels and deliver better experiences through a more holistic management of IT assets and applications across all types of infrastructures and environments. We power IT service management for automation and advancement of IT support and asset management (SMAX). We enable customers with better AI operations management with the capabilities of network operations management (NOM) and connected data management and observability (OpsBridge). We help customers manage vulnerabilities and deployment of patches within their IT landscape through server and network automation. Lastly, with the power of our universal discovery and automation tools that can manage distributed landscapes, we help customers better manage cloud costs and carbon footprints. We expect that new innovations will drive the combination of IT service management and enterprise content management to enable IT service agents with the right content and insights. Bringing the AI operations portfolio onto the OpenText private cloud is expected to allow customers to take advantage of the discovery capabilities on top of a private network and within private data. AI enabled tools are expected to accelerate how customers can manage and control cloud costs and carbon footprints across multiple environments. OpenText solutions are built on the integrated, OPTIC Platform to ensure IT efficiency and performance. Analytics Cloud OpenText Analytics Cloud solutions provide organizations with actionable insights and better automation for data strategy and data management. We help organizations overcome enterprise data challenges through efficient and processing, visualizations, and advanced natural language understanding of the data for actionable insights. Our Analytics Cloud solutions feature capabilities from data analytics to insights from new unstructured data types to visualization that can be applied to key processes. These solutions help organizations process data of all types from anywhere, at any speed, and transform data into insights that can be used in workflows through applications. These capabilities can be consumed as a full stack analytics engine or as API components embedded in other custom original equipment manufacturer (OEM) solutions. DevOps Cloud The OpenText DevOps Cloud (previously named Application Automation Cloud) focuses on helping customers processes and quickly adapt to complex needs to deliver seamless customer and employee applications. Our cloud ready solutions speed up the development of case and applications with , components, reusable building blocks and accelerators to build and deploy solutions more easily. The DevOps Cloud provides performance to functional testing, and lifecycle management of applications with improved visibility. Moreover, our professional services team works with customers to simplify complex interactions among people, content, transactions and workflows across multiple systems of record to support a diverse range of use cases. Within our applications automation space, we help customers move workloads into the cloud by integrating customer applications they have on mainframes and older infrastructures. From mainframe development tools to host connectivity, our products deliver value managing a and IT landscape. Customers can innovate faster, with lower risk, by transforming their core business applications, processes, and infrastructure—from mainframe to cloud. 9 Tab le of C ontents The DevOps Cloud included our AMC business prior to the AMC Divestiture on May 1, 2024. During Fiscal 2024, the AMC business comprised approximately 45% of the DevOps Cloud. See Note 19 “Acquisitions and Divestitures” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. Artificial Intelligence (AI) We have embedded AI data analytics in all our major offerings. Our AI capabilities within Content Cloud leverage structured or unstructured data to help organizations improve , gain operational efficiencies and increase visibility through interactive dashboards, reports and data visualizations. Across all business clouds, AI is providing search and summarize capabilities utilizing text mining, natural language processing, interactive visualizations and machine learning, to identify patterns, relationships, risks and trends that are used for predictive process automation and accelerated decision making. Through AI, we help customers turn repositories of operational and experience information into clean and integrated data that can be mined by AI to extract useful knowledge and insight for our customers. Software Developers API Developers can access API, cloud services and software development kits (SDK) from our six business cloud offerings, making it faster and easier to build, extend and customize Information Management applications. Our solutions help R&D teams engage with our community of developers to innovate and build custom applications. Our API solutions help developers accelerate new product development, utilize fewer resources and reduce time to delivery for their projects. Using our protocols and cloud API services, our customers can reduce infrastructure spend, improve and minimize the time and effort required to add new capabilities. Our innovation roadmap includes APIs as a deployment option for all new products. Services OpenText provides a range of customer solutions through professional and managed services, whether , in the OpenText Cloud, in hybrid scenarios or other clouds, including our partners: Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure. Our team provides full advisory, implementation, migration, operation and support services for our Information Management solutions to meet the needs of our customers. Cloud Managed Services aims to help keep customers current on the latest technology and to meet complex requirements, all with reduced burden on information technology staff and ensure optimal application management by trusted experts. With OpenText Managed Services, organizations can focus resources on their core business priorities with the knowledge that their infrastructure, applications, integrations and upgrades are all managed, monitored and optimized for security, performance and compliance. Our Cloud Managed Services offering provides customers with a single point of contact and a single service level agreement for OpenText solutions managed in our partner’s clouds. Our Strategy We believe our strategic priorities position us well to create both near and shareholder value through organic and inorganic growth, greater capital efficiency and improved profitability. As an organization, we are focused on our three strategic priorities: • Expanding our competitive advantage We believe we are well positioned in our key markets to increase our competitive advantage through our product cycle and leading with Business AI, Business Clouds and Business Security. This includes: Invest in Innovation . We believe we are to develop additional innovative solutions to address the evolving market. We plan to continue investing in technology innovation by funding internal development, acquiring complementary technologies and collaborating with third parties. Invest in Technology Leadership . We believe we are to develop additional innovative solutions to address the evolving market. We plan to continue investing in technology innovation by funding internal development, acquiring complementary technologies and collaborating with . Invest in Business AI . With the lens of driving an strategy, we believe that customers are seeking practical AI and OpenText is in a strong position to help customers discover the most prevailing use cases that leverage an interconnected source of all data types (including content, business network, customer experience, IT service management, application development, asset management, and IoT). We believe one of the greatest opportunities is to help customers leverage their operational and experience data with 10 Tab le of C ontents generative AI to discover search and summarize the data easily and to automate work to gain competitive advantages. We strive to with customers by taking the proven concept of machine learning and applying it to their organizational needs. Invest in the Business Clouds . Today, the destination for innovation is the cloud. Businesses of all sizes rely on a combination of APIs, public and private clouds, managed services and solutions. As a result, we are committed to continue to modernize our technology infrastructure and leverage existing investments in the OpenText Cloud. The combination of OpenText applications and managed services, together with the scalability and performance of our partner public cloud providers, offer more secure, reliable and compliant solutions to customers wanting to deploy Information Management applications. OpenText Cloud Editions is designed to build additional flexibility and scalability for our customers: becoming , connecting anything and extending capabilities quickly with “software as a service” (SaaS) applications and services. Invest in Business Technology . Customers need the ability to secure their information, ensure that their cloud infrastructure meets the compliance requirements of their government and industry regulations, and know that they can rely on our applications and platforms to have solid and security standards. In an world, our customers need seamless interactions among OpenText applications, and other core applications, on various or private clouds. • Total revenue growth We are committed to total revenue growth through organic initiatives, innovation and acquisitions. In addition, we continuously evaluate our businesses that perform or outperform our expectations for revenue growth. This includes: Deliver Organic Growth . We are focused on investing and delivering on organic growth. The Information Management market is large and is expected to continue to grow and we expect cloud to be our leading growth driver. We have multiple initiatives that are designed to deliver organic growth including guiding our customers along their AI journey, investing in our data and API and deepening our relationships with our partners and . As customers move into the cloud, it will facilitate and upsell opportunities across the product portfolio and geographies. Strategically Pursue Acquisitions . We expect to continue to pursue acquisitions to strengthen our product offerings in the Information Management market. Considering the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, we regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities within the Information Management market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. We plan to continue to pursue acquisitions that complement our existing business, represent a strong strategic fit and are consistent with our overall growth strategy and disciplined financial management. We may also target future acquisitions to expand or add functionality and capabilities to our existing portfolio of solutions, as well as add new solutions to our portfolio. Broaden Global Presence . As customers become increasingly and as international markets continue to adopt Information Management solutions, we plan to further grow our brand, presence and partner networks in these new markets. We are focused on using our direct sales for targeting existing G10K customers and plan to address new geographies and SMB customers, jointly with our partners. Broaden Our Information Management Reach into the G10K . As technologies and customers become more sophisticated, we intend to be a leader in expanding the definition of traditional market sectors. We continue to expand our direct sales coverage of the G10K as we focus on connecting this marquee customer base to our information platform. Deepen Existing Customer Footprint . We believe one of our greatest opportunities is to sell newly developed or acquired technologies to our existing customer base, and historical OpenText products to newly acquired customers. We have significant expertise in a number of industry sectors and aim to increase our customer penetration based on our strong credentials. We are particularly focused on circumstances where the customer is looking to consolidate multiple vendors with solutions from a single source while addressing a broader spectrum of business problems or equally new or existing customers looking to take a more holistic approach to digital transformation. Deepen Strategic Partnerships . OpenText is committed culturally, programmatically and strategically to be a company. Our partnerships with companies such as SAP SE, Google Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Salesforce.com Corporation and others serve as examples of how we are working together with our partners to create Information Management solutions and 11 Tab le of C ontents deliver them to market. We will continue to look for ways to create more customer value from our strategic partnerships. • Achieving Operational Excellence OpenText maintains a history and culture of focus on efficiency and profitability. We focus on driving margin and earnings expansion, free cash flow growth, and capital return. Expanding profitability, which will ultimately drive cash flow growth, which helps fuel our innovation, broaden our distribution and identify and execute acquisitions. Consistent with our strategic priorities, we are committed to continuing our investment in the OpenText Cloud to better suit the evolving needs of our customers. Over the last three fiscal years, we have invested a cumulative total of $2.3 billion in R&D or 14.8% of cumulative revenue for that period. With our innovation roadmap delivered, we believe we have fortified our support for customer choice: private cloud, public cloud, , and API cloud. Looking ahead, innovation continues to move to the cloud. Businesses rely on a mix of public and private clouds, managed services, and options. We’re modernizing our infrastructure and building on our OpenText Cloud investments to meet customers where they are. Our applications, combined with public cloud partners and managed services, provide secure, scalable solutions. With SaaS and embedded AI across our portfolio—including Titanium X—we aim to deliver greater flexibility, productivity, and choice. Our investments in R&D push product innovation, increasing the value of our offerings to our installed customer base and new customers, which includes G10K, enterprise companies, public sector agencies, companies, SMB and consumers. The G10K are the world’s largest companies, ranked by estimated total revenues, as well as the world's largest governments and global organizations. More valuable products, coupled with our established global partner program, lead to greater distribution and opportunities which further help us to achieve organic growth. We remain a and disciplined acquirer, having efficiently deployed $11.8 billion on acquisitions over the last 10 fiscal years. We look for companies that are situated within our total addressable markets. We see our ability to successfully integrate acquired companies and assets into our business as a strength and pursuing acquisitions is an important aspect to our Total Growth strategy. We expect to continue to acquire, to integrate and innovate, and to deepen and strengthen our Information Management platform for customers. We regularly evaluate acquisition and divestiture opportunities and at any time may be at various stages of discussion with respect to such opportunities. For additional details on our acquisitions, see “Acquisitions and Divestitures During the Last Five Fiscal Years,” elsewhere in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. OpenText Revenues Our business consists of four revenue streams: cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, license and professional service and other. For information regarding our revenues by significant geographic area for Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, see Note 20 “Segment Information” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cloud Services and Subscriptions Cloud services and subscriptions revenues consist of (i) software as a service (SaaS) offerings, (ii) APIs and data services, and (iii) private cloud that includes hosted services and managed service arrangements. These offerings allow customers to transmit a variety of content between various mediums and to securely manage enterprise information without the commitment of investing in related hardware infrastructure. OpenText expects the cloud to be our largest driver of growth. Supported by a global, scalable and secure infrastructure, OpenText Cloud Editions includes a foundational platform of technology services, and packaged business applications for industry and business processes. Managed services provide an fully outsourced B2B integration solution to our customers, including program implementation, operational management and customer support. Customer Support The first year of our customer support offering is usually purchased by customers together with the license of our Information Management software products. Customer support is typically renewed on an annual basis and historically customer support revenues have been a significant portion of our total revenue. Through our OpenText customer support programs, customers receive access to software and security upgrades, a knowledge base, discussion boards, product information and an online mechanism to post and review “trouble tickets.” Additionally, our customer support teams handle 12 Tab le of C ontents questions on the use, configuration and functionality of OpenText products and help identify software issues, develop solutions and document enhancement requests for consideration in future product releases. License License revenues consist of fees earned from the licensing of software products to our customers. Our license revenues are impacted by the strength of general economic and industry conditions, the competitive strength of our software products and our acquisitions. The decision by a customer to license our software products often involves a comprehensive implementation process across the customer’s network or networks and the licensing and implementation of our software products may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective customers. Professional Service and Other We provide consulting and learning services to customers. Generally, these services relate to the implementation, training and integration of our licensed product offerings into the customer’s systems. Our consulting services help customers build solutions that enable them to leverage their investments in our technology and in existing enterprise systems. The implementation of these services can range from simple modifications to meet specific departmental needs to enterprise applications that integrate with multiple existing systems. Our learning services consultants analyze our customers’ education and training needs, focusing on key learning outcomes and timelines, with a view to creating an appropriate education plan for the employees of our customers who work with our products. Education plans are designed to be flexible and can be applied to any phase of implementation: pilot, , upgrade or refresher. OpenText learning services employ a blended approach by combining mentoring, courses, webinars, eLearning and focused workshops. Marketing and Sales Customers Our customer base consists of G10K organizations, enterprise companies, public sector agencies, companies, SMB and direct consumers. Partners and Alliances We are committed to establishing relationships with the best resellers and technology and service providers to ensure customer success. Together as partners, we fulfill key market objectives to drive new business, establish a competitive advantage and create demonstrable business value. Our OpenText Partner Network offers five distinct programs: Strategic Partners, Global Systems Integrators, Resellers, Technology and Managed Service Providers. This creates an extended organization to develop technologies, repeatable service offerings and solutions that enhance the way our customers maximize their investment in our products and services. Through the OpenText Partner Network, we are extending market coverage, building stronger relationships and providing customers with a more complete local ecosystem of partners to meet their needs. Each distinct program is focused to provide valuable business benefits to the joint relationship. We have a number of strategic partnerships that contribute to our success. These include the most prominent organizations in enterprise software, hardware and public cloud, with whom we work to enhance the value of customer investments. They include: • SAP SE (SAP) : We partner with SAP on content services. The OpenText Suite for SAP solutions provides key business content within the context of SAP business processes providing enhanced efficiencies, reduced risk and better experiences for customers, employees and partners - accessible anywhere and anytime and available on and . As our customers move their enterprise resource planning to the cloud with SAP, we believe they can benefit from secure cloud archiving from OpenText to drive higher productivity. • Google Cloud : We work together with Google Cloud to innovate on AI and we deploy our Information Management solutions on the Google Cloud Platform. This includes a containerized application architecture for flexible cloud or hybrid deployment models. Deploying our solutions on the Google Cloud Platform allows our customers to scale their businesses to meet the cloud data sovereignty requirements globally. We offer our solutions as a managed service and selected products as a SaaS offering. 13 Tab le of C ontents • Amazon Web Services (AWS) : We work with AWS to deploy our cloud solutions on AWS infrastructure to meet customer demand. Our collaboration offers businesses the opportunity to consume our Information Management solutions as fully managed services on AWS for cost savings, increased performance, scalability and security. • Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft) : For the enterprise market, we work together with Microsoft to innovate on integrated content solutions (now with AI), holistic cybersecurity solutions (particularly in threat detection and response), and in DevOps with integrated toolsets for the developer. For the SMB market, we are one of Microsoft’s nine authorized Cloud Solutions Providers in the North American market. We sell joint solutions across Microsoft office and OpenText Cybersecurity through partners to small and medium businesses. • Oracle Corporation (Oracle) : We develop innovative solutions for Oracle applications that enhance the experience and productivity of users working with these tools. • Salesforce.com Corporation (Salesforce) : The partnership between OpenText and Salesforce is focused on growing a full portfolio of Information Management solutions to complement the Salesforce ecosystem by uniting the structured and unstructured information experience. Global Systems Integrators (GSIs) provide customers with digital transformational services around OpenText technologies. They are trained and certified on OpenText solutions and enhance the value of our offerings by providing technical credibility and complementary services to customers. Our GSIs include Accenture plc, Capgemini Technology Services SAS, Deloitte Consulting LLP, Hewlett Packard Enterprises and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). Our partner program also enables MSPs, resellers, distributors and network and security vendors to grow through cybersecurity, threat intelligence and backup and recovery solutions aimed at the SMB and consumer markets. We provide the tools, services, training, integrations, certifications and platforms our partners need to ensure trust and reliability with their customer base. We currently have approximately 24,000 MSPs in our network which provide a key channel for us as MSPs act as intermediaries between the solutions vendors like OpenText and the SMB market. An MSP specializes in their local market and provides managed services to their clients. International Markets We provide our product offerings worldwide. Our geographic coverage allows us to draw on business and technical expertise from a geographically diverse workforce, providing greater stability to our operations and revenue streams by diversifying our portfolio to better mitigate against the risks of a single geographically focused business. There are inherent risks to conducting operations internationally. For more information about these risks, see “Risk Factors” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition The market for our products and services is highly competitive, subject to rapid technological change and shifting customer needs and economic pressures. We operate in a highly competitive environment across many different distinct market categories, each of which includes and specialized competitors. Our primary competitor is International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), with numerous other software vendors competing with us in the Information Management sector, such as Box Inc., Hyland Software Inc., Alfresco Software Inc., ServiceNow Inc., Atlassian Corp., Gen Digital Inc. and Adobe Inc. In certain markets, OpenText competes with Oracle and Microsoft, who are also our partners. In addition, we also face competition from systems integrators that configure hardware and software into customized systems. Additionally, new competitors or alliances among existing competitors may emerge and could rapidly acquire additional market share. We expect that competition will increase because of ongoing software industry consolidation. We believe that certain competitive factors affect the market for our software products and services, which may include: (i) vendor and product reputation; (ii) product quality, performance and price; (iii) the availability of software products on multiple platforms; (iv) product scalability; (v) product integration with other enterprise applications; (vi) software functionality and features; (vii) software ease of use; (viii) the quality of professional services, customer support services and training; and (ix) the ability to address specific customer business problems. We believe the relative importance of each of these factors depends upon the concerns and needs of each specific customer. Research and Development The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements and competitive new products and features. As a result, our success, in part, depends on our ability to 14 Tab le of C ontents continually enhance our existing products in a timely and efficient manner and to develop and introduce new products that meet customer needs while reducing total cost of ownership. To achieve these objectives, we have made and expect to continue to make investments in R&D, through internal and development activities, licensing agreements and potentially through technology acquisitions. We expect a significant amount of our future R&D investment will be in technologies. We are committed to advancing our product portfolio through continued investment in research and development activities, with a focus on enabling secure, efficient, and scalable Information Management solutions. Our product strategy will rely on five pillars: • Business AI - AI led roadmaps, not just AI on the roadmap • Business Clouds - Secure and connected Information Management • Business Technology - Via data cloud and enhanced cloud platforms • Business & Consumer Security - Enhancing security for all our customers and products • Product Integration - Deepening the integration of our cybersecurity products into Content Cloud and Business Network Cloud products. Our R&D expenses were $755.9 million for Fiscal 2025, $864.5 million for Fiscal 2024 and $659.2 million for Fiscal 2023. We believe our spending on R&D is an appropriate balance between managing our organic growth and results of operations. Acquisitions and Divestitures During the Last Five Fiscal Years We regularly evaluate acquisition and divestiture opportunities within the Information Management market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. Below is a summary of certain significant acquisitions and divestitures we have made over the last five fiscal years. • On May 1, 2024, we completed the sale of our AMC business to Rocket Software, Inc. for $2.275 billion in cash before taxes, fees and other adjustments. • On January 31, 2023, we acquired Micro Focus, a leading provider of software technology and services that help customers accelerate digital transformations, for $6.2 billion. • On December 23, 2021, we acquired Zix, a leader in SaaS based email encryption, threat protection and compliance cloud solutions for SMBs, for $894.5 million. • On November 24, 2021, we acquired all of the equity interest in Bricata Inc. (Bricata) for $17.8 million. We believe in a programmatic approach to growth through acquisitions or when they align with our strategic priorities. We expect to carry out programmatic divestitures, when such a strategy presents the best opportunity to monetize returns for mature products. We will remain flexible and allocate our capital accordingly to the highest return scenario. We regularly evaluate such opportunities within the Information Management market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. Intellectual Property Rights Our success and ability to compete depends in part on our ability to develop, protect and maintain our intellectual property and proprietary technology and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our software products are generally licensed to our customers on a basis for internal use in a customer’s organization. We also grant rights to our intellectual property to third parties that allow them to market certain of our products on a or exclusive basis for a particular application of the product(s) or to a particular geographic area. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We have obtained or applied for trademark registration for corporate and strategic product names in selected major markets. We have a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending applications, including patents and rights to patent applications acquired through strategic transactions, which relate to various aspects of our products and technology. The duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and is typically 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application resulting in the patent. From time to time, we may enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation in line with our strategic and business objectives. While we believe our intellectual property is valuable and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark, license, or other intellectual property right. 15 Tab le of C ontents For more information on the risks related to our intellectual property rights, see “Risk Factors” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Human Capital Our Global Footprint Our ability to attract, retain and engage a highly skilled workforce committed to innovation, operational excellence and the OpenText mission and values across our global footprint is a cornerstone to our success. As of June 30, 2025, we employed a total of approximately 21,400 individuals, of which approximately 7,100 or 33% are in the Americas, 4,700 or 22% are in EMEA (as defined below) and 9,600 or 45% are in Asia Pacific. Currently, we have employees in 42 countries enabling strong access to multiple talent pools while ensuring reach and proximity to our customers. See “Results of Operations” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our definitions of geographic regions. The approximate composition of our employee base is as follows: (i) 4,000 employees in sales and marketing, (ii) 7,400 employees in product development, (iii) 3,700 employees in cloud services, (iv) 1,800 employees in professional services, (v) 1,700 employees in customer support and (vi) 2,800 employees in general and administrative roles. We believe that relations with our employees are strong. In certain jurisdictions, where it is customary to do so, a “Workers’ Council” or professional union represents our employees. Employee Engagement, Culture and Values We have high employee retention levels, and we actively monitor voluntary attrition to ensure we retain our key talent. We also regularly conduct employee research to understand perceptions in the areas of engagement, company strategy, company mission, personal impact, manager effectiveness, recognition, career development and values. Participation level and engagement have remained high. Additional surveys and listening, including feedback from new hires through onboarding surveys as well as regular monitoring of employee retention inform our communication and engagement plan to ensure we create meaningful experiences and support higher productivity and engagement. Our organizational culture is rooted in the OpenText Way – the business values that guide how we operate. We know that Great People make Great Software. Great people write great software through design that is oriented on their Values : (1) Puts customers first; (2) Tackles challenges head on; (3) Innovates; (4) Helps teams succeed; (5) Cares about people; and (6) Acts ethically. Our human resource programs and how we operate are informed by these values. Governance and Impact Our global impact goals and initiatives are rooted in the OpenText Way – we lean into the strength and foundation of our core values to move us forward. We are committed to our role as a responsible corporate citizen and to delivering the greatest value and impact while complying with all regulatory requirements. Our charitable giving program supports activities at the local and global level, focused on health, education, innovation, and disaster relief. By investing in the communities where our employees live and work, we facilitate our employees to help create global impact. We provide employees three paid days off to volunteer to support causes that matter most to them. To operate , we need to ensure that our local communities and the natural environment are thriving. We are committed to mitigating any adverse environmental impacts of our business activities, which at a minimum means abiding by all environmental laws, regulations and standards that apply to us. Our Environmental Policy articulates our commitment to measuring and managing our environmental impact. See “Increasing corporate citizenship expectations, regulatory complexity, and disclosure obligations may negatively impact our business, financial performance, and reputation” in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” included elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Compensation and Benefits Our compensation philosophy is based on a set of principles that align with business strategy, reflect business and individual performance levels, consider market conditions to ensure competitiveness, demonstrate internal pay equity for similar roles and reflect the impact that economic conditions have on pay programs. Our compensation and benefit programs are regularly reviewed through an governance process. Across the Company, we offer a wide variety of retirement and group benefits including medical, life and disability, which are designed to protect employees and their dependents against financial hardship due to illness or injury. Programs are designed to recognize the global breadth of our work force and a range of needs. We also have regional Employee Assistance 16 Tab le of C ontents Programs in many countries that provide 24/7 confidential counselling, support and access to resources for employees and their families. The OpenText Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) is a global benefit program that allows all eligible employees to purchase OpenText shares at a 15% discount and provides the opportunity for employees to strengthen their ownership in the Company while enjoying the benefits of potential share price appreciation. performance management is a cornerstone of our goals. Our pay programs are carefully designed and governed, from hiring practices to consistency in progression rates based on performance. In designing variable pay for performance awards, we focus only on measurable outcomes rather than subjective measures. This ensures consistent growth opportunities and awards tied to business results. Employee Education, Training and Compliance We know that employees join OpenText for continuous learning, experience and credentials to shape their careers. Our strategies focus on ensuring strong technical credentials, building capabilities, new skills sets and a high duty of care in ensuring ethical, secure and compliant practices. All employees have internal access to certification on OpenText and partner products. Leaders and managers play a key role in the engagement of employees. From a focus on high quality interviewing and onboarding of new hires to the importance of career development planning, we foster a culture and value proposition of career development. Internal applications to job postings are highly encouraged. Our annual Career Week event focuses on career development planning and honing manager skills in developing teams. We offer an annual education reimbursement program to all employees globally. This program aligns with our commitment to support internal development, equal opportunity and mobility across all of our geographies, regardless of an employee’s role, function or location. We have designed the education reimbursement program to meet the needs of all personalized development goals through programs that range from technical to business skills. As part of our commitment to the highest standards of conduct, all employees and contractors participate in an annual formal Compliance and Data Security Training, including Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Ethics Code), Responsible Business Practices, Data Protection, Responsible use of AI, Global Data Privacy Practices, Protecting Information and Preventing Sexual Harassment Training. These compliance programs ensure that we operate our business with integrity, following standard business ethics across the globe. Available Information OpenText Corporation was incorporated on June 26, 1991. Our principal office is located at 275 Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 0A1, and our telephone number at that location is (519) 888-7111. Our internet address is www.opentext.com . Our website is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual reference only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed with or furnished to the SEC may be obtained free of charge through the Investors section of our website at investors.opentext.com as soon as is reasonably practical after we electronically file or furnish these reports. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) may be accessed through the CSA’s System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR+) at www.sedarplus.ca . The SEC and SEDAR+ websites are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as inactive textual references only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on the SEC or SEDAR+ websites is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by applicable law. Investors should note that we may announce information using our website, press releases, securities law filings, public conference calls, webcasts and the social media channels identified on the Investors section of our website ( https://investors.opentext.com ). Such social media channels may include the Company’s or our CEO’s blog, Twitter account or LinkedIn account. The information posted through such channels may be material. Accordingly, investors should monitor such channels in addition to our other forms of communication. Unless otherwise specified, such information is not incorporated into, or deemed to be a part of, our Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or under applicable Canadian securities laws. 17 Tab le of C ontents Item 1A. Risk Factors The following important factors could cause our actual business and financial results to differ materially from our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections. These statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made elsewhere by management from time to time are subject to important risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies. The risks discussed below are not necessarily presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with the section entitled “ Statements” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to our Business and Industry If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements used by our customers, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected. Our success depends upon our ability to design, develop, test, market, license, sell and support new software products and services and enhancements of current products and services on a timely basis in response to both competitive threats and marketplace demands. The software industry is increasingly focused on cloud computing, mobility, social media, SaaS and AI, among other continually evolving shifts. In addition, our software products, services and enhancements must remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. Often, we must integrate software licensed or acquired from third parties with our proprietary software to create new products or improve our existing products. If we are unable to achieve a successful integration with software, we may not be successful in developing and marketing our new software products, services and enhancements. If we are unable to successfully integrate software to develop new software products, services and enhancements to existing software products and services, or to complete the development of new software products and services which we license or acquire from third parties, our operating results will be materially adversely affected. Further, as we develop, acquire and introduce new products and services, including those that incorporate AI, we may be subject to new or heightened legal, ethical and other challenges, which may impact our ability to continue to innovate. In addition, if the integrated or new products or enhancements do not achieve acceptance by the marketplace, our operating results will be materially adversely affected. Moreover, if new industry standards emerge that we do not anticipate or adapt to, or, if alternatives to our services and solutions are developed by our competitors in times of rapid technological change, our software products and services could be rendered less competitive or obsolete, causing us to lose market share and, as a result, harm our business and operating results and our ability to compete in the marketplace. Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs. We may determine that certain software product candidates or programs do not have sufficient potential to warrant the continued allocation of resources. Accordingly, we may elect to terminate one or more of our programs for such product candidates. If we terminate a software product in development in which we have invested significant resources, our prospects may suffer, as we will have expended resources on a project that does not provide a return on our investment, and may have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses, which may negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient or timely return. The development of information management software products is a costly, complex and process, and the investment in information management software product development often involves a long wait until a return is achieved on such an investment. We are making, and will continue to make, significant investments in software research and development and related product and service opportunities. Investments in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including the degree of innovation of the software products and services developed through our research and development efforts, sufficient support from our strategic partners and effective distribution and marketing. Accelerated software product introductions and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development and the potential introduction of government regulation, including that related to the use of AI, may increase the costs of research and development as well as compliance with such regulation. These expenditures may adversely affect our operating results if they are not offset by corresponding revenue increases. We believe that we must continue to 18 Tab le of C ontents dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. However, significant revenues from new software product and service investments may not be achieved for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, new software products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for new software products and services may not be as high as the margins we have experienced for our current or historical software products and services. If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected. We intend to pursue our strategy of being a market leading consolidator for information management solutions. We intend to grow the capabilities of our information management software offerings through our proprietary research and the development of new software product and service offerings, as well as through acquisitions. It is important to our success that we continue to enhance our software products and services in response to customer demand and to seek to set the standard for information management capabilities. The primary market for our software products and services is rapidly evolving, and the level of acceptance of products and services that have been released recently, or that are planned for future release to the marketplace, is not certain. If the markets for our software products and services fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected or become subject to increased competition, our business may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to: (i) successfully market our current products and services; (ii) develop new software products and services and enhancements to current software products and services; (iii) complete customer implementations on a timely basis; or (iv) complete software products and services currently under development. In addition, increased competition and transitioning from perpetual license sales to subscription-based business model could put significant pricing pressures on our products, which could negatively impact our margins a

[truncated]