Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 48 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 92 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 94 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 94 Item 9B. Other Information 95 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 96 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 97 Item 11. Executive Compensation 105 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 141 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 143 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 144 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 146 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 217 Signatures 218 2 Table of Contents Part I Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements or information ( statements) within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and other applicable securities laws of the United States and Canada, and is subject to the safe harbors created by those provisions. Words such as “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “could”, “would”, “might”, “will” and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify statements. In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are statements, and based on our current expectations, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. statements reflect our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions, which are based on management’s perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The statements contained in this report are based on certain assumptions including the following: (i) the evolving adoption of artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled technologies by our clients and the level of demand for our products and solutions; (ii) countries continuing to implement and enforce existing and additional customs and security regulations relating to the provision of electronic information for imports and exports; (iii) our continued operation of a secure and reliable business network; (iv) the stability of general political, economic and market conditions, including any potential recession and current or threatened tariffs or trade restrictions; (v) our ability to manage inflation, including increased labour costs associated with attracting and retaining employees and higher interest rates; (vi) our continued ability to manage certain foreign currency risk through hedging; (vii) equity and debt markets continuing to provide us with access to capital; (viii) our continued ability to identify, source and finance attractive and executable business combination opportunities, as well as our ability to continue to successfully integrate any such opportunities, including in accordance with the expected timeframe and/or cost budget for such integration; (ix) our continued ability to avoid infringing intellectual property rights; and (x) our ability to successfully implement our restructuring plans. Management’s estimates, beliefs and assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. We can give no assurance that such estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct. These statements involve known and unknown risks as well as uncertainties, which include (i) the impact of the and Middle East conflicts and other geopolitical disputes on our business; and (ii) those discussed herein and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended June 30, 2026, which are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The actual results that we achieve may differ materially from any statements, which reflect management's current expectations and projections about future results only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these statements. A number of factors may materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. These factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors”, and statements set forth in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as other documents we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and Canadian securities regulators. Any one of these factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. You should not rely too heavily on the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these statements are relevant only as of the date they were made. The Company's fiscal year begins on July 1 and ends on June 30. Unless otherwise noted, any reference to a year preceded by the word “Fiscal” refers to the fiscal year ended June 30 of that year. For example, references to “Fiscal 2026” refer to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars and, unless otherwise indicated, all amounts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars. Due to rounding, certain totals and subtotals may not foot and certain percentages may not reconcile. References herein to the “Company”, “OpenText”, “we” or “us” refer to Open Text Corporation and, unless context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries. 3 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of material risks described below in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, is not necessarily presented in order of importance, and it should be read in conjunction with the “Risk Factors” section and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to our Business and Industry • If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements used by our clients, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected. • Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs. • Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient or timely return. • If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected. • Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively. • Other companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase costs and materially harm our ability to generate future revenues and profits. • Our software products and services may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues and expose us to litigation. • Our software products rely on the stability of software, cloud infrastructure and platforms that, if not stable, could negatively impact the effectiveness of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business. • Risks associated with the evolving use of the Internet and AI, including changing standards, competition and regulation and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business. • Unauthorized disclosures, , breaches of data security and other information technology risks may adversely affect our operations. • Business disruptions, including those arising from disasters, pandemics or catastrophic events, may adversely affect our operations. • Our success depends on our relationships with strategic partners, distributors and service providers and any reduction in the sales efforts by distributors, cooperative efforts from our partners or service from providers could materially impact our revenues. • The loss of licenses to resell or use software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely affect our business. • Current and future competitors could have a significant impact on our ability to generate future revenues and profits, including through the use of AI and other emerging technologies. • The length of our sales cycle can fluctuate significantly, which could result in significant fluctuations in revenues being recognized from quarter to quarter. • Our existing clients might cancel contracts with us, fail to renew contracts on their renewal dates and/or fail to purchase additional services and products, and we may be unable to attract new clients, which could adversely affect our operating results. • Consolidation in the industry, particularly by large, companies, could place pressure on our operating margins which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our sales to government clients expose us to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions, penalties and changes in government spending and policies. • Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, including the and Middle East conflicts have affected and may continue to affect our business. • Our global operations expose us to risks associated with an evolving international trade and tariff environment, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • The restructuring of certain of our operations may be ineffective, may adversely affect our business and our finances, and we may incur additional restructuring charges in connection with such actions, and our enterprise assessment may not achieve its intended objectives. • We must continue to manage our internal resources during periods of company growth, or our operating results could be adversely affected. 4 Table of Contents • If we lose the services of our executive officers or other key employees or if we are not able to attract or retain top employees, our business could be significantly harmed. • Our compensation structure may hinder our efforts to attract and retain vital employees. • Increasing corporate citizenship expectations, regulatory complexity, and disclosure obligations may negatively impact our business, financial performance, and reputation. • Our use of a mixed workforce model, including remote, hybrid and employees, and changes to our requirements, subject us to operational challenges and risks, including risks to employee retention and morale. Risks Related to Acquisitions and Divestitures • Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and other business initiatives may negatively affect our operating results. • We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions and divestitures, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. • We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses or do so within the intended timeframes, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. • Businesses we acquire may have disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, cybersecurity and compliance with data privacy laws that are weaker than or otherwise not in conformity with ours. Risks Related to Laws and Regulatory Compliance • Our provision for income taxes and effective income tax rate may vary significantly and may adversely affect our results of operations and cash resources. • As part of the ongoing audit of our Canadian tax returns by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), we have received notices of, and are appealing, reassessments for Fiscal 2012 through Fiscal 2021. An adverse outcome of these ongoing audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. • Risks associated with data privacy issues, including evolving laws and regulations and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business. • Certain of our products may be perceived as, or determined by the courts to be, a violation of privacy rights and related laws. Any such perception or determination could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. • AI and other machine learning technology is being integrated into some of our products, systems or solutions, which could present risks and challenges to our business, and rapid advances in AI could intensify competitive pressures, accelerate technological change and reduce demand for certain of our existing offerings. Risks Related to our Financial Condition • We may not generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our unfunded pension obligations. • Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect our financial results. • Our indebtedness could limit our operations and opportunities. Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Shares • Our revenues and operating results are likely to fluctuate, which could materially impact the market price of our Common Shares. • Changes in the market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities could lead to losses for shareholders and debt holders. General Risks • Unexpected events may materially harm our ability to align when we incur expenses with when we recognize revenues. • We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors. • Our international operations expose us to business, political and economic risks. • We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. • The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors. • Our operating results could be adversely affected by any weakening of economic conditions. • Stress in the global financial system may adversely affect our finances and operations. 5 Table of Contents Item 1. Business About OpenText Incorporated in 1991, OpenText is a leading provider of data management for enterprise AI. We are Canadian in our roots and global in our reach. We provide the secure data foundation in the AI stack, the trusted context that makes credible AI outcomes possible. We give clients the choice to transform and operate at their best: deployment or in the cloud, with the type of cloud they need, public, private or sovereign, and to integrate with any language model. We operate across the private, public, and highly regulated sectors including retail, financial services, government, manufacturing, healthcare, energy, and logistics. As enterprise adoption of AI continues to evolve, organizations increasingly require trusted, governed enterprise data to deploy AI effectively. OpenText’s products and solutions build on the Company’s longstanding data management capabilities to help clients meet those evolving requirements. Our products and solutions are a critical layer in the AI stack that connect enterprise data to AI for trusted outcomes. OpenText’s data management products and solutions manage and govern the creation, capture, use, analysis, and lifecycle of structured and unstructured enterprise data. We help organizations manage and integrate their data, unlocking its value for trusted AI results, while meeting privacy and compliance requirements, so clients can move confidently from AI experimentation to AI adoption. To accelerate agentic AI and business transformation, OpenText enables clients to deploy in the cloud of their choice, with the AI model that best meets business, security, and regulatory obligations. Our solutions are available across a combination of private, public and sovereign cloud, managed cloud services, Application Programming Interface (API) and environments. This deployment flexibility enables organizations to operate across hybrid and environments while meeting operational, security, and regulatory obligations. By supporting clients wherever they are in their AI journey, we aim to build , client relationships. Our investments in research and development (R&D) drive ongoing innovation in AI, cloud, and cybersecurity, seeking to increase the value of our offerings to our existing and prospective client base, which includes global enterprises, small and businesses (SMBs), regulated industries, governments, and other clients around the world. OpenText Strategy We are a leading provider of secure data context for enterprise AI. Our products and solutions portfolio provide the secure data foundation in the AI stack, the trusted context that makes credible AI outcomes possible. Our strategy is centered around disciplined execution and capital allocation that we expect will return the business to organic and sustainable revenue growth on a constant currency basis. One common purpose unites OpenText colleagues around the world: client success. Each OpenText employee is accountable for it, whether directly or in support of those who are. Client success is OpenText’s growth. Our strategy is built on four strategic pillars: grow the current client base, acquire new clients, drive disciplined execution, and innovate with purpose. ■ Grow Current Client Base • the full OpenText portfolio across accounts via our new “One OpenText” model, which aligns client coverage by geographic market, provides clients with a single accountable point of contact and brings together the full breadth of our portfolio, specialist expertise and partner ecosystem. • Expand adoption by accelerating cloud migration. ■ New Client Acquisition • Accelerate client acquisition through OpenText's partner ecosystem. • Deepen ties with hyperscalers, global and regional systems integrators and independent software vendors (ISVs) to expand reach and drive innovation. ■ Disciplined Execution • Simplify operations for speed and accountability by pushing decisions closer to teams, including leaders in supporting markets. • Apply consistent discipline to capital allocation, streamlined decision rights to best serve the clients, operating model, costs, and cloud migration. 6 Table of Contents • Regularly evaluate divestitures of our products and solutions portfolio that no longer align with our future growth strategy (see “Acquisitions and Divestitures During the Last Five Fiscal Years” below, and Note 19 “Acquisitions and Divestitures” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). ■ Innovation with Purpose • Give clients flexibility to deploy across the clouds and AI language models that fit their needs. • Differentiated investments that enable our clients’ success, focused on content management and business networks. About OpenText Products and Solutions OpenText provides data management solutions at scale to meet the demands and needs of a global market. Our offerings help organizations collect, connect, contextualize, protect, govern, use, and secure data across their operations. These products and solutions are fundamentally integrated into our clients’ operations and existing software systems to connect large digital supply chains, information technology (IT) service management ecosystems, application development and delivery workflows, and processes across industries operating in public, private, and regulated sectors. Furthermore, we provide cybersecurity solutions designed to help organizations protect sensitive data, applications, and systems across complex hybrid environments. These security offerings protect, encrypt, detect, and respond to cyber threats, and include identity and access management, threat detection and response, data protection, and application security. Enterprise data is an organization’s most valuable proprietary resource, generated by structured and unstructured sources including documents, files, emails, IT and application logs, invoices, and partner, supplier, and client interactions. The volume, variety, and velocity of this data require a scalable data management platform, like OpenText's, to handle large numbers of users, significant transaction volumes, security and operational digital signals, and global supply chain networks. We make enterprise data more valuable by connecting it to AI and digital business processes, enriching it with insights, and protecting it throughout its lifecycle. By integrating diverse data into a governed, protected, and proprietary environment aligned with applicable security and governance requirements, our solutions provide the context needed to apply data for AI within workflows, applications, and automated processes. Ultimately, these capabilities enable enterprise data to serve as a trusted foundation for applications involving AI, such as emerging or automated technologies, including our complementary Aviator AI agents, described in this section. OpenText Product Categories OpenText is a comprehensive data management platform consisting of seven product categories including: Content, Business Network, IT Operations Management (ITOM), Cybersecurity (Enterprise), Cybersecurity (SMB & Consumer), Application Delivery Management (ADM), and Analytics. Content OpenText Content is our largest product category and includes content management, integration and intelligent automation capabilities. These products and solutions manage data by connecting content to digital business processes, reducing information silos, and providing secure and compliant access to structured and unstructured data. This product category is designed to improve productivity and insights while helping clients manage information-related risk. Our Content portfolio manages the lifecycle, distribution, use and analysis of information across the organization, from capture to archiving and disposition. This includes content collaboration, intelligent capture, records management, e-signature, and archiving capabilities. These products and solutions are available , through a cloud provider selected by the client, as a subscription in the OpenText Cloud, in a hybrid environment, or as a managed service. OpenText Content enables clients to capture data from physical and digital sources, and transform it into digital content that can be managed, governed and used across content management solutions, business processes, analytics applications and workflows. OpenText Content integrates with the applications that manage critical business processes, such as SAP® S/4HANA, SAP® SuccessFactors®, Salesforce®, Microsoft® Office 7 Table of Contents 365® and other software systems and applications, establishing the foundation for intelligent business process and content workflow automation. By connecting unstructured content with structured data workflows, these capabilities are designed to provide users with access to relevant content when needed, reduce errors, support business insight and increase efficiency. Business Network OpenText Business Network provides the foundation for digital supply chains and secure e-commerce ecosystems in the cloud. Business Network Cloud manages data within the organization and outside the firewall, connecting people, systems and Internet of Things (IoT) devices at a global scale for clients to digitize and automate their and processes. For our clients, these products and solutions deliver streamlined connectivity, secure collaboration and business intelligence in a single, unified platform. Organizations can use these offerings to build global and sustainable supply chains, rapidly onboard new trading partners, comply with regional mandates, assess their credit quality and ethics scores, provide electronic invoicing and remove information silos across ecosystems and the extended enterprise. We enable supply chain optimization, digital business integration, data management, messaging, security, communications and secure data exchange across an increasingly complex network of and cloud applications, connected devices, systems and people. IT Operations Management (ITOM) OpenText ITOM helps clients manage machine generated data to increase service levels and improve experiences through the holistic management of IT assets and applications across all types of infrastructures and environments. ITOM includes IT service management and asset management capabilities that help automate IT support processes through our OpenText Service Management offering. We enable AI operations management through network operations management (NOM), connected data management and observability through OpsBridge. We also help clients manage vulnerabilities and deploy patches across their IT environments through server and network automation. In addition, our universal discovery and automation tools are designed to manage distributed landscapes and help clients better manage cloud costs and carbon footprints. Cybersecurity (Enterprise) OpenText Cybersecurity (Enterprise) consists of a comprehensive portfolio of software solutions and services that enable large organizations to protect, detect, and respond to cyber threats across complex, hybrid IT environments. These capabilities are delivered primarily through an integrated platform that unifies security functions across identity, data, applications, and operations. Core capabilities include threat detection and response, identity and access management, application security, data privacy and protection, security operations, digital forensics, and threat intelligence. Our Cybersecurity (Enterprise) products and solutions can be integrated with major technology ecosystems to support interoperability and reduce friction in a variety of environments. At the infrastructure and application layer, OpenText Cybersecurity (Enterprise) products and solutions help detect issues and respond to and remediate threats. The full suite of capabilities includes Application Security (Fortify), Identity and Access Management (NetIQ), Email Encryption (Voltage), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM with ArcSight), Endpoint Detection Response (EDR), Network Detection Response (NDR), Managed Detection and Response (MDR), BrightCloud Threat Intelligence, and Digital Forensics & Incident Response. We deliver services, combining experience with automation, AI technology and OpenText software, to help organizations detect threats in real time. Cybersecurity (SMB & Consumer) OpenText Cybersecurity (SMB & Consumer) consists of a portfolio of simplified, integrated security solutions designed for small and businesses, managed service providers (MSPs), and individual consumers. These offerings prioritize ease of deployment, automation, and cost efficiency while providing protection against cyber threats. 8 Table of Contents At the data layer, Cybersecurity (SMB & Consumer) helps clients be with uninterrupted access and protection of business data against cyber threats. With Carbonite Endpoint, Carbonite Server, Carbonite Backup and Information Archiving, clients have visibility across all endpoints, devices and networks, for proactive discovery of sensitive data, identification of threats and sound data collection for investigation. At the edge, these products and solutions help clients protect endpoints, virtual machine platforms and browsers from rising . With Webroot Endpoint Protection, Webroot Domain Name System (DNS) protection, Email Security by Zix, Security Awareness Training, MDR and Threat Hunting, these security solutions are directed to SMB and consumers. We serve SMB together with its network of MSPs who help deploy OpenText products and solutions at scale. The Cybersecurity SMB portfolio is primarily delivered through deployments and is often distributed through a global network of MSPs. Through this partner network, we enable SMB clients with limited IT resources to implement cybersecurity capabilities without significant infrastructure investment. Application Delivery Management (ADM) OpenText ADM focuses on helping clients processes and adapt to complex requirements in order to deliver client and employee applications. Our cloud ready solutions are designed to accelerate the development of case and applications with , components, reusable building blocks and accelerators. OpenText ADM provides performance and functional testing, as well as application lifecycle management, with improved visibility across the application delivery process. In addition, the professional services team works with clients to simplify complex interactions among people, content, transactions and workflows across multiple systems of record to support a diverse range of use cases. Within applications automation, we help clients move workloads into the cloud by integrating client applications that operate on mainframes and other legacy infrastructures. From mainframe development tools to host connectivity, these products and solutions are designed to deliver value in a and evolving IT landscape. Clients can innovate with lower risk, by transforming core business applications, processes, and infrastructure from mainframe to cloud. The ADM product category included the AMC business prior to the AMC Divestiture on May 1, 2024. During Fiscal 2024, the AMC business comprised approximately 45% of the ADM revenues. See Note 19 “Acquisitions and Divestitures” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. Analytics OpenText Analytics products and solutions help organizations improve data strategy and data management through automation, data processing, visualization, and natural language capabilities. The Analytics portfolio includes data analytics, unstructured data analysis, and visualization capabilities that enable organizations to process and analyze data from multiple sources, generate insights, and apply those insights within business processes, workflows, and applications. These capabilities can be deployed as comprehensive, analytics solutions or as API components embedded in other original equipment manufacturer (OEM) solutions. The Analytics product category included the eDOCS business prior to the eDOCS Divestiture (as defined below) on January 12, 2026, and the Vertica business prior to the Vertica Divestiture (as defined below) on May 11, 2026. During Fiscal 2026, the Vertica and eDOCS businesses comprised approximately 34% and 8%, respectively of Analytics. See Note 19 “Acquisitions and Divestitures” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. OpenText Aviator and AI OpenText Aviator™ is a suite of business AI agents embedded across OpenText platforms, products, and solutions with security, privacy, compliance, and data governance capabilities. Aviator agents operate as assistants designed to support employees, automate tasks, and support more timely and informed business decisions. These capabilities are designed to enable the use of 9 Table of Contents proprietary data in public and private cloud environments, consistent with applicable enterprise governance requirements. By combining conversational AI, generative AI, predictive analytics, knowledge discovery, and workflow automation, Aviator agents use the secure data context layer to help clients search, summarize, analyze, generate, and act on enterprise data to deliver valuable outcomes and results. OpenText Revenues Our business consists of four revenue streams: cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, license and professional service and other. For information regarding our revenues by significant geographic area for Fiscal 2026, Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2024, see Note 20 “Segment Information” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cloud Services and Subscriptions Cloud services and subscriptions revenues consist of (i) software as a service (SaaS) offerings, (ii) APIs and data services, and (iii) private cloud that includes hosted services and managed service arrangements. These offerings allow clients to transmit a variety of content between various mediums and to securely manage enterprise information without the commitment of investing in related hardware infrastructure. Cloud services and subscriptions revenue was the largest driver of growth in Fiscal 2026. Supported by a global, scalable and secure infrastructure, OpenText Cloud Editions includes a foundational platform of technology services, and packaged business applications for industry and business processes. Managed services provide an fully outsourced B2B integration solution to clients, including program implementation, operational management and customer support. Customer Support The first year of our customer support offering is usually purchased by clients together with the license of our data management software products and solutions. Customer support is typically renewed on an annual basis and historically customer support revenues have been a significant portion of our total revenue. Through our customer support programs, clients receive access to software and security upgrades, a knowledge base, discussion boards, product information and an online mechanism to post and review “trouble tickets.” Additionally, our customer support teams handle questions on the use, configuration and functionality of OpenText products and solutions and help identify software issues, develop solutions and document enhancement requests for consideration in future product releases. License License revenues consist of fees earned from the licensing of software products and solutions to our clients. Our license revenues are impacted by the strength of general economic and industry conditions, the competitive strength of our software products and solutions, and our acquisitions. The decision by a client to license our software products often involves a comprehensive implementation process across the client’s network or networks and the licensing and implementation of our software products and solutions may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective clients. Professional Service and Other We provide consulting and learning services to clients. Generally, these services relate to the implementation, training and integration of our licensed product offerings into the client’s systems. Our consulting services help clients build solutions that enable them to leverage their investments in our technology and in existing enterprise systems. The implementation of these services can range from simple modifications to meet specific departmental needs to enterprise applications that integrate with multiple existing systems. Our learning services consultants analyze our clients’ education and training needs, focusing on key learning outcomes and timelines, with a view to creating an appropriate education plan for the employees of our clients who work with our products and solutions. Education plans are designed to be flexible and can be applied to any phase of implementation: pilot, , upgrade or refresher. OpenText learning services employ a blended approach by combining mentoring, courses, webinars, eLearning and focused workshops. 10 Table of Contents Marketing and Sales Clients Our client base consists of Global 10,000 organizations, enterprise companies, public sector agencies, companies, SMBs and direct consumers. Ecosystem Partners As part of reinvigorating our partner ecosystem, we are committed to working with the best regional system integrators and technology and service providers to , and solutions for our clients. Together these partnerships help fulfill key market objectives to drive new business, establish a competitive advantage and create demonstrable business value. Our OpenText Partner Network offers partnerships across key categories: Global Systems Integrators, Regional System Integrators, Distributors, Cloud Service Providers, Telecommunication Service Providers, and Hyperscalers. This creates an extended organization that develops technologies, repeatable service offerings, and solutions designed to help clients maximize their investments in the OpenText portfolio. Through the OpenText Partner Network, we are extending market coverage, building stronger relationships and providing clients with a more complete local ecosystem of partners to meet their needs. Each distinct program is focused to provide valuable business benefits to the joint relationship. We have a number of important global partnerships that contribute to our success. These include the most prominent organizations in enterprise software, hardware and public cloud, collaborating with us to enhance the value of customer investments. They include: • SAP SE (SAP) : We partner with SAP on content services and our content products are embedded in the SAP infrastructure. The OpenText Suite for SAP solutions provides key business content within the context of SAP business processes providing agentic workflows, enhanced efficiencies and better experiences for clients, employees and partners - accessible anywhere and anytime and available in the cloud and . As our clients move their enterprise resource planning to the cloud with SAP, we believe they can benefit from secure cloud archiving from OpenText to drive higher productivity. • Google Cloud : We work together with Google Cloud to innovate on AI and we deploy our data management solutions on the Google Cloud Platform. This includes a containerized application architecture for flexible cloud or hybrid deployment models. Deploying our solutions on the Google Cloud Platform allows our clients to scale their businesses to meet the cloud data sovereignty requirements globally. We offer our solutions as a managed service and selected products as a SaaS offering. • Amazon Web Services (AWS) : We work with AWS to deploy our cloud solutions on AWS infrastructure to meet client demand. Our collaboration offers businesses the opportunity to consume our data management solutions as fully managed services on AWS for cost savings, increased performance, scalability and security. • Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft) : For the enterprise market, we work together with Microsoft to innovate on integrated content solutions (now with AI), holistic cybersecurity solutions (particularly in threat detection and response), and in ADM with integrated tool sets for the developer. For the SMB market, we are one of Microsoft’s nine authorized Cloud Solutions Providers in the North American market. We sell joint solutions across Microsoft Office and Cybersecurity (SMB & Consumer) through partners to small and medium businesses. • Salesforce, Inc. (Salesforce) : The partnership between OpenText and Salesforce is focused on growing a full portfolio of data management solutions to complement the Salesforce ecosystem by uniting the structured and unstructured information experience. Global Systems Integrators (GSIs) provide clients with digital transformational services around many OpenText technologies, including AI. They are trained and certified on OpenText products and solutions and enhance the value of our offerings by providing technical credibility and complementary services to clients. Our GSIs include Accenture plc, Capgemini Technology Services SAS, Deloitte Consulting LLP, Hewlett Packard Enterprises and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). Our partner program also enables MSPs, regional system integrators, distributors and network and security vendors to grow through cybersecurity, threat intelligence and backup and recovery solutions aimed at 11 Table of Contents the SMB and consumer markets. We provide the tools, services, training, integrations, certifications and platforms our partners need to ensure trust and reliability with their client base. The MSPs in our network provide a key channel as MSPs act as intermediaries between the solutions vendors like OpenText and the SMB market. An MSP specializes in their local market and provides managed services to their clients. International Markets We provide our product offerings worldwide. Our geographic coverage allows us to draw on business and technical expertise from a geographically diverse workforce, providing greater stability to our operations and revenue streams by diversifying our portfolio to better mitigate the risks of a single geographically focused business. There are inherent risks to conducting operations internationally. For more information about these risks, see “Risk Factors” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment, subject to rapid technological change and shifting client needs and economic pressures. We operate across many different distinct market categories, each of which includes and specialized competitors. We compete with large enterprise technology providers, including International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), Oracle Corporation (Oracle) and ServiceNow, Inc. (ServiceNow), as well as with specialized software vendors such as Box, Inc., Hyland Software, Inc., Atlassian Corporation, Gen Digital Inc. and Adobe Inc. In certain markets, OpenText competes with Microsoft, who is also our partner. We also face competition from systems integrators that configure hardware and software into customized systems. As enterprises increasingly adopt artificial intelligence and agentic technologies, competition has expanded beyond traditional data management vendors. We increasingly compete with large platform providers extending into enterprise AI and agentic workflows including Microsoft and ServiceNow. We also compete with specialized enterprise AI and providers and they are often evaluated alongside traditional data management, content management, automation, and workflow offerings. New competitors, emerging technologies, and strategic alliances among existing market participants may also impact competitive dynamics and market share. We expect competition to continue to increase as a result of ongoing software industry consolidation and the continued adoption of cloud, AI and automation technologies. We believe that certain competitive factors affect the market for our software products and services, which may include: (i) vendor and product reputation; (ii) product quality, performance and price; (iii) the availability of software products on multiple platforms; (iv) product scalability; (v) product integration with other enterprise applications; (vi) software functionality and features; (vii) software ease of use; (viii) the quality of professional services, client support services and training; and (ix) the ability to address specific client business problems. We believe the relative importance of each of these factors depends upon the concerns and needs of each specific client. Research and Development The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving industry standards, changes in client requirements and competitive new products and features. As a result, our success, in part, depends on our ability to continually enhance our existing products in a timely and efficient manner and to develop and introduce new products that meet client needs while reducing total cost of ownership. We are committed to advancing our product portfolio through increased investment in research and development activities, with a focus on Content, Business Network, AI, and cloud services products and solutions that reinforce our role as the data foundation for trusted AI. 12 Table of Contents Our product strategy will rely on five pillars: • Business AI - Roadmaps driven by AI strategies • Business Clouds - Secure and connected data management • Business Technology - Via data cloud and enhanced cloud platforms • Business & Consumer Security - Enhancing security for all our clients and products • Product Integration - Deepening the integration of our cybersecurity products into Content Cloud and Business Network Cloud products. Our R&D expenses were $647.7 million for Fiscal 2026, $755.9 million for Fiscal 2025 and $864.5 million for Fiscal 2024. We believe our spending on R&D is an appropriate balance between managing our organic growth and results of operations. Acquisitions and Divestitures During the Last Five Fiscal Years We regularly evaluate acquisition and divestiture opportunities within the data management market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. Below is a summary of certain significant acquisitions and divestitures we have made over the last five fiscal years. • On May 11, 2026, we completed the divestiture of our Vertica business (Vertica), a part of our Analytics product category, to Rocket Software, Inc. (Rocket Software) for $150.0 million in cash before taxes, fees and other adjustments (the Vertica Divestiture). • On January 12, 2026, we completed the divestiture of our eDOCS business (eDOCS), a part of our Analytics product category, to NetDocuments Software, Inc. (NetDocuments) for $163.0 million in cash before taxes, fees and other adjustments (the eDOCS Divestiture). • On May 1, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our Application Modernization and Connectivity (AMC) business to Rocket Software for $2.275 billion in cash before taxes, fees and other adjustments (the AMC Divestiture). • On January 31, 2023, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Micro Focus International Limited, formerly Micro Focus International plc (Micro Focus), a leading provider of software technology and services that help clients accelerate digital transformations, for $6.2 billion (the Micro Focus Acquisition), inclusive of Micro Focus’ cash and repayment of Micro Focus’ outstanding indebtedness. • On December 23, 2021, we acquired Zix Corporation, a leader in SaaS based email encryption, threat protection and compliance cloud solutions for SMBs, for $894.5 million . • On November 24, 2021, we acquired all of the equity interest in Bricata Inc. for $17.8 million. We believe in a programmatic approach to growth through acquisitions that align with our strategic priorities. We expect to carry out programmatic divestitures, when such a strategy presents the best opportunity to monetize returns for mature products. We will remain flexible and aim to allocate our capital accordingly to the highest return scenario. Intellectual Property Rights Our success and ability to compete depends in part on our ability to develop, protect and maintain our intellectual property and proprietary technology and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our software products are generally licensed to our clients on a basis for internal use in a client’s organization. We also grant rights to our intellectual property to third parties that allow them to market certain of our products on a or exclusive basis for a particular application of the product(s) or to a particular geographic area. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We have obtained or applied for trademark registration for corporate and strategic product names in selected major markets. We have a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending applications, including patents and rights to patent applications acquired through strategic transactions, which relate to various aspects of our products and technology. The duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and is typically 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application resulting in the patent. From time to time, we may enforce our intellectual property rights through 13 Table of Contents litigation in line with our strategic and business objectives. While we believe our intellectual property is valuable and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark, license, or other intellectual property right. For more information on the risks related to our intellectual property rights, see “Risk Factors” included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Human Capital Our Global Footprint Our ability to attract, retain and engage a highly skilled workforce committed to innovation, operational excellence and the OpenText mission and values across our global footprint is a cornerstone to our success. As of June 30, 2026, we had approximately 19,900 employees, of which approximately 6,900 or 35% are in the Americas, 4,600 or 23% are in EMEA (as defined below) and 8,400 or 42% are in Asia Pacific. Currently, we have employees in 42 countries enabling strong access to multiple talent pools while ensuring reach and proximity to our clients. See “Results of Operations” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our definitions of geographic regions. The approximate composition of our employee base is as follows: (i) 3,900 employees in sales and marketing, (ii) 6,400 employees in product development, (iii) 3,700 employees in cloud services, (iv) 1,500 employees in professional services, (v) 1,700 employees in customer support and (vi) 2,700 employees in general and administrative roles. We believe that relations with our employees are strong. In certain jurisdictions, where it is customary to do so, a “Workers’ Council” or professional union represents our employees. Employee Engagement, Culture and Values We have high voluntary employee retention levels, and we actively monitor attrition to ensure we retain our key talent. We also regularly conduct employee research to understand perceptions in the areas of engagement, company strategy, company mission, personal impact, manager effectiveness, recognition, career development and values. Participation level and engagement have remained high. Additional surveys and listening, including feedback from new hires through onboarding surveys, inform our communication and engagement plan to ensure we create meaningful experiences and support higher productivity and engagement. Our organizational culture is rooted in the OpenText Way — the business values that guide how we operate. We know that Great People make Great Software. Great people write great software through design that is oriented on their Values : (1) Puts clients first; (2) Tackles challenges head on; (3) Innovates; (4) Helps teams succeed; (5) Cares about people; and (6) Acts ethically. Our human resource programs and how we operate are informed by these values. Governance and Impact We are committed to our role as a responsible corporate citizen, actively making a difference in the communities where our employees live and work through meaningful community impact and volunteer efforts. We focus on delivering the greatest value and impact while complying with all regulatory requirements. Our charitable giving program ensures we direct our resources to maximize impact. We have adopted the UN Sustainable Development Goals framework to guide our charitable efforts. We provide employees with three paid days off to volunteer to support causes that matter most to them and we match many employee fundraising efforts globally on an annual basis. To operate , we need to ensure that our local communities and the natural environment are thriving. We are committed to mitigating any adverse environmental impacts of our business activities, which at a minimum means abiding by all environmental laws, regulations and standards that apply to us. Our Environmental Policy articulates our commitment to measuring and managing our environmental impact. Our Corporate Citizenship governance framework sets a structured approach to pursuing and managing activities to advance our initiatives across the Company. 14 Table of Contents See “Increasing corporate citizenship expectations, regulatory complexity, and disclosure obligations may negatively impact our business, financial performance, and reputation” in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” included elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Compensation and Benefits Our compensation philosophy is based on a set of principles that align with business strategy, reflect business and individual performance levels, consider market conditions to ensure competitiveness, demonstrate internal pay equity for similar roles and reflect the impact that economic conditions have on pay programs. Our compensation and benefit programs are regularly reviewed through an governance process. Across the Company, we offer a wide variety of retirement and group benefits including medical, life and disability, which are designed to protect employees and their dependents against financial hardship due to illness or injury. Programs are designed to recognize the global breadth of our work force and a range of needs. We also have regional Employee Assistance Programs in many countries that provide 24/7 confidential counselling, support and access to resources for employees and their families. The OpenText Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) is a global benefit program that allows all eligible employees to purchase OpenText shares at a 15% discount and provides the opportunity for employees to strengthen their ownership in the Company while enjoying the benefits of potential share price appreciation. performance management is a cornerstone of our goals. reviews and rewards are directly tied to the performance goals that employees achieve throughout the year. Our pay programs are carefully designed and governed, from hiring practices to consistency in progression rates based on performance. In designing variable pay for performance awards, we focus only on measurable outcomes rather than subjective measures. This ensures consistent growth opportunities and awards tied to business results. Employee Education, Training and Compliance We know that employees join OpenText for continuous learning, experience and credentials to shape their careers. Our strategies focus on ensuring strong technical credentials, building capabilities, new skills sets and a high duty of care in ensuring ethical, secure and compliant practices. All employees have internal access to certification on OpenText and partner products, training programs, mentorship, and individual development plans. Leaders and managers play a key role in the engagement of employees. From a focus on high quality interviewing and onboarding of new hires to the importance of career development planning, we foster a culture and value proposition of career development. Internal applications to job postings are highly encouraged. Our annual Career Week event focuses on career development planning and honing manager skills in developing teams. We offer an annual education reimbursement program to all employees globally. This program aligns with our commitment to support internal development, equal opportunity and mobility across all of our geographies, regardless of an employee’s role, function or location. We have designed the education reimbursement program to meet the needs of all personalized development goals through programs that range from technical to business skills. As part of our commitment to the highest standards of conduct, all employees and contractors participate in an annual formal Compliance and Data Security Training, including Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Ethics Code), Responsible Business Practices, Data Protection, Responsible use of AI, Global Data Privacy Practices, Protecting Information and Preventing Sexual Harassment Training. These compliance programs ensure that we operate our business with integrity, following standard business ethics across the globe. Available Information OpenText Corporation was incorporated on June 26, 1991. Our principal office is located at 275 Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 0A1, and our telephone number at that location is (519) 888-7111. Open Text Inc. serves as the Company’s agent for service of process in the United States at 1800 South Novell Place, Provo, Utah, 84606, USA, telephone number (801) 861-7000. Our internet address is www.opentext.com . Our website is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual reference only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. 15 Table of Contents Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed with or furnished to the SEC may be obtained free of charge through the Investors section of our website at investors.opentext.com as soon as is reasonably practical after we electronically file or furnish these reports. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) may be accessed through the CSA’s System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR+) at www.sedarplus.ca . The SEC and SEDAR+ websites are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as inactive textual references only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on the SEC or SEDAR+ websites is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by applicable law. Investors should note that we may announce information using our website, press releases, securities law filings, public conference calls, webcasts and the social media channels identified on the Investors section of our website ( https://investors.opentext.com ). Such social media channels may include the Company’s or our CEO’s blog, Twitter account or LinkedIn account. The information posted through such channels may be material. Accordingly, investors should monitor such channels in addition to our other forms of communication. Unless otherwise specified, such information is not incorporated into, or deemed to be a part of, our Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or under applicable Canadian securities laws. Item 1A. Risk Factors The following important factors could cause our actual business and financial results to differ materially from our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections. These statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made elsewhere by management from time to time are subject to important risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies. The risks discussed below are not necessarily presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with the section entitled “ Statements” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to our Business and Industry If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements used by our clients, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected. Our success depends upon our ability to design, develop, test, market, license, sell and support new software products and services and enhancements of current products and services on a timely basis in response to both competitive threats and marketplace demands. The software industry is increasingly focused on cloud computing, mobility, social media, SaaS and AI, among other continually evolving shifts. In addition, our software products, services and enhancements must remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. Often, we must integrate software licensed or acquired from third parties with our proprietary software to create new products or improve our existing products. If we are unable to achieve a successful integration with software, we may not be successful in developing and marketing our new software products, services and enhancements. If we are unable to successfully integrate software to develop new software products, services and enhancements to existing software products and services, or to complete the development of new software products and services which we license or acquire from third parties, our operating results will be materially adversely affected. Further, as we develop, acquire and introduce new products and services, including those that incorporate AI, we may be subject to new or heightened legal, ethical and other challenges, which may impact our ability to continue to innovate. In addition, if the integrated or new products or enhancements do not achieve acceptance by the marketplace, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, if new industry standards 16 Table of Contents emerge that we do not anticipate or adapt to, or, if alternatives to our services and solutions, including new AI technologies, are developed by our competitors in times of rapid technological change, our software products and services could be rendered less competitive or obsolete, causing us to lose market share and, as a result, harm our business and operating results and our ability to compete in the marketplace. Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs. We may determine that certain software product candidates or programs do not have sufficient potential to warrant the continued allocation of resources. Accordingly, we may elect to terminate one or more of our programs for such product candidates. If we terminate a software product in development in which we have invested significant resources, our prospects may suffer, as we will have expended resources on a project that does not provide a return on our investment, and may have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses, which may negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient or timely return. The development of data management software products is a costly, complex and process, and the investment in data management software product development often involves a long wait until a return is achieved on such an investment. We are making, and will continue to make, significant investments in software research and development and related product and service opportunities. Investments in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including the degree of innovation of the software products and services developed through our research and development efforts, sufficient support from our strategic partners and effective distribution and marketing. Accelerated software product introductions and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development and the potential introduction of government regulation, including those related to the use of AI, and may increase the costs of research and development as well as compliance with such regulation. These expenditures may adversely affect our operating results if they are not offset by corresponding revenue increases. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. However, significant revenues from new software product and service investments may not be achieved for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, new software products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for new software products and services may not be as high as the margins we have experienced for our current or historical software products and services. If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected. We intend to pursue our strategy of strengthening our position in data management by helping organizations manage and govern enterprise data for applications. We intend to grow the capabilities of our data management software offerings through our proprietary research and the development of new software product and service offerings, as well as through acquisitions. It is important to our success that we continue to enhance our software products and services in response to client demand and to seek to set the standard for data management capabilities that enable clients’ increasing adoption of enterprise AI. The primary market for our software products and services is rapidly evolving, and the level of acceptance of products and services that have been released recently, or that are planned for future release to the marketplace, is not certain. If the markets for our software products and services fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected or become subject to increased competition, our business may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to: (i) successfully market our current products and services; (ii) develop new software products and services and enhancements to current software products and services; (iii) complete client implementations on a timely basis; or (iv) complete software products and services currently under development. In addition, increased competition and transitioning from perpetual license sales to subscription-based business model could put significant pricing pressures on our products and result in revenue mix shifts that affect the timing and recognition of our revenues, which could negatively impact our margins and profitability. If this transition does not proceed as anticipated, or if clients do not adopt our cloud offerings at the rate or on the timeline we expect, our operating results may be adversely affected. If our software products and services are not accepted by our clients or by other businesses in the marketplace, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. 17 Table of Contents Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively. We are highly dependent on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as agreements and other contractual provisions, to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will, in all cases, be successful, and these measures can be costly and/or subject us to counterclaims, including challenges to the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be difficult, particularly in some countries outside of North America in which we seek to market our software products and services. While Canadian and U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and international treaties may provide meaningful protection against unauthorized duplication of software, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of Canada or the United States. The absence of internationally harmonized intellectual property laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent protection of our proprietary rights. Additionally, the laws and enforcement mechanisms to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use in new technologies like AI and other machine learning technology are evolving and may be inadequate, including the risk that third parties may use our proprietary software, content or outputs to train AI models without authorization. Furthermore, our own use of AI in developing our products may create uncertainty regarding the ownership, validity or enforceability of the resulting intellectual property, as the legal framework governing the protectability of or works and inventions remains unsettled. Software piracy has been, and is expected to be, a persistent problem for the software industry, and piracy of our software products represents a loss of revenue to us. Where applicable, certain of our license arrangements have required us to make a limited confidential disclosure of portions of the source code for our software products, or to place such source code into escrow for the protection of another party. Despite the precautions we have taken, unauthorized third parties, including our competitors, may be able to copy certain portions of our software products or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Our competitive position may be adversely affected by our possible inability to effectively protect our intellectual property. In addition, certain of our products or proprietary software contain, link to or are derived from open source software. Licensees of open source software may be required to make public certain source code, to license proprietary software for free or to permit others to create derivative works of proprietary software. The use of certain open source software can also expose us to greater risks than use of commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protection regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. While we monitor and control the use of open source software in our products and in any software that is incorporated into or linked to our products or software, and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way that negatively affects our proprietary software, there can be no guarantee that such use does not occur inadvertently, which in turn, could harm our intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any undetected errors or defects in open source software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our software products, delay the introduction of new solutions, or render our software more vulnerable to breaches or security attacks. Other companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase costs and materially harm our ability to generate future revenues and profits. Claims of infringement (including misappropriation and/or other intellectual property violation) are common in the software industry and increasing as related legal protections, including copyrights and patents, are applied to software products. Although most of our technology is proprietary in nature, we do include certain and open source software in our software products. In the case of software, we believe this software is licensed from the entity holding the intellectual property rights. While we believe that we have secured proper licenses for all material intellectual property that is integrated into our products in a manner that requires a license, third parties have and may continue to assert infringement claims against us in the future. In particular, our efforts to protect our intellectual property through patent litigation may result in counterclaims of patent infringement by counterparties in such suits. Any such assertion, regardless of merit, may result in litigation or require us to obtain a license for the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such licenses may not be available, or they may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, as we continue to develop software products and expand our portfolio using new technology and innovation, including AI and machine learning technologies, our exposure to threats of infringement may increase. Any infringement claims and related litigation could be and disruptive to our ability to generate revenues or enter into new market opportunities and may result in significantly increased costs as a result of our defense against those claims or our attempt to license the intellectual property rights or rework our products to avoid infringement of rights. With certain exceptions, our agreements with our partners and clients typically contain provisions that require us to indemnify 18 Table of Contents them for damages sustained by them as a result of any infringement claims involving our products. Any of the foregoing infringement claims and related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results as well as on our ability to generate future revenues and profits. Our software products and services may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues and expose us to litigation. Our software products and services are highly complex and sophisticated and, from time to time, may contain design defects, software errors, hardware failures or other computer system failures that are difficult to detect and correct. Errors, defects and/or other failures may be found in new software products or services or improvements to existing products or services after delivery to our clients, including as a result of the introduction of new and emerging technologies such as AI. If these defects, errors and/or other failures are discovered, we may not be able to successfully correct them in a timely manner. In addition, despite the extensive tests we conduct on all our software products or services, we may not be able to fully simulate the environment in which our products or services will operate and, as a result, we may be unable to adequately detect the design defects or software or hardware errors that may become apparent only after the products are installed in an ’s network, and only after users have transitioned to our services. The occurrence of errors, defects and/or other failures in our software products or services could result in the delay or the denial of market acceptance of our products and alleviating such errors, defects and/or other failures may require us to make significant expenditure of our resources. Clients often use our services and solutions for critical business processes and, as a result, any defect or disruption in our solutions, any data breaches or misappropriation of proprietary information or any error in execution, including human error or intentional activity such as denial of service attacks or hacking, may cause clients to reconsider renewing their contracts with us. The errors in or failure of our software products and services could also result in us losing client transaction documents and other client files, causing significant client dissatisfaction and possibly giving rise to claims for monetary damages. The harm to our reputation resulting from product and service errors, defects and/or other failures may be material. Since we regularly provide a warranty with our software products, the financial impact of fulfilling warranty obligations may be significant in the future. Our agreements with our strategic partners and typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to claims. These agreements regularly contain terms such as the exclusion of all implied warranties and the limitation of the availability of consequential or incidental damages. However, such provisions may not effectively protect us against claims and the attendant liabilities and costs associated with such claims. Any claims for actual or alleged losses to our clients’ businesses may require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or arbitration or to pay significant sums in settlements or damages. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of merit, can be costly and would divert management’s attention and resources. Although we maintain errors and omissions insurance coverage and comprehensive liability insurance coverage, such coverage may not be adequate to cover all such claims. Accordingly, any such claim could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition. Our software products rely on the stability of software, cloud infrastructure and platforms that, if not stable, could negatively impact the effectiveness of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business. Our development of our software products and services depends on the stability, functionality and scalability of underlying infrastructure software, such as operating systems, databases and middleware produced by Oracle, Microsoft and others. If weaknesses in such infrastructure software exist, we may not be able to correct or compensate for such weaknesses. If we are unable to address weaknesses resulting from problems in the infrastructure software such that our software products do not meet client needs or expectations, our reputation, and consequently, our business, may be significantly harmed. In addition, as an increasing portion of our products and services is delivered through the cloud, we depend on cloud infrastructure and platform providers to host and deliver our cloud offerings. Our business could be adversely affected if these providers experience outages, performance or capacity constraints, security vulnerabilities or service interruptions, if they change their pricing, terms or availability, or if they discontinue or limit services on which we rely. Any such disruption could impair the availability, performance or security of our cloud offerings, harm our reputation and relationships with clients, expose us to liability, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks associated with the evolving use of the Internet and AI, including changing standards, competition and regulation and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business. The use of the Internet as a vehicle for electronic data interchange (EDI) and related services continues to raise numerous issues, including those rel

[truncated]