OpenText Announces Leadership Transition Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR OpenText Announces Leadership Transition News provided by Open Text Corporation Aug 11, 2025, 07:00 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X Appoints 25-Year OpenText Veteran James McGourlay as Interim Chief Executive Officer Board of Directors Establishes Executive Committee and Commences CEO Search Company to Continue to Explore Portfolio-Shaping Opportunities to Enhance Focus WATERLOO, ON , Aug. 11, 2025 /CNW/ -- Open Text Corporation (NASDAQ: OTEX) (TSX: OTEX ) ("OpenText" or the "Company") today announced the appointment of James McGourlay, currently Executive Vice President, International Sales at OpenText, as Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. McGourlay has been with the Company for more than 25 years and has held senior roles in sales, customer operations, IT, technical support, product support and special projects. The OpenText Board of Directors (the "Board") informed Mark J. Barrenechea of this transition from his role as CEO, Chief Technology Officer, and Vice Chairman of the Board, effective immediately. To support the executive leadership team during the transition period, the Company announced the appointment of P. Thomas Jenkins as Executive Chair and Chief Strategy Officer, and the establishment of an Executive Committee. Members of the Executive Committee include Mr. Jenkins as Chair, Mr. McGourlay, Interim CEO, Paul Duggan , President & Chief Customer Officer, Todd Cione , President, Worldwide Sales, Cosmin Balota , Interim CFO & Chief Accounting Officer and Michael Acedo , Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Jenkins, currently Chair of the Board, previously served as CEO of the Company and Executive Chair. The Board also appointed Major-General (Ret.) David Fraser as the independent Lead Director of the OpenText Board. OpenText today also announced that it will continue to work with its financial advisors to explore portfolio-shaping opportunities that enhance focus on the Company's core Information Management for AI business and deliver long-term shareholder returns. There can be no assurance that this ongoing work will result in the Company pursuing a transaction. There is no timeframe for the conclusion of the process, and the Company does not intend to comment further unless and until further disclosure is determined to be appropriate. "After a thorough review of the business and its performance, and as we look ahead to the Company's future, the Board believes there is an opportunity to enhance shareholder value by growing revenue in our core Information Management for AI business and redeploying capital from the non-core assets," said Mr. Jenkins, Executive Chair of the Board and Chief Strategy Officer. "On behalf of the Board, I thank Mark for 13 years of dedicated service at OpenText and we wish him the best. Now is the right time for this leadership transition, and James is the ideal leader to serve as Interim CEO. I look forward to working with him and our Executive Leadership Team to ensure that OpenText continues to advance its strategy." "I believe in the opportunities ahead for OpenText and will work diligently in the CEO role on an interim basis," said Mr. McGourlay, Interim CEO. "With the Company's Business Optimization Plan well underway, and given our position at the forefront of Information Management for AI, I am confident that we will continue to innovate across these areas and deliver solutions that power our customers' businesses." In connection with today's announcement, Savinay Berry has been named Chief Technology Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Berry previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer at OpenText, making this a natural transition to the CTO role. Mr. Jenkins continued, "We congratulate Mr. Berry on his well-deserved promotion to CTO and look forward to him extending our competitive advantage through innovation in this dedicated role." The Board has formed a CEO Search Committee, comprising independent directors David Fraser , Bob Hau , Goldy Hyder and Kristen Ludgate to identify the Company's next CEO and will retain a leading executive search firm to assist with the process. About Interim CEO James McGourlay James McGourlay most recently served as Executive Vice President, International Sales, at OpenText since 2021, where he led sales, pre-sales, and partner teams in OpenText's Asia , Japan , Latin America and Advancing Market regions. Mr. McGourlay joined OpenText in 1997, and has held many key leadership positions at OpenText in sales, international sales, IT, technical support, product support and special projects. He was EVP, Customer Operations, where he was responsible for key customer relationships. Previously, Mr. McGourlay was Senior Vice President of Global Technical Services at OpenText, responsible for Technical Support, Renewals, Customer Onboarding and Professional Services, managing all post-sale services, customer lifetime value, and accelerating customers' time to value. Mr. McGourlay has been the catalyst for tremendous growth in the OpenText Customer Services team for the Americas. He has sponsored programs such as My Support, Partner Support Program, quality audits and enhanced Customer Support programs. He and his team are also spearheading the movement towards integrations management, social engagement support for customers and continued improvements to the customer experience. Mr. McGourlay was instrumental in the Company's early acquisitions and the OpenText Enterprise Deployment Board, which he chaired until 2010. About Chief Technology Officer Savinay Berry Savinay Berry has over 20 years of leadership experience in product and engineering for global software and cloud enterprises. He most recently served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer for OpenText. In this role, Mr. Berry has led the Product & Engineering organization to define the vision and strategy for OpenText products including Content, Experience, Business Network, IT Operations, Application Delivery, Analytics & Legal Tech, and more. Prior to serving in this role, Mr. Berry was most recently with Vonage before its acquisition by Ericsson in 2022. At Vonage, Mr. Berry was Executive Vice President, Product and Engineering, where he was responsible for global leadership of Vonage's engineering, product management, and security teams. Focused on driving the company's technology strategy, he led the innovation of the Vonage Communications Platform (VCP) and a portfolio of solutions to accelerate the world's ability to connect. Prior to joining Vonage, Mr. Berry was Senior Vice President, Cloud Services at OpenText, responsible for all cloud services and strategy, including infrastructure, service delivery, managed services, and developer services. Before that, he also served as OpenText Vice President, Engineering and Products leading cloud applications, design, performance and security. Mr. Berry has held various product and engineering roles at Dell EMC and Empowered Inc., which was acquired by Qualcomm in 2014. Mr. Berry holds both a Bachelor's and Master's degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering and an M.B.A. from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University . About Executive Chair & Chief Strategy Officer P. Thomas Jenkins P. Thomas Jenkins is Executive Chair of the Board and Chief Strategy Officer of OpenText. From 1994 to 2005, Mr. Jenkins was President, then Chief Executive Officer and then from 2005 to 2013, Chief Strategy Officer of OpenText. Mr. Jenkins has served as a Director of OpenText since 1994 and as its Chairman since 1998. In addition to his OpenText responsibilities, Mr. Jenkins is a Commissioner of the Tri-Lateral Commission and Chair of Darwin.Cx, a digital community startup. Mr. Jenkins has also served as a board member of Manulife Financial Corporation, Thomson Reuters Inc. and TransAlta Corporation. Mr. Jenkins was previously Chair of the World Wide Web Foundation, First Ascent Ventures and he was also past Chair of the Ontario Global 100 (OG100) and past Canadian Co-Chair of the Atlantik Bruecke. He was the tenth Chancellor of the University of Waterloo and was the founding Chair of the National Research Council of Canada (NRC). He received his commission as an officer in the Canadian Armed Forces in 1983. Mr. Jenkins is a member of the Waterloo Region Entrepreneur Hall of Fame, a Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and recipient of the Ontario Entrepreneur of the Year award, the McMaster Engineering L.W. Shemilt Distinguished Alumni Award and the Schulich School of Business Outstanding Executive Leadership award. He is a Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering (FCAE). Mr. Jenkins was awarded the Canadian Forces Decoration (CD), the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal (QJDM) and the Knight's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (BVO). Mr. Jenkins is an Officer of the Order of Canada (OC). Mr. Jenkins received an M.B.A. from Schulich School of Business at York University , an M.A.Sc. from the University of Toronto and a B.Eng. & Mgt. from McMaster University . Mr. Jenkins has received honorary doctorates from seven universities. About Lead Director Major-General (Ret.) David Fraser Major-General (Ret.) David Fraser has served as a director of OpenText since September 2018 . Mr. Fraser is the President of Aegis Six Corporation of Ottawa . He served in various command and staff positions in the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry from platoon to Division throughout his 30-year career. Most notably, he commanded the NATO coalition in southern Afghanistan in 2006. He is a graduate of the Canadian Forces Command and Staff College in Toronto , holds a Master's of Management and Policy and is a graduate of the United States Capstone Program (Executive School for generals). His honors and awards include the Commander of Military Merit, the Canadian Meritorious Service Cross, the Meritorious Service Medal, the United States Legion of Honor and Bronze Star (for service in Afghanistan ), and leadership recognition awards from the Netherlands , Poland , and NATO. He is the recipient of the Vimy award for contributions to leadership and international affairs and the Atlantic Council Award for international leadership. Upon his departure from the military, Mr. Fraser joined the private sector and, along with his partners, created Blue Goose Pure Foods. Mr. Fraser joined INKAS ® Armored Vehicle Manufacturing as their Chief Operating Officer in 2015 until 2017. In 2016, he founded Aegis Six Corporation, which aims to address the needs of capacity building abroad and for the private sector within Canada . Mr. Fraser currently works with the Bank of Montreal on their Canadian Defence Community Banking Program, and in the last five years, he was also a member of the Conference of Defence Association board and was a director of Route1, Inc. Mr. Fraser is the co-author of Operation Medusa, The Furious Battle that Saved Afghanistan from the Taliban . About OpenText OpenText is a leading Cloud and AI company that provides organizations around the world with a comprehensive suite of Business AI, Business Clouds, and Business Technology. We help organizations grow, innovate, become more efficient and effective, and do so in a trusted and secure way – through Information Management. For more information about OpenText (NASDAQ/TSX: OTEX ), please visit us at https://www.opentext.com . Connect with us: Twitter | LinkedIn Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release, including in respect of the CEO search, portfolio-shaping opportunities, revenue growth for the Information Management for AI business and other matters, which may contain words such as "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "plans", "believes", "seeks", "estimates", "may", "could", "would", "might", "will" and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements or information under applicable securities laws (forward-looking statements). In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements, and are based on our current expectations, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. Forward-looking statements reflect our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions, which are based on management's perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances, such as certain assumptions about the economy, as well as market, financial and operational assumptions. Management's estimates, beliefs and assumptions, including statements regarding future targets and aspirations, are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change and are not considered guidance. We can give no assurance that such estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties such as those relating to: all statements regarding the expected future financial position, results of operations, revenues, expenses, margins, cash flows, dividends, share buybacks, financing plans, business strategy, budgets, capital expenditures, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management, including any anticipated synergy benefits; incurring unanticipated costs, delays or difficulties; and our ability to develop, protect and maintain our intellectual property and proprietary technology and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights, which are important to our success. From time to time, we may also enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation in line with our strategic and business objectives. The actual results that the Company achieves may differ materially from any forward-looking statements. For additional information with respect to risks and other factors which could occur, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other securities regulators. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Further, readers should note that we may announce information using our website, press releases, securities law filings, public conference calls, webcasts and the social media channels identified on the Investors section of our website ( https://investors.opentext.com ). Such social media channels may include the Company's blog, X, formerly known as Twitter, account or LinkedIn account. The information posted through such channels may be material. Accordingly, readers should monitor such channels in addition to our other forms of communication. Copyright ©2025 Open Text. OpenText is a trademark or registered trademark of Open Text. The list of trademarks is not exhaustive of other trademarks. Registered trademarks, product names, company names, brands and service names mentioned herein are property of Open Text. All rights reserved. For more information, visit: https://www.opentext.com/about/copyright-information . OTEX-G SOURCE Open Text Corporation Media Contact: Erin McCabe, Open Text Corporation, [email protected] , OR Investor Contact: Greg Secord, Open Text Corporation, [email protected] × Modal title Organization Profile Open Text Corporation Also from this source OpenText Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2026 Financial Results OpenText Appoints Jill Larsen to Board of Directors OpenText to Report Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2026 Financial Results on Thursday, August 6, 2026 --> Contact PR Newswire 866-245-2317 from 7:30 AM - 6:30 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->