BETA Close X PPHE Hotel Group Limited has appointed Yoav Papouchado as a Non-Executive Director to its Board, effective immediately. Mr. Papouchado brings over 30 years of experience in residential developments and data centres through his role as Chairman of Red Sea Hotels Limited, which, along with family trusts, controls 32.87 per cent of PPHE's issued share capital. He will serve as the second representative director for the Red Sea Group, aligning with their contractual rights. The company also noted its portfolio was valued at £2.4 billion as of December 2025. Disclaimer* PPHE Hotel Group Limited 27 August 2026 27 August 2026 PPHE HOTEL GROUP LIMITED ("PPHE Hotel Group", "PPHE" or the "Group") Appointment of Non-Executive Director PPHE Hotel Group, the international hospitality real estate group which develops, owns and operates hotels and resorts, announces the appointment of Yoav Papouchado as Non-Executive Director to its Board of Directors, effective today. Yoav Papouchado, Chairman of Red Sea Hotels Limited (" Red Sea "), has over 30 years of experience in residential developments and data centres worldwide, developed through his long tenure at Red Sea. Yoav is also Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Arena Hospitality Group, the Company's subsidiary listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange. Yoav has a B.A. in Economics and an MBA, both from Tel Aviv University. Yoav Papouchado also acted as an Alternate Director for Eli Papouchado for five years from 2020. Red Sea is controlled by Eli Papouchado, who, together with his family trusts, owns 32.87 per cent of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares). Yoav Papouchdo will act as the second representative director of the Red Sea Group alongside Roni Hisch, in line with Red Sea's contractual rights under the Relationship Agreement with the Company. Kenneth Bradley, Non-Executive Chairman of PPHE, commented: "We are very pleased to welcome Yoav to the Board. As Chairman of Red Sea, he is a senior appointment who will bring significant expertise and experience to the Company. Following the appointment, we intend to review the overall composition and balance of the Board, and we look forward to updating further on this in due course". No further information is required to be disclosed under UKLR 6.4.8R. Enquiries PPHE Hotel Group Limited Kenneth Bradley, Non-Executive Chairman Tel: +31 (0)20 717 8600 Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Lucy Wollam / India Laidlaw Tel: 020 7796 4133 pphe@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors PPHE Hotel Group is an international hospitality real estate company, with a £2.4 billion portfolio, valued as at December 2025 by Savills and Zagreb nekretnine Ltd (ZANE), of primarily prime freehold and long leasehold assets in Europe. Through its subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates it owns, co-owns, develops, leases, operates and franchises hospitality real estate. Its portfolio includes full-service upscale, upper upscale and lifestyle hotels in major gateway cities and regional centres, as well as hotel, resort and campsite properties in select resort destinations. The Group's strategy is to grow its portfolio of core upper upscale city centre hotels, leisure and outdoor hospitality and hospitality management platform. PPHE Hotel Group benefits from having an exclusive and perpetual licence from the Radisson Hotel Group, one of the world's largest hotel groups, to develop and operate Park Plaza® branded hotels and resorts in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In addition, PPHE Hotel Group wholly owns, and operates under, the art'otel® brand and its Croatian subsidiary owns, and operates under, the Arena Hotels & Apartments® and Arena Campsites® brands. PPHE Hotel Group is a Guernsey registered company with shares listed on the London Stock Exchange. PPHE Hotel Group also holds a controlling ownership interest in Arena Hospitality Group, whose shares are listed on the Prime market of the Zagreb Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and