BETA Close X PPHE Hotel Group Limited has announced a transfer of ordinary shares out of treasury, resulting in 2,464,779 shares now held in treasury. The company's total issued share capital stands at 44,347,410 shares, with each share carrying one vote. Consequently, the total number of voting rights in the company is now 41,882,631, which shareholders should use as the denominator for calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* PPHE Hotel Group Limited 05 August 2026 5 August 2026 PPHE HOTEL GROUP LIMITED ("PPHE" or "the Group") Total Voting Rights PPHE Hotel Group announces that ordinary shares of no par value in the Company (" Shares ") previously held in treasury, were transferred out of treasury (the " Transfer out of Treasury "). As a result of the Transfer out of Treasury, the total number of Shares now held in treasury is 2,464,779 Shares. As at today's date, the Company's total issued share capital is 44,347,410 Shares (including 2,464,779 Shares held in treasury). Each Share carries one vote and therefore the total number of voting rights in the Company is 41,882,631. The above figure of voting rights of 41,882,631 should be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Ends Enquiries: PPHE Hotel Group Limited Daniel Kos, Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director Tel: +31 (0)20 717 8600 h2Radnor Iain Daly / Joshua Cryer Tel: +44 (0) 203 897 183 0 Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Lucy Wollam / India Laidlaw Tel: +44 (0)20 7796 4133 Email: pphe@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors PPHE Hotel Group is an international hospitality real estate company, with a £2.2 billion portfolio, valued as at December 2025 by Savills and Zagreb nekretnine Ltd (ZANE), of primarily prime freehold and long leasehold assets in Europe. Through its subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates it owns, co-owns, develops, leases, operates and franchises hospitality real estate. Its portfolio includes full-service upscale, upper upscale and lifestyle hotels in major gateway cities and regional centres, as well as hotel, resort and campsite properties in select resort destinations. The Group's strategy is to grow its portfolio of core upper upscale city centre hotels, leisure and outdoor hospitality and hospitality management platform. PPHE Hotel Group benefits from having an exclusive and perpetual licence from the Radisson Hotel Group, one of the world's largest hotel groups, to develop and operate Park Plaza® branded hotels and resorts in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In addition, PPHE Hotel Group wholly owns, and operates under, the art'otel® brand and its Croatian subsidiary owns, and operates under, the Arena Hotels & Apartments® and Arena Campsites® brands. PPHE Hotel Group is a Guernsey registered company with shares listed on the London Stock Exchange. PPHE Hotel Group also holds a controlling ownership interest in Arena Hospitality Group, whose shares are listed on the Prime market of the Zagreb Stock Exchange. Company websites: www.pphe.com | www.arenahospitalitygroup.com For reservations: www.parkplaza.com | www.artotel.com | www.arenahotels.com | www.arenacampsites.com | www.radissonhotels.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and