BETA Close X PPHE Hotel Group Limited announced that two Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs), Greg Hegarty and Daniel Kos, were granted nil-cost options for 12,000 ordinary shares each under the Executive Incentive Plan 2020, settling annual bonus entitlements. Greg Hegarty exercised 6,000 of his options immediately, while Daniel Kos exercised his full award of 12,000 options on August 27, 2026, in London. These transactions represent the grant and exercise of share options at nil cost. Disclaimer* PPHE Hotel Group Limited 27 August 2026 27 August 2026 ​​ PPHE HOTEL GROUP LIMITED ("PPHE Hotel Group", "PPHE" or the "Group") Grant and exercise of EVP Annual Bonus Plan awards PPHE Hotel Group, the international hospitality real estate group which develops, owns and operates hotels and resorts, today announces that members of its senior management team: Greg Hegarty and Daniel Kos (each being a person discharging managerial responsibilities as defined in the EU Market Abuse Regulation, or a " PDMR "), have been granted nil-cost options over a number of ordinary shares in the Company as set out in the table below: Name Position Number of ordinary shares in the Company Greg Hegarty C o-Chief Executive Officer 12,000 Daniel Kos Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director 12,000 The awards were granted under the PPHE Executive Incentive Plan 2020 in settlement of annual bonus entitlements under the Company's EVP Annual Bonus Plan. Greg Hegarty has exercised his option award in part immediately. Daniel Kos has exercised his option award in full immediately. The notifications below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation, provide additional detail. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Greg Hegarty 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Co-Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name PPHE Hotel Group Limited b) LEI 2138003H1BZGR6KM5823 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of no par value GG00B1Z5FH87/PPH b) Nature of the transaction Grant of share option Exercise of share option c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 12,000 (grant) Nil 6,000 (exercise) d) Aggregated information See above e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-27 f) Place of the transaction London 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Daniel Kos 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name PPHE Hotel Group Limited b) LEI 2138003H1BZGR6KM5823 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of no par value GG00B1Z5FH87/PPH b) Nature of the transaction Grant and exercise of share option c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 12,000 d) Aggregated information See above e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-27 f) Place of the transaction London Enquiries PPHE Hotel Group Limited Kenneth Bradley, Non-Executive Chairman Tel: +31 (0)20 717 8600 Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Lucy Wollam / India Laidlaw Tel: 020 7796 4133 pphe@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors PPHE Hotel Group is an international hospitality real estate company, with a £2.4 billion portfolio, valued as at December 2025 by Savills and Zagreb nekretnine Ltd (ZANE), of primarily prime freehold and long leasehold assets in Europe. Through its subsidiaries, jointly controlled entities and associates it owns, co-owns, develops, leases, operates and franchises hospitality real estate. Its portfolio includes full-service upscale, upper upscale and lifestyle hotels in major gateway cities and regional centres, as well as hotel, resort and campsite properties in select resort destinations. The Group's strategy is to grow its portfolio of core upper upscale city centre hotels, leisure and outdoor hospitality and hospitality management platform. PPHE Hotel Group benefits from having an exclusive and perpetual licence from the Radisson Hotel Group, one of the world's largest hotel groups, to develop and operate Park Plaza® branded hotels and resorts in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In addition, PPHE Hotel Group wholly owns, and operates under, the art'otel® brand and its Croatian subsidiary owns, and operates under, the Arena Hotels & Apartments® and Arena Campsites® brands. PPHE Hotel Group is a Guernsey registered company with shares listed on the London Stock Exchange. PPHE Hotel Group also holds a controlling ownership interest in Arena Hospitality Group, whose shares are listed on the Prime market of the Zagreb Stock Exchange. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and