co

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021

FRIDAY

COMPANY NUMBER: 12970478

TA

22/07/2022
COMPANIES HOUSE

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

CONTENTS

Company information

Strategic report

Report of the directors

Directors’ responsibilities statement

Independent auditor’s report

Statement of comprehensive income

Statement of financial position

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

Page

13

14-25

rs

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

COMPANY INFORMATION

Directors

Registered office

Company Number

Registered auditor

Bankers

V Ebbon
G Hegarty

County Hall - Riverside Building 2"¢
Floor

Belvedere Road

London

England

SE1 7GP

12970478

Mazars LLP
30 Old Bailey
London
EC4M 7AU

Santander UK Plc

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

STRATEGIC. REPORT

The directors present their strategic report together with the audited financial statements for the year
ended 31 December 2021.

Principal activities

The company was incorporated on 23 October 2020 and is the first full year of trading. Its principal
activity is currently a financing company to the Group.

Review of business

The company has recently been incorporated and acting as a financing company for the year to 31
December 2021. The company made a profit in the year of £1,540k (2020: £1,110k), due to the
interest receivable on loans provided to group companies.

The statement of financial position shows that the net carrying value of the Company’s net assets at
the year-end was £459,502k (2020: £456,938k).

Principal risks and uncertainties
The Company is directly exposed to the risks associated with the hotel industry as follows:

a. Treasury operations
The company has no borrowings and so its principal instruments are cash balances. In addition the
company has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade debtors and trade creditors
arising directly from the operations of the business.

b. Liquidity risk
The company manages its cash requirements at a group level to maximise interest income and
minimise interest expense, whilst ensuring that the company has sufficient liquid resources to meet
the operating needs of its business.

c. Interest rate risk
The company is exposed to fair value interest rate risk on its bank overdraft facility only. The

Company's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company's
long-term debt obligation which is part subject to a floating interest rate of LIBOR/SONIA plus a

margin.
a. Foreign currency risk

At the year end there were no commitments to forward purchase any foreign currency.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)
e. Credit risk

Investments of cash surpluses are made with the company’s main bankers. Receivable balances are
monitored on an ongoing basis and provision is made for doubtful debts where necessary.

Sf Brexit risk
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom voted to formally resign its membership of the European
Union and the country left the EU in December 2020 following a transaction period. We do not
expect Brexit to impact the company.

g. COVID-19 risk
Due to the global COVID-19 situation, the Company is monitoring the current situation and
assessing the impact on a daily basis as the situation evolves. The pandemic does not directly impact
the company however has impacted other group companies in which loans have been provided and
this has been considered.

h. Ukraine risk
During 2022, Russia has invaded and started a war in Ukraine which is currently ongoing.
Management have considered the current situation and consider there to be no direct impact on the
Company, however are closely monitoring the situation as it unfolds.

Future business developments

The directors expect the company to see consistent results in 2022 compared to 2021 as the main
profit is generated by interest receivable on loans provided to other entities.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by

V Ebbon
Director

Date) 290 —6- 22

co

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED ee, :
Company number: 12970478

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The directors present their annual report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2021.

Matters covered in the strategic report

A review of the business including future developments and principal risks and uncertainties are not
shown in the Directors’ Report as this information is included within the Strategic Report under
s414C(11) of the Companies Act 2006.

Results and dividends

The results for the year/period are set out on page 11.

The directors have not recommended a dividend for the current year (2020: £nil).

Directors

The directors of the Company from. incorporation and until the date of this report were:

V Ebbon
G Hegarty

Going concern

As at 31 December 2021 the company’s assets exceeded liabilities by £459,502k (2020: £456,938k).
The directors have reviewed detailed business plans and cash flow projections to 31 December 2023
and believe that the company has sufficient cash resources to cover both working capital and capital
expenditure requirements. The company has a strong balance sheet position and has been profitable
since incorporation and is expected to be going forward.

The directors are satisfied that it is appropriate to prepare accounts on a going concern basis.
Subsequent events

There were no events subsequent to the balance sheet date that required adjustment to or disclosure in
the financial statements.

Creditor payment policy

The company’s current policy concerning the payment of trade creditors is to:

* settle the terms of payment with suppliers when agreeing the terms of each transaction;

*~ ensure that suppliers‘are made aware of the terms of payment by ‘inclusion of the relevant terms in
contracts; and

© pay in accordance with the company’s contractual and other legal obligations.

Lo ee

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (continued)
Disabled Employees

Applications for employment by disabled persons are always fully considered, bearing in mind the
aptitudes of the applicant concerned. In the event of members of staff becoming disabled every effort
is made to ensure that their employment with the group continues and that appropriate training is
arranged. It is the policy of the group that the training, career development and promotion of disabled
employees should, as far as possible be identical to that of other employees.

Employee involvement

The Company places considerable value on the involvement of its employees and has continued to
keep them informed on matters affecting them as employees and on the various factors affecting the
performance of the Company. This is achieved through formal and informal meetings, company
intranet and newsletter. Employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters
affecting their current and future interests.

Details of the number of employees and related costs can be found in note 5 to the financial statements.
Disclosure of information to the auditor

So far as the directors are aware:

there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditor is unaware; and

© they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company’s auditor is aware of that
information, and taken such other steps for that purpose, as were required by their duty as directors
of the company to exercise due care, skill and diligence.

Auditor

It is proposed that Mazars LLP will continue in office in accordance with the Companies Act 2006
section 487(2).

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by

V Ebbon
Director

Date: ZOo- 6-22

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable UK law and regulations. Company law requires the directors
to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that law the directors have elected to
prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law), including Financial Reporting
Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied
that they give a true and. fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the
Company for that period. In preparing those financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
* make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
* comply with applicable UK Accounting Standards subject to any material departures disclosed

and explained in the financial statements; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume
that the company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for maintaining proper accounting records which disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and to enable them to ensure
that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and
detection of fraud and other irregularities.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of PPHE Headco Limited (the ‘company’) for the year ended
31 December 2021 which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Financial
Position, Statement of Changes in Equity and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of
significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their
preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 “Reduced
Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

e give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2021 and of its
profit for the year then ended;

e have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice;

¢ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that:the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concer
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial
statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described
in the relevant sections of this report.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report other than the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information
contained within the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course ‘of the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements,
we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a
material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
(continued)

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
e the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for
which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
e the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable
legal requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course
of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors’
Report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act
2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

«the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

e certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specific by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 6, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true
and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from materia] misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of the financial statements.

The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed
below.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect
of irregularities, including fraud.

Based on our understanding of the company and its industry, we considered that non-compliance with
the following laws and regulations might have a material effect on the financial statements: employment
regulation, health and safety regulation, non-compliance with implementation of government support
schemes relating to COVID-19.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
(continued)

To help us identify instances of non-compliance with these laws and regulations, and in identifying and
assessing the risks of material misstatement in respect to non-compliance, our procedures included, but
were not limited to:

« Inquiring of management and, where appropriate, those charged with governance, as to
whether the company is in compliance with laws and regulations, and discussing their policies
and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations;

© Inspecting correspondence, if any, with relevant licensing or regulatory authorities;

© Communicating identified laws and regulations to the engagement team and remaining alert to
any indications of non-compliance throughout our audit; and

© Considering the risk of acts by the company which were contrary to applicable laws and
regulations, including fraud.

We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct effect on the preparation of the
financial statements, such as: tax legislation, employment legislation e.g. CJRS, pension legislation, the
Companies Act 2006.

In addition, we evaluated the directors’ and management's incentives and opportunities for fraudulent
manipulation of the financial statements, including the risk of management override of controls, and
determined that the principal risks related to: posting manual journal entries to manipulate financial
performance, management bias through judgements and assumptions in significant accounting
estimates, in particular in relation to revenue recognition (which we pinpointed to the completeness and
cut off) and significant one-off or unusual transactions.

Our audit procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:
e Making enquiries of the director and management on whether they had knowledge of any
actual, suspected or alleged fraud;
© Gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to mitigate risks related to fraud;
e Discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud; and
e Addressing the risks of fraud through management override of controls by performing journal
entry testing.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the primary responsibility
for the prevention and detection of irregularities including fraud rests with management. As with any
audit, there remained a risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal controls.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
forms part of our auditor’s report.

Uo ee

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
(continued)

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act. 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Bp

Richard Metcalfe (Jun 22, 2022 1611 GMT*1)

Richard Metcalfe (Senior statutory auditor)

for and on behalf of Mazars LLP, Chartered Accountants (Statutory auditor)
30 Old Bailey

London

EC4M 7AU.

Date: Jun 22, 2022

10