COMPANY NUMBER: 12970478

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT

FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

SATURDAY

mnt

30/10/2021 #183
COMPANIES HOUSE }
—— aa

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

CONTENTS

Company information

Strategic report

Report of the directors

Directors’ responsibilities statement

Independent auditor’s report

Statement of comprehensive income

Statement of financial position

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

Page

13-23

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

COMPANY INFORMATION

Directors

Registered office

Company Number

Registered auditor

Bankers

V Ebbon
G Hegarty

County Hall — Riverside Building 2™
Floor

Belvedere Road

London

England

SEl 7GP

12970478

Mazars LLP

Tower Bridge House
St Katharine’s Way
London

EIW LDD

Santander UK Plc

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

STRATEGIC REPORT

The directors present their report together with the audited financial statements for the period ended
3 December 2020.

Principal activities

The company was incorporated on 23 October 2020 and is the first period of trading. Its principal
activity is currently a financing company to the Group.

Review of business
The company has recently been incorporated and acting as a financing company for the period to 31
December 2020. The company made a profit in the first period of £1,110k, due to the interest

receivable on loans provided to group companies.

The statement of financial position shows that the net carrying value of the Company’s net assets at
the year-end was £456,938k.

We do not believe there to be any significant risks and uncertainties facing our business, other than
those normally encountered within our industry.

Principal risks and uncertainties
a. Treasury operations

The company has no borrowings and so its principal instruments are cash balances. In addition the
company has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade debtors and trade creditors
arising directly from the operations of the business.

b. Liquidity risk
The company manages its cash requirements centrally to maximise interest income and minimise
interest expense, whilst ensuring that the company has sufficient liquid resources to meet the
operating needs of its business.

c. Interest rate risk
The company is exposed to fair valtie interest rate risk on its bank overdraft facility only.

d. Foreign currency risk

At the year end there were no commitments to forward purchase any foreign currency.

Ww

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)
> e@- Credit risk—

Investments of cash surpluses are made with the company’s main bankers. Receivable balances are
monitored on an ongoing basis and provision is made for doubtful debts where necessary.

Sf Brexit risk
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom voted to formally resign its membership of the European
Union and the country left the EU in December 2020 following a transaction period. We do not
expect Brexit to impact the company.

g. COVID-19 risk
Due to the global COVID-19 situation, the Company is monitoring the current situation and
assessing the impact on a daily basis as the situation evolves. The pandemic does not directly impact
the company however has impacted other group companies in which loans have been provided and
this has been considered.

Future business developments

The directors expect the company to see improved results for 2021 compared to 2020 as 2021 will be
a full year of trading for the company and therefore expecting improved profits.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by

V Ebbon
Director

Date: J- F-72027

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the period ended 31
December 2020.

.Matters.covered in the strategic report_ .. cones eee we
A review of the business including future developments and principal risks and uncertainties are not

shown in the Directors* Report as this information is included within the Strategic Report under
s414C(11) of the Companies Act 2006.

Results and dividends

The results for the period are set out on page 10.

The directors have not recommended a dividend for the current. year:

Directors

The directors of the Company from incorporation and until the date of this report were:

V Ebbon
G Hegarty

Going concern

As at 31 December 2020 the company’s assets exceeded liabilities by £456,938k. The directors have
reviewed detailed business plans and cash flow projections to 31 December 2023 and believe that the
company has sufficient cash resources to cover both working capital and capital expenditure
requirements. The ultimate parent company and its subsidiaries have declared that they do not intend
to call in any balances owed to them for a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing the
financial statements.

The directors are satisfied that it is appropriate to prepare accounts on a going concern basis.

Subsequent events

There were no events subsequent to the balance sheet date that required adjustment to or disclosure in
the financial statements.

Creditor payment policy

The company’s current policy concerning the payment of trade creditors is to:

settle the terms of payment with suppliers when agreeing the terms of each transaction;

© ensure that suppliers are made aware of the terms of payment by inclusion of the relevant terms in
contracts; and

© pay in accordance with the company’s contractual and other legal obligations.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS (continued)

Disabled Employees

Applications for employment by disables persons are always fully considered, bearing in mind the
aptitudes of the applicant concerned. In the event of members of staff becoming disabled every effort
is made to ensure that their employment with the group continues and that appropriate training is

arranged, It is the policy of the group that the training, career development and promotion of disabled
employces should, as far as possible be identical to that of other employees.

Employee involvement

The Company places considerable value on the involvement of its employees and has continued to
keep them informed on matters affecting them as employees and on the various factors affecting the
performance of the Company. This is achieved through formal and informal meetings, company
intranet and newsletter. Employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters
affecting their current and future interests.

Details of the number of employce and related costs can be found in note 5 to the financial statements.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

So far as the directors are aware:

¢ there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditor is unaware; and

¢ they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company’s auditor is aware of that
information, and taken such other steps for that purpose, as were required by their duty as directors
of the company to exercise due care, skill and diligence.

Auditor

It is proposed that Mazars LLP will continue in office in accordance with the Companies Act 2006
section 487(2).

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by

lew

V Ebbon
Director

Date: F7- ¢-ZO 2,

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY SYATEMENT

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial
Statements in accordance with applicable UK law and regulations. Company law requires the directors
to prepare financial statements for each financial period. Under that law the directors have elected to
prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law), including Financial Reporting
Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied
that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the
Company for that period. In preparing those financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
* make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
* comply with applicable UK Accounting Standards subject to any material departures disclosed

and explained in the financial statements; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concem basis unless it is inappropriate to presume
that the company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for maintaining proper accounting records which disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and to enable them to ensure
that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and
detection of fraud and other irregularities.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of PPHE Headco Limited (the ‘company’) for the period
ended 31 December 2020 which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of
Financial Position, Statement of Changes in Equity and notes to the financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in
their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101
“Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2020 and of its
profit for the period then ended;
« have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted

Accounting Practice;
¢ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's
ability to continue as a going concem for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial
statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described
in the relevant sections of this report.

Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report other than the financial

statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information
contained within the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. Lf we identity such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements,
we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a
material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED

Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
(continued)

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
e the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for
which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
¢ the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable
legal requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course
of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors’
Report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act
2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

© adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

¢ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specific by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 6, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true
and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of the financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect
of irregularities, including fraud. Based on our understanding of the PPHE Headco Limited and its
industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations rélated to
the UK tax legislation, pensions legislation, employment regulation and health and safety regulation,
anti-bribery, corruption and fraud, money laundering, non-compliance with implementation of
government support schemes relating to COVID-19, and we considered the extent to which non-
compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We also considered those laws and
regulations that have a direct impact on the preparation of the financial statements, such as the
Companies Act 2006.

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: 12970478

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
(continued)

We evaluated the directors’ and management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation
of the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls) and determined that the principal
risks were related to posting manual journal entries to manipulate financial performance, management
bias through judgements and assumptions in significant accounting estimates, in particular in relation
to loss reserves, and significant one-off or unusual transactions.

Our audit procedures were designed to respond to those identified risks, including non-compliance with
laws and regulations (irregularities) and fraud that are material to the financial statements. Our audit
procedures included but were not limited to:
© Discussing with the directors and management their policies and procedures regarding compliance
with laws and regulations;
« Communicating identified laws and regulations throughout our engagement team and remaining
alert to any indications of non-compliance throughout our audit; and
© Considering the risk of acts by the company which were contrary to applicable laws and
regulations, including fraud.

Our audit procedures in relation to fraud included but were not limited to:
© Making enquiries of the directors and management on whether they had knowledge of any actual,
suspected or alleged fraud;
¢ Gaining an understanding of the internal controls established to mitigate risks related to fraud;
« Discussing amongst the engagement team the risks of fraud; and
¢ Addressing the risks of fraud through management override of controls by performing journal
entry testing.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above and the primary responsibility
for the prevention and detection of irregularities including fraud rests with management. As with any
audit, there remained a risk of non-detection of irregularities, as these may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal controls.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council’s website at www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
forms part of our auditor’s report.

Use of the audit report

This report is made solely to the company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent. permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

OS Stan

Jonathan Seaman (Senior statutory auditor)

for and on behalf of Mazars LLP, Chartered Accountants (Statutory auditor)
Tower Bridge House

St Katharine’s Way

London

EIW 1IDD

Date: 12 August 2021

PPHE HEADCO LIMITED
Company number: (2970478

STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020

Period ended 31

December 2020
Note £000
Turnover 2,4 -
Cost of sales -
Gross Profit TT
Administrative expenses (25)
Operating loss 7 (25)
Interest receivable 8 1,642
Intérest payable 9 (507)
Profit before taxation TO
Taxation 10 -
Profit for the period TO
Other comprehensive income for the period -
Total comprehensive income for the period ______ to

All the company’s activities were derived from continuing operations in the current period.

The notes on pages 13 to 23 form part of these financial statements.