BETA Close X PPHE Hotel Group Limited has concluded its strategic review and formal sale process, announcing that it is no longer in discussions with any party regarding a potential sale of the company. The Board has determined that no deliverable proposals were received, and consequently, the company is not currently subject to any takeover approaches. As a result, PPHE is no longer in an offer period under the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers, and the associated disclosure requirements have ceased. Disclaimer* PPHE Hotel Group Limited 02 July 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 02 July 2026 PPHE Hotel Group Ltd ("PPHE" or the "Company") Conclusion of the Strategic Review and Formal Sale Process Further to its announcement on 19 June 2026, the Independent Committee of the Board of PPHE ("the Board") announces that it has concluded the Strategic Review and Formal Sales Process. The Company is no longer in discussions with any party in relation to any proposal for a potential sale of the Company that the Board considers to be deliverable. Accordingly, the Company confirms it is not in receipt of any approach. Following this announcement, the Company is no longer in an offer period for the purposes of the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers and the disclosure requirements under Rule 8 of the Takeover Code have therefore now ceased. Enquiries PPHE Hotel Group Limited Greg Hegarty, Co-Chief Executive Officer Daniel Kos, Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director Robert Henke, Vice President Commercial Affairs +31 (0)20 717 8600 Rothschild & Co (Financial Adviser to PPHE) Alex Midgen Sam Green +44 (0) 20 7280 5000 Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Lucy Wollam / India Laidlaw +44 (0)20 7796 4133 Inside Information The information contained within this announcement is deemed by PPHE to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). On the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of PPHE is Stephanie Coxon. Notice related to financial adviser N.M. Rothschild & Sons Limited ("Rothschild & Co"), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, is acting exclusively for PPHE and for no one else in connection with the subject matter of this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than PPHE for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in connection with the subject matter of this announcement. Additional Information This announcement is not intended to, and does not, constitute or form part of any offer, invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of, any securities, or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. Any offer, if made, will be made solely by certain offer documentation which will contain the full terms and conditions of any offer, including details of how it may be accepted. The distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom and the availability of any offer to shareholders of PPHE who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be affected by the laws of relevant jurisdictions. Therefore any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or shareholders of PPHE who are not resident in the United Kingdom will need to inform themselves about, and observe any applicable requirements. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and