Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 113 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 113 Item 9B. Other Information 116 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 116 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 117 Item 11. Executive Compensation 117 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 117 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 119 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 119 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 119 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 123 SIGNATURES 125 Index PART I Item 1. BUSINESS The Company HEICO Corporation through its subsidiaries (collectively, “HEICO,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company”) believes it is the world’s largest manufacturer of Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”)-approved jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, other than the original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) and their subcontractors. HEICO also believes it is a leading manufacturer of various types of electronic equipment for the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries. The Company was originally organized in 1957 as a holding company known as HEICO Corporation. As part of a reorganization completed in 1993, the original holding company (formerly known as HEICO Corporation) was renamed as HEICO Aerospace Corporation and a new holding corporation known as HEICO Corporation was created. The reorganization did not result in any change in the business of the Company, its consolidated assets or liabilities or the relative interests of its shareholders. Our business is comprised of two operating segments: The Flight Support Group . Our Flight Support Group (“FSG”), consisting of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. and HEICO Flight Support Corp. and their collective subsidiaries, accounted for 68%, 60% and 57% of our net sales in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The FSG uses proprietary technology to design and manufacture jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts for sale at lower prices than those manufactured by OEMs. These parts are approved by the FAA and are the functional equivalent of parts sold by OEMs. In addition, the FSG repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components, avionics and instruments for domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair companies as well as military and business aircraft operators. The FSG also manufactures and sells specialty parts as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the United States ("U.S.") government. Additionally, the FSG is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to the U.S. Department of Defense, defense prime contractors, and foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. Further, the FSG is a leading manufacturer of advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications. The FSG also engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as removable/reusable insulation systems for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications; manufactures expanded foil mesh for lightning strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft; distributes aviation electrical interconnect products and electromechanical parts; overhauls industrial pumps, motors, and other hydraulic units with a focus on the support of legacy systems for the U.S. Navy; performs machining, brazing, fabricating and welding services for aerospace, defense and other industrial applications; and manufactures emergency descent devices ("EDDs") and personnel and cargo parachute products. 1 Index The Electronic Technologies Group . Our Electronic Technologies Group (“ETG”), consisting of HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. and its subsidiaries, accounted for 32%, 40% and 43% of our net sales in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The ETG derived approximately 51%, 49% and 56% of its net sales in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, from the sale of products and services to U.S. and foreign military agencies, prime defense contractors and both commercial and defense satellite and spacecraft manufacturers. The ETG collectively designs, manufactures and sells various types of electronic, data and microwave, and products, including infrared simulation and test equipment, laser rangefinder receivers, electrical power supplies, power supplies, power conversion products, underwater locator beacons, emergency locator transmission beacons, flight deck annunciators, panels, and indicators, electromagnetic and radio frequency interference shielding and filters, high power capacitor charging power supplies, amplifiers, traveling wave tube amplifiers, photodetectors, amplifier modules, microwave power modules, flash lamp drivers, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies, custom power supply designs, cable assemblies, high voltage power supplies, high voltage interconnection devices and wire, high voltage energy generators, high frequency power delivery systems; memory products, including microelectronic and stacked memory, static memory (SRAM), and electronically erasable programmable memory (EEPROM); harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products, radio frequency ("RF") and microwave amplifiers, transmitters, and receivers and integrated assemblies, and components; RF sources, detectors and controllers, wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems, proprietary power and entertainment components and subsystems, crashworthy and ballistically auxiliary fuel systems, nuclear radiation detectors, communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners, fuel level sensing systems, interface products that link devices, high performance active antenna systems and airborne antennas for commercial and military aircraft, precision guided munitions, other defense applications and commercial uses; silicone material for a variety of demanding applications; precision power analog monolithic, hybrid and open frame components; feedthroughs and connectors, technical surveillance countermeasures (TSCM) equipment to detect devices used for espionage and information theft; rugged factor embedded computing solutions; custom high power filters and filter assemblies; test sockets and adapters for both engineering and production use of semiconductor devices; radiation assurance services and products; and high reliability (" "), complex, passive electronic components and rotary joint assemblies for mostly aerospace and defense applications, in addition to other applications, such as medical and energy uses, including emerging "clean energy" and electrification applications. HEICO has continuously operated in the aerospace industry for over 65 years. Since assuming control in 1990, our current management has achieved significant sales and profit growth through a broadened line of product offerings, an expanded customer base, increased research and development expenditures and the completion of a number of acquisitions. As a result of internal growth and acquisitions, our net sales from continuing operations have grown from $26.2 million in fiscal 1990 to $3,857.7 million in fiscal 2024, representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 16%. During the same period, we improved our net income 2 Index from $2.0 million to $514.1 million, representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 18%. Disciplined Acquisition Strategy Acquisitions have been an important element of our growth strategy over the past years, supplementing our organic growth. Since 1990, we have completed approximately 103 acquisitions complementing the niche segments of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries in which we operate. We typically target acquisition opportunities that allow us to broaden our product offerings, services and technologies while expanding our customer base and geographic presence. Even though we have historically pursued an active acquisition policy, our disciplined acquisition strategy involves limiting acquisition candidates to businesses that we believe will continue to grow, offer strong cash flow and earnings potential, and are available at fair prices. See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our recent acquisitions. Flight Support Group The Flight Support Group serves a broad spectrum of the aviation industry, including (i) commercial airlines and air cargo carriers; (ii) repair and overhaul facilities; (iii) OEMs; and (iv) U.S. and foreign governments. The FSG competes with the leading industry OEMs and, to a lesser extent, with a number of smaller, independent parts distributors. Historically, the three principal jet engine OEMs, General Electric (including CFM International), Pratt & Whitney and Rolls Royce, have been the sole source of substantially all jet engine replacement parts for their jet engines. Other OEMs have been the sole source of replacement parts for their aircraft component parts. We believe that we are the largest independent supplier of jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, and in recent years and inclusive of acquisitions, we are now adding new products to our line at a rate of approximately 350 to 550 Parts Manufacturer Approvals (“PMA” or “PMAs”) per year. We have developed for our customers approximately 20,000 parts for which PMAs have been received from the FAA. Jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts can be categorized by their ongoing ability to be repaired and returned to service. The general categories in which we participate are as follows: (i) rotable; (ii) repairable; and (iii) expendable. A rotable is a part which is removed periodically as dictated by an operator’s maintenance procedures or on an as needed basis and is typically repaired or overhauled and an indefinite number of times. An important subset of rotables is “life limited” parts. A life limited rotable has a designated number of allowable flight hours and/or cycles (one and landing generally constitutes one cycle) after which it is rendered unusable. A repairable is similar to a rotable except that it can only be repaired a limited number of times before it must be discarded. An expendable is generally a part which is used and not thereafter repaired for further use. 3 Index Jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts are classified within the industry as (i) ; (ii) new surplus; (iii) overhauled; (iv) repairable; and (v) as removed. A or new surplus part is one that has never been installed or used. parts are purchased from manufacturers (such as HEICO or OEMs) or their authorized distributors. New surplus parts are purchased from excess stock of airlines, repair facilities or other redistributors. An overhauled part is one that has been completely repaired and inspected by a licensed repair facility such as ours. An aircraft spare part is classified as “repairable” if it can be repaired by a licensed repair facility under applicable regulations. A part may also be classified as “repairable” if it can be removed by the operator from an aircraft or jet engine while operating under an approved maintenance program and is airworthy and meets any manufacturer or time and cycle restrictions applicable to the part. A “ ,” “new surplus” or “overhauled” part designation indicates that the part can be immediately utilized on an aircraft. A part in “as removed” or “repairable” condition requires inspection and possibly functional testing, repair or overhaul by a licensed facility prior to being returned to service in an aircraft. FAA Approvals and Product Design . manufacturers of jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts must receive a PMA from the FAA to sell the replacement part. The PMA approval process includes the submission of sample parts, drawings and testing data to one of the FAA’s Aircraft Certification Offices where the submitted data are analyzed. We believe that an applicant’s ability to successfully complete the PMA process is limited by several factors, including (i) the agency’s confidence level in the applicant; (ii) the complexity of the part; (iii) the volume of PMAs being filed; and (iv) the resources available to the FAA. We also believe that companies such as HEICO that have demonstrated their advanced design engineering and manufacturing capabilities, including an established favorable track record with the FAA, generally receive a faster turnaround time in the processing of PMA applications. Finally, we believe that the PMA process creates a significant barrier to entry in this market niche through both its technical demands and its limits on the rate at which competitors can bring products to market. Jet Engine and Aircraft Component Replacement Parts . The FSG engages in the research and development, design, manufacture and sale of replacement parts that are sold to domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair and overhaul companies. Our principal competitors are aircraft engine and aircraft component manufacturers. The FSG's replacement parts include various jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts. A key element of our growth strategy is the continued design and development of an increasing number of PMA replacement parts in order to further penetrate our existing customer base and obtain new customers. We select the jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts to design and manufacture through a selection process which analyzes industry information to determine which replacement parts are suitable candidates. Repair and Overhaul Services . The FSG provides repair and overhaul services on selected jet engine and aircraft component parts, as well as on avionics, instruments, composites and flight surfaces of commercial aircraft operated by domestic and foreign commercial airlines. The FSG also provides repair and overhaul services including avionics and navigation systems as well as subcomponents and other instruments utilized on military aircraft operated by the U.S. 4 Index government and foreign military agencies and for aircraft repair and overhaul companies. Our repair and overhaul operations require a high level of expertise, advanced technology and sophisticated equipment. Services include the repair, refurbishment and overhaul of numerous accessories and parts mounted on gas turbine engines and airframes. Components overhauled include fuel pumps, generators, fuel controls, pneumatic valves, starters and actuators, turbo compressors and constant speed drives, hydraulic pumps, valves and actuators, wheels and brakes, composite flight controls, equipment, auxiliary power unit accessories and thrust reverse actuation systems. Some of the repair and overhaul services provided by the FSG are proprietary repairs approved by an designated engineering representative (“DER”) and/or by the owner/operator. Such proprietary repairs typically create cost savings or provide engineering flexibility. The FSG also provides commercial airlines, regional operators, asset management companies and Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (“MRO”) providers with high quality and cost effective niche accessory component exchange services as an alternative to OEMs’ spares services. Distribution . The FSG distributes parts including hydraulic, pneumatic, structural, interconnect, mechanical and components for the commercial, regional and general aviation markets. The FSG also is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to the U.S. Department of Defense, defense prime contractors, and foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. Further, we believe the FSG is a leading provider of products and services necessary to maintain F-16 fighter aircraft operational capabilities. Manufacture of Specialty Aircraft/Defense Related Parts and Subcontracting for OEMs . The FSG engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as renewable/reusable insulation systems primarily for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications. The FSG also manufactures specialty components and assemblies for sale as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the U.S. government. Additionally, the FSG manufactures advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications; manufactures expanded foil mesh, which is integrated into composite aerospace structures for lightning strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft; performs machining, brazing, fabricating and welding services for aerospace, defense and other industrial applications; and designs, manufactures and distributes emergency descent devices ("EDDs"), personnel and cargo parachute products, heavy airdrop platforms, and other products. As part of our growth strategy, we have continued to increase our research and development activities. Research and development expenditures by the FSG, which were approximately $.3 million in fiscal 1991, increased to approximately $36.7 million in fiscal 2024, $26.4 million in fiscal 2023 and $22.2 million in fiscal 2022. We believe that the FSG's research and development capabilities are a significant component of our historical success and an integral part of our growth strategy. In recent years, the FAA granted us PMAs for approximately 350 to 550 new parts and we develop numerous new proprietary repairs per year; however, no assurance can be given that the FAA will continue to grant PMAs or 5 Index repairs or that we will achieve acceptable levels of net sales and gross profits on such parts or repairs in the future. We benefit from our proprietary rights relating to certain design, engineering and manufacturing processes and repair and overhaul procedures. Customers often rely on us to provide initial and additional components, as well as to redesign, , replace or repair and provide overhaul services on such aircraft components at every stage of their useful lives. In addition, for some products, our unique manufacturing capabilities are required by the customer’s specifications or designs, thereby necessitating reliance on us for production of such designed products. We have no material patents for the proprietary techniques, including software and manufacturing expertise, we have developed to manufacture jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and instead, we primarily rely on trade secret protection. Although our proprietary techniques and software and manufacturing expertise are subject to misappropriation or obsolescence, we believe that we take appropriate measures to prevent misappropriation or obsolescence from occurring by developing new techniques and improving existing methods and processes, which we will continue on an ongoing basis as dictated by the technological needs of our business. We believe that, based on our competitive pricing, reputation for high quality, short lead time requirements, strong relationships with domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and repair stations (companies that overhaul aircraft engines and/or components), and successful track record of receiving PMAs and DER repair approvals from the FAA and commercial air carriers, we are uniquely positioned to continue to increase the products and services offered and gain market share. Electronic Technologies Group Our Electronic Technologies Group’s strategy is to design and manufacture , subcomponents that must successfully operate in the harshest environments, for smaller, niche markets, but which are utilized in larger systems – systems like power, targeting, tracking, identification, simulation, testing, communications, lighting, surgical, medical imaging, baggage scanning, telecom and computer systems. These systems are, in turn, often located on another platform, such as aircraft, rotorcraft, satellites, ships, spacecraft, land vehicles, handheld devices and other platforms. Infrared Simulation and Test Equipment . The ETG is a designer and manufacturer of niche simulation, testing and calibration equipment used in the development of missile seeking technology, airborne targeting and reconnaissance systems, shipboard targeting and reconnaissance systems, sensors as well as ground systems. These products include infrared scene projector equipment, such as our MIRAGE IR Scene Simulator, high precision blackbody sources, software and integrated calibration systems. 6 Index Simulation equipment allows the U.S. government and allied foreign military to save money on missile testing as it allows missiles to be tested on a , rotating table instead of requiring the launch of a complete missile. In addition, several large military prime contractors have elected to purchase such equipment from us instead of maintaining internal staff to do so because we can offer a more solution. Our customers include major U.S. Department of Defense weapons laboratories and defense prime contractors. Laser Products . The ETG is a designer and maker of laser rangefinder receivers and other photodetectors used in airborne, vehicular and handheld targeting systems manufactured by major prime military contractors. Most of our rangefinder receiver product offering consists of complex and patented products which detect reflected light from laser targeting systems and allow the systems to confirm target accuracy and calculate target distances prior to discharging a weapon system. Some of these products are also used in laser eye surgery systems for tracking ocular movement. , Microwave and Other Power Equipment . The ETG produces power supplies, amplifiers and flash lamp drivers used in laser systems for military, medical and other applications that are sometimes utilized with our rangefinder receivers. We also produce emergency power supplies and batteries used on commercial aircraft and business jets for services such as emergency exit lighting, emergency fuel , power door assists, cockpit voice recorders and flight computers. Additionally, we design, manufacture and repair flight deck annunciators, panels and indicators. We design and manufacture next generation wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems, fuel level sensing systems, power distribution solutions and proprietary power and entertainment components and subsystems primarily for business jets, general aviation, and the military/defense market. We offer custom or standard designs that solve challenging OEM requirements and meet stringent safety and emissions requirements. Our power electronics products include capacitor charger power supplies, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies and custom power supply designs. Our microwave products are used in both commercial and military satellites, spacecraft and in electronic warfare systems. These products, which include isolators, bias tees, circulators, latching ferrite switches and waveguide adapters, are used in satellites and spacecraft to control or direct energy according to operator needs. As satellites are frequently used as sensors for warfare, we believe this product line further supports our goal of increasing our activity in the market. Additionally, our microwave products include custom high power filters and filter assemblies, converters, receivers, transmitters, amplifiers, frequency sources and related that address the majority of major satellite frequencies. We believe we are a leading supplier of the niche products which we design and manufacture for this market, a market that includes commercial satellites. Our customers for these products include satellite and spacecraft manufacturers. Electromagnetic Interference (EMI) and Interference (RFI) Shielding and Suppression Filters . The ETG designs and manufactures shielding used to prevent electromagnetic energy and radio frequencies from interfering with other devices, such as 7 Index computers, telecommunication devices, avionics, weapons systems and other electronic equipment. The ETG designs and manufactures EMI/RFI and transient protection solutions for a wide variety of connectors that principally serve customers within the aerospace and defense markets. Our products include a patented line of shielding applied directly to circuit boards and a line of shielding applied to computers and other electronic equipment. Our customers consist essentially of medical, electronics, telecommunications and defense equipment producers. Interface Products . The ETG designs and manufactures advanced , interface products utilized in homeland security, defense, medical research, astronomical and other applications across numerous industries. High Voltage Interconnection Devices . The ETG designs and manufactures high and very high voltage interconnection devices, cable assemblies and wire for the medical equipment, defense and other industrial markets. Among others, our products are utilized in aircraft missile defense, fighter pilot helmet displays, avionics systems, medical applications, wireless communications, and industrial applications including high voltage test equipment and underwater monitoring systems. High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics . The ETG designs and manufactures a patented line of high voltage energy generators for medical, baggage inspection and industrial imaging systems. We also produce high voltage power supplies found in satellite communications, CT scanners and in medical and industrial x-ray systems. Power Conversion Products . The ETG designs and provides innovative power conversion products principally serving the military, space and commercial avionics . These high density, low profile and lightweight converters and electromagnetic interference filters, which include thick film hermetically sealed hybrids, military and custom designed and assembled products, have become the primary specified components of their kind on a generation of complex military, space and avionics equipment. Underwater Locator Beacons and Emergency Locator Transmission Beacons . The ETG designs and manufactures Underwater Locator Beacons (“ULBs”) used to locate aircraft Cockpit Voice Recorders and Flight Data Recorders, marine ship Voyage Recorders and various other devices which have been submerged under water. ULBs are required equipment on all U.S. FAA and European Aviation Safety Agency (“EASA”) approved Flight Data and Cockpit Voice Recorders used in aircraft and on similar systems utilized on large marine shipping vessels. The ETG also designs and manufactures Emergency Locator Transmission Beacons for the commercial aviation and defense markets. Upon activation, these devices transmit a distress signal to alert search and rescue operations of the aircraft's location. Traveling Wave Tube Amplifiers (“TWTAs”) and Microwave Power Modules (“MPMs”) . The ETG designs and manufactures TWTAs and MPMs predominately used in radar, electronic 8 Index warfare, jamming and countermeasure systems in aircraft, ships and detection platforms deployed by U.S. and allied .S. military forces. Memory Products and Specialty Semiconductors . The ETG designs, manufactures and markets microelectronic and stacked memory products including memories, Point of Load (“POL”) voltage converters and peripherals, industrial memories, and complex (“SiP”) solutions. The products’ patented designs provide high reliability memory and circuitry in a unique and stacked form which saves space and weight. These products are principally integrated into larger subsystems equipping satellites and spacecraft and are also utilized in medical equipment. Additionally, the ETG designs and manufactures specialty semiconductors and offers a line of processors as well as static memory (SRAM) and electronically erasable programmable memory (EEPROM) products utilized on a diverse array of military, space and medical platforms. Harsh Environment Connectivity Products and Custom Molded Cable Assemblies . The ETG designs and manufactures high performance, high reliability and harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products. These products include connectors, jacks and plugs, cables, patch panels and switches utilized in aviation, broadcast/audio, defense, industrial, medical and other equipment. RF and Microwave Products. The ETG designs and manufactures RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers to support military communications on unmanned aerial systems, other aircraft, helicopters and data/communications systems. The ETG designs and manufactures RF and microwave integrated assemblies, and components used in a broad range of demanding defense applications operating in harsh environments including space. High Performance Communications and Electronic Intercept Receivers and Tuners. The ETG designs and manufactures innovative, high performance receiver and radio frequency digitizer products for military and intelligence applications. Crashworthy and Ballistically Auxiliary Fuel Systems. The ETG designs and manufactures , crashworthy and ballistically auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft. High Performance Active Antenna Systems and Airborne Antennas. The ETG designs and produces high performance active antenna systems and airborne antennas for commercial and military aircraft, precision guided munitions, and other defense applications and commercial uses. Nuclear Radiation Detectors. The ETG designs and manufactures highly sensitive, reliable and nuclear radiation detectors for law enforcement, homeland security and military applications. 9 Index Specialty Silicone Products. The ETG designs and manufactures silicone material for a variety of demanding applications used in aerospace, defense, research, oil and gas, testing, pharmaceuticals and other markets. Power Amplifiers. The ETG designs and manufactures precision power analog monolithic, hybrid and open frame components for a certain wide range of defense, industrial, measurement, medical and test applications. (" ") Feedthroughs and Connectors. The ETG designs and manufactures feedthroughs and connectors for demanding environments within the industrial, life science, medical, research, semiconductor, and other markets. Technical Surveillance Countermeasures ("TSCM") Equipment. The ETG designs and manufactures TSCM equipment to detect devices used for espionage and information theft serving government agencies, law enforcement, corporate security personnel and TSCM professionals worldwide. Radio Frequency Receivers and Sources. The ETG designs and manufactures RF Sources, Detectors and Controllers for a certain wide range of aerospace and defense applications. Rugged, Embedded Computing Solutions. The ETG designs and manufactures rugged, embedded computing solutions that are primarily used in rugged commercial and industrial, aerospace and defense, transportation, and smart energy applications. High Performance Test Sockets and Adapters. The ETG designs and manufactures higher performance test sockets and adapters for both engineering and production use of semiconductor devices. Radiation Engineering. The ETG offers radiation assurance services and products used in testing and simulating radiation effects on electronic components and materials. , Passive Electronic Components and Rotary Joint Assemblies. The ETG offers , complex, passive electronic components and rotary joint assemblies for mostly aerospace and defense applications, in addition to other applications, such as medical and energy uses, including emerging "clean energy" and electrification applications. As part of our growth strategy, we have continued to invest in our research and development activities. Research and development expenditures by the ETG were $74.5 million in fiscal 2024, $69.4 million in fiscal 2023 and $53.9 million in fiscal 2022. We believe that the ETG's research and development capabilities are a significant component of our historical success and an integral part of our growth strategy. 10 Index Distribution, Sales, Marketing and Customers Each of our operating segments independently conducts distribution, sales and marketing efforts directed at their respective customers and industries and, in some cases, collaborates with other operating divisions and subsidiaries within its group for efforts. Sales and marketing efforts are conducted primarily by personnel and, to a lesser extent, by independent manufacturers’ representatives. Generally, our sales personnel receive a base salary plus commissions and manufacturers’ representatives receive a commission based on sales. We believe that direct relationships are crucial to establishing and maintaining a strong customer base and, accordingly, our senior management is actively involved in our marketing activities, particularly with established customers. We are also a member of various trade and business organizations related to the commercial aviation industry, such as the Aerospace Industries Association, which we refer to as AIA, the leading trade association representing the nation’s manufacturers of commercial, military and business aircraft, aircraft engines and related components and equipment. Due in large part to our established industry presence, we enjoy strong customer relations, name recognition and repeat business. We sell our products to a broad customer base consisting of domestic and foreign commercial and cargo airlines, repair and overhaul facilities, other aftermarket suppliers of aircraft engine and airframe materials, OEMs, domestic and foreign military units, electronic manufacturing services companies, manufacturers for the defense industry as well as medical, telecommunications, scientific, and industrial companies. No one customer accounted for sales of 10% or more of total consolidated sales from continuing operations during any of the last three fiscal years. Net sales to our five largest customers accounted for approximately 19%, 18% and 21% of total net sales in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Competition The aerospace product and service industry is characterized by intense competition. Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition, inventories, complementary product and service offerings, financial, marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly to customer requirements than we can. Moreover, smaller competitors may be in a position to offer more attractive pricing as a result of lower labor costs and other factors. Our jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts business competes primarily with aircraft engine and aircraft component OEMs. The competition is principally based on price and service to the extent that our parts are interchangeable. With respect to other aerospace products and services sold by the Flight Support Group, we compete with both the leading jet engine and aircraft component OEMs and a large number of machining, fabrication, distribution and repair companies, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do. Competition is based mainly on price, product performance, service and technical capability. 11 Index Competition for the repair and overhaul of jet engine and aircraft components and avionics and navigation systems as well as the manufacture of specialty aircraft and defense related parts comes from three principal sources: OEMs, major commercial airlines and other independent service companies. Some of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Some major commercial airlines own and operate their own service centers and sell repair and overhaul services to other aircraft operators. Foreign airlines that provide repair and overhaul services typically provide these services for their own aircraft components and for third parties. OEMs also maintain service centers that provide repair and overhaul services for the components they manufacture. Other independent service organizations also compete for the repair and overhaul business of other users of aircraft components. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the repair and overhaul market are quality, turnaround time, overall customer service and price. Our Electronic Technologies Group competes with several large and small domestic and foreign competitors, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do. The markets for our electronic, data and microwave, and equipment products are niche markets with several competitors where competition is based mainly on design, technology, quality, price, service and customer satisfaction. Raw Materials We purchase a variety of raw materials, primarily consisting of high temperature alloy sheet metal and castings, forgings, metals, electrical components and advanced composite materials from various vendors. The materials used by our operations are generally available from a number of sources and in sufficient quantities to meet current requirements subject to normal lead times. We are subject to rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act regarding the use of certain materials (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. These rules may impose additional costs and may introduce new risks related to our ability to verify the origin of any conflict minerals used in our products. Government Regulation The FAA regulates the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft and aircraft parts operated in the United States. Its regulations are designed to ensure that all aircraft and aviation equipment are continuously maintained in proper condition to ensure safe operation of the aircraft. Similar rules apply in other countries. All aircraft must be maintained under a continuous condition monitoring program and must periodically undergo thorough inspection and maintenance. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various types of aircraft and equipment are prescribed by regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians. Certification and conformance is required prior to installation of a part on an aircraft. Aircraft operators must maintain logs concerning the utilization and condition of aircraft engines, engine parts and airframes. In addition, the FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on 12 Index aircraft engines, some engine parts, and airframes at regular intervals based on cycles or flight time. Engine maintenance must also be performed upon the occurrence of certain events, such as foreign object damage in an aircraft engine or the replacement of engine parts. Such maintenance usually requires that an aircraft engine be taken out of service. Our operations may in the future be subject to new and more stringent regulatory requirements. In that regard, we closely monitor the FAA and industry trade groups in an attempt to understand how possible future regulations might impact us. Our businesses which sell defense products directly to the U.S. Government or for use in systems delivered to the U.S. Government can be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing and other factors. There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements nor competitive positions as a result of these government regulations. Environmental Regulation Our operations are subject to extensive, and frequently changing, federal, state and local environmental laws and substantial related regulation by government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency. Among other matters, these regulatory authorities impose requirements that regulate the operation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; protect the health and safety of workers; and require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us. Notwithstanding these burdens, we believe that we are in material compliance with all federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing our operations. There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements nor competitive positions as a result of these environmental regulations. Other Regulation We are also subject to a variety of other regulations including and community safety laws. The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees and established the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) in the Department of Labor. In particular, OSHA provides special procedures and measures for the handling of certain hazardous and toxic substances. In addition, specific safety standards have been promulgated for workplaces engaged in the treatment, disposal or storage of hazardous waste. Requirements under state law, in some circumstances, may mandate additional measures for facilities handling materials specified as extremely dangerous. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA’s health and safety requirements. 13 Index Insurance We are a named insured under policies which include the following coverage: (i) product liability, including grounding; (ii) personal property, inventory and business interruption at our facilities; (iii) general liability coverage; (iv) employee benefit liability; (v) international liability and automobile liability; (vi) umbrella liability coverage; and (vii) various other activities or items, each subject to certain limits and deductibles. We believe that our insurance coverage is adequate to insure against the various liability risks of our business. Human Capital We believe HEICO’s employees are directly responsible for its success through dedication to their profession and craft. This talented group continues to deliver industry leading growth and new product innovations, all while maintaining HEICO’s unique entrepreneurial culture of excellence. As of October 31, 2024, we had approximately 10,000 and employees including approximately 5,100 in the Flight Support Group (of whom approximately 1,000 were employed by foreign subsidiaries) and approximately 4,900 in the Electronic Technologies Group (of whom approximately 2,000 were employed by foreign subsidiaries). None of our employees are represented by a U.S. domestic union. Our management believes that we have good relations with our employees. Health and Safety The health and safety of our workforce is fundamental to the success of our business. We safeguard our people, projects and reputation by striving for zero employee injuries and illnesses, while operating and delivering our work responsibly and sustainably. We provide our employees upfront and ongoing safety training to ensure that safety policies and procedures are effectively communicated and implemented. Personal protective equipment is provided to those employees where needed for the employee to safely perform their job function. Compensation and Benefits As part of our compensation philosophy, we believe that offering and maintaining market competitive total rewards programs is essential to attract and retain superior talent. In addition to paying healthy base wages, our programs include annual bonus opportunities, a 401(k) plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, flexible work schedules, and employee assistance programs. Equity compensation is also a key component of our compensation strategy, with all domestic team members receiving an annual 401(k) employer contribution in HEICO stock based on Company performance, and employer 401(k) matching contributions are also made using HEICO stock. Additionally, certain team member are granted stock options, further aligning their success with HEICO's growth. 14 Index Diversity and Inclusion We are committed to remaining a diverse and inclusive work environment that supports our global workforce and the communities we serve. We recruit the best people for the job regardless of gender, ethnicity or other protected traits and it is our policy to fully comply with all laws (domestic and foreign) applicable to discrimination in the workplace. Our diversity and inclusion principles are also reflected in our employee training and policies. Available Information Our Internet website address is https://www.heico.com. We make available free of charge, through the Investors section of our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, specialized disclosure reports on Form SD and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These materials are also available free of charge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. The information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and other persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial and Other Officers is part of our Code of Business Conduct, which is located on our website at https://www.heico.com. Any amendments to or waivers from a provision of this code of ethics will be posted on the website. Also located on the website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Finance/Audit Committee Charter, Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee Charter, and Compensation Committee Charter. Copies of the above referenced materials will be made available, free of charge, upon written request to the Corporate Secretary at HEICO Corporation, 3000 Taft Street, Hollywood, Florida 33021. 15 Index Information About Our Executive Officers Our executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. The following table sets forth the names, ages of, and positions and offices held by our executive officers as of December 18, 2024: Name Age Position(s) Director Since Laurans A. Mendelson 86 Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer; and Director 1989 Eric A. Mendelson 59 and Director; President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Flight Support Group 1992 Victor H. Mendelson 57 and Director; President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Electronic Technologies Group 1996 Thomas S. Irwin 78 Senior Executive Vice President — Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 57 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer — Steven M. Walker 60 Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer — Laurans A. Mendelson has served as our Chairman of the Board since December 1990. He has also served as our Chief Executive Officer since February 1990 and served as our President from September 1991 through September 2009. Mr. Mendelson is a former Chairman and present member of the Board of Trustees, former Chairman and present member of the Executive Committee and a current member of the Society of Mount Sinai Founders of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida. In addition, Mr. Mendelson is a Trustee Emeritus of Columbia University in the City of New York, where he previously served as Trustee and Chairman of the Trustees’ Audit Committee. Mr. Mendelson was awarded the honor of Chevalier in France’s Légion d'honneur. Mr. Mendelson was previously named Best CEO in the Aerospace & Defense Electronics Sector by Institutional Investor magazine and recently received the Ultimate CEO Award from the South Florida Business Journal . Early in his career, Mr. Mendelson was a licensed and practicing Certified Public Accountant in the states of Florida and New York, though he no longer practices and his license is inactive. Laurans Mendelson is the father of Eric Mendelson and Victor Mendelson. Eric A. Mendelson has been associated with the Company since 1990, serving in various capacities. Mr. Mendelson has served as our since October 2009 and served as our Executive Vice President from 2001 through September 2009. Mr. Mendelson has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Flight Support Group since its formation in 1993, as well as President of various Flight Support Group subsidiaries. Mr. Mendelson is a , and, since 1987, has been Managing Director of Mendelson International Corporation, a private investment company, which is a shareholder of HEICO. He is a member of the Board of Governors, and has previously served as an Member of the Executive Committee, and Chair of the Civil Aviation Leadership Council, of the Aerospace Industries Association (“AIA”) in Washington, D.C., of which HEICO is a member. In addition, Mr. Mendelson is a member of the Board of Directors of Partnership for Miami, a member of the Advisory Board of Trustees of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida, a Past Chairman of Ransom Everglades 16 Index School in Coconut Grove, Florida, as well as a member of the Board of Visitors of Columbia College in New York City. Eric Mendelson is the son of Laurans Mendelson and the brother of Victor Mendelson. Victor H. Mendelson has been associated with the Company since 1990, serving in various capacities. Mr. Mendelson has served as our since October 2009 and served as our Executive Vice President from 2001 through September 2009. Mr. Mendelson has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Electronic Technologies Group since founding it in September 1996. He served as the Company’s General Counsel from 1993 to 2008 and the Company’s Vice President from 1996 to 2001. In addition, Mr. Mendelson was the Chief Operating Officer of the Company’s former MediTek Health Corporation subsidiary from 1995 until its profitable sale in 1996. Mr. Mendelson is a , and, since 1987, has been President of Mendelson International Corporation, a private investment company, which is a shareholder of HEICO. Mr. Mendelson is a of the Board of Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York, a Trustee of St. Thomas University in Miami Gardens, Florida, a Director of Boys & Girls Clubs of and is a Director and Past President of the Board of Directors of the Florida Grand Opera. Victor Mendelson is the son of Laurans Mendelson and the brother of Eric Mendelson. Thomas S. Irwin has served as our Senior Executive Vice President since June 2012; our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from September 1991 through May 2012; Senior Vice President and Treasurer from 1986 to 1991; and our Vice President and Treasurer from 1982 to 1986. Mr. Irwin is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a member of the American and North Carolina Institutes of Certified Public Accountants. Carlos L. Macau, Jr. has served as our Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since June 2012. Mr. Macau joined HEICO from the international public accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP where he worked from 2000 to 2012 as an Audit Partner. Prior to joining HEICO, Mr. Macau accumulated 22 years of financial and accounting experience serving a number of public and private manufacturing and service clients in a broad range of industries. His client responsibilities included serving as HEICO's lead client services partner for five years (2006 to 2010). Mr. Macau is a current member of the Mount Sinai Founders of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida. Mr. Macau is a Certified Public Accountant, a Chartered Global Management Accountant, and a member of the American and Florida Institutes of Certified Public Accountants. Steven M. Walker has served as our Chief Accounting Officer since June 2012 and served as our Corporate Controller from 2002 through May 2012. He has also served as our Assistant Treasurer since 2002. Mr. Walker is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 17 Index Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be impacted by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any one of which may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results: Strategic, Business and Operational Risks We may not be able to effectively execute our acquisition strategy, which could slow our growth. A key element of our strategy is growth through the acquisition of additional companies. Our acquisition strategy is affected by and poses a number of challenges and risks, including the following: • Availability of suitable acquisition candidates; • Availability of capital; • Diversion of management’s attention; • Effective integration of the operations and personnel of acquired companies; • Potential of acquired intangible assets; • Potential loss of key employees of acquired companies; • Use of a significant portion of our available cash; • Significant dilution to our shareholders for acquisitions made utilizing our securities; • Consummation of acquisitions on satisfactory terms; and • Obtaining applicable domestic and/or foreign governmental approvals such as antitrust and foreign investment related authorizations. We may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success is dependent on the development and manufacture of new products, equipment and services. Our inability to develop, manufacture and introduce new products and services at profitable pricing levels could reduce our sales or sales growth. The aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries are constantly undergoing development and change and, accordingly, new products, equipment and methods of repair and overhaul service are likely to be introduced in the future. In addition to manufacturing electronic and equipment and selected aerospace and defense components for OEMs and the U.S. government and repairing jet engine and aircraft components, we sophisticated aircraft replacement parts originally developed by OEMs so that we can offer the replacement parts for sale at substantially lower prices than those manufactured by the OEMs. Consequently, we devote substantial resources to research and 18 Index product development. Technological development poses a number of challenges and risks, including the following: • We may not be able to successfully protect the proprietary interests we have in various aircraft parts, electronic and equipment and our repair processes; • As OEMs continue to develop and improve jet engines and aircraft components, we may not be able to and manufacture replacement parts that perform as well as those offered by OEMs or we may not be able to profitably sell our replacement parts at lower prices than the OEMs; • We may need to expend significant capital to: - purchase new equipment and machines, - train employees in new methods of production and service, and - fund the research and development of new products; and • Development by our competitors of patents or methodologies that preclude us from the design and manufacture of aircraft replacement parts or electrical and equipment could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to successfully develop new products, equipment or methods of repair and overhaul service, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Intense competition from existing and new competitors may harm our business. We face significant competition in each of our businesses. Flight Support Group • For jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, we compete with the industry’s leading jet engine and aircraft component OEMs. • For the distribution, overhaul and repair of jet engine and aircraft components and avionics and navigation systems as well as the manufacture of specialty aircraft and defense related parts, we compete with: - major commercial airlines, many of which operate their own maintenance and overhaul units; - OEMs, which manufacture, distribute, repair and overhaul their own and other OEM parts; and - other independent service companies. 19 Index Electronic Technologies Group • For the design and manufacture of various types of electronic, data and microwave, and equipment products, we compete in a fragmented marketplace with a number of companies, some of which are well capitalized. Many of the industries serviced by our operating segments are highly fragmented, have several highly visible leading companies, and are characterized by intense competition. Some of our OEM competitors have greater name recognition than HEICO, as well as complementary lines of business and financial, marketing and other resources that HEICO does not have. In addition, OEMs, aircraft maintenance providers, leasing companies and repair facilities may attempt to bundle their services and product offerings in the supply industry, thereby significantly increasing industry competition. Moreover, our smaller competitors may be able to offer more attractive pricing of parts as a result of lower labor costs or other factors. A variety of potential actions by any of our competitors, including a reduction of product prices or the establishment by competitors of relationships with new or existing customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition typically intensifies during cyclical downturns in the aviation industry, when supply may exceed demand. We may not be able to continue to compete effectively against present or future competitors, and competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The inability to obtain certain components and raw materials from suppliers could harm our business. Our business is affected by the availability and price of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our products. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ ability to adjust delivery of time products during times of volatile demand. The supply chains for our business could also be disrupted by external events such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, pandemics, labor disputes, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. As a result, our suppliers may fail to perform according to specifications when required and we may be unable to identify alternate suppliers or to otherwise mitigate the consequences of their . Transitions to new suppliers may result in significant costs and delays, including those related to the required recertification of parts obtained from new suppliers with our customers and/or regulatory agencies. Our inability to fill our supply needs could jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under customer contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. Further, increased costs of such raw materials or components could reduce our profits if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. 20 Index Product specification costs and requirements could cause an increase to our costs to complete contracts. The costs to meet customer specifications and requirements could result in us having to spend more to design or manufacture products and this could reduce our profit margins on current contracts or those we obtain in the future. We may incur damages or disruption to our business caused by natural disasters and other factors that may not be covered by insurance. Several of our facilities, as a result of their locations, could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, fire, power loss, telecommunication and information systems failure, political unrest or similar events. Our corporate headquarters and facilities located in Florida are particularly susceptible to hurricanes, storms, tornadoes or other natural disasters that could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility or facilities. Should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to the risks associated with sales to foreign customers, which could harm our business. We market our products and services to approximately 135 countries, with approximately 37% of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2024 derived from sales to foreign customers. We expect that sales to foreign customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues in the foreseeable future. As a result, we are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including the following: • Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • Geopolitical unrest, war, terrorism and other acts of violence; • Volatility in foreign political, regulatory, and economic environments; • Ability to obtain required export licenses or approvals; • Uncertainty of the ability of foreign customers to finance purchases; • Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees; • Imposition of taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions; • Compliance with a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; and • Transportation delays and other supply chain disruptions. While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 21 Index Cybersecurity events or other disruptions of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. We also collect and store sensitive data, including confidential business information and personal data. These systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. In addition, security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers. Any such events could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal claims or proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not have the administrative, operational or financial resources to continue to grow the company. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and intend to continue to pursue an aggressive growth strategy, both through acquisitions and internal expansion of products and services. Our growth to date has placed, and could continue to place, significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources. We may not be able to grow effectively or manage our growth successfully, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Goodwill and other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. As a result of our acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets. As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, accounted for 62% and 64% of our total assets, respectively. We test our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. We may not realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets, and to the extent that impairment has occurred, we would be required to recognize the impaired portion of such assets in our earnings. An impairment of a significant portion of such assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our success. Our success substantially depends on the performance, contributions and expertise of our senior management team led by Laurans A. Mendelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive 22 Index Officer, and Eric A. Mendelson and Victor H. Mendelson, our . Technical employees are also critical to our research and product development, as well as our ability to continue to sophisticated products of OEMs in order to sell competing replacement parts at substantially lower prices than those manufactured by the OEMs. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees or our inability to continue to attract or retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our executive officers and directors have significant influence over our management and direction. As of December 18, 2024, collectively our executive officers and entities controlled by them, the HEICO Savings and Investment Plan (our 401(k) Plan) and members of the Board of Directors beneficially owned approximately 19% of our outstanding Common Stock and approximately 3% of our outstanding Class A Common Stock. Accordingly, they will be able to substantially influence the election of the Board of Directors and control our business, policies and affairs, including our position with respect to proposed business combinations and attempted takeovers. Industry and Macroeconomic Risks Our success is highly dependent on the performance of the aviation industry, which could be impacted by lower demand for commercial air travel or airline fleet changes causing lower demand for our goods and services. General global industry and economic conditions that affect the aviation industry also affect our business. We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers. Furthermore, disruptions within the aviation industry, such as production delays or regulatory challenges affecting major manufacturers, can reduce demand for our products and services and strain our supply chain. Historically, the aviation industry has been subject to downward cycles from time to time which reduce the overall demand for jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and repair and overhaul services, and such downward cycles result in lower sales and greater credit risk. Demand for commercial air travel can be influenced by airline industry profitability, world trade policies, relations, terrorism, disease outbreaks, environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operations, technological changes, price and other competitive factors. Lower commercial air travel caused by risks arising from public health threats, such as the global pandemic, and their aftermath, airline fleet changes or airline purchasing decisions, could cause lower demand for our goods and services. These global industry and economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 23 Index The retirement or prolonged grounding of commercial aircraft could reduce our revenues and the value of any related inventory. Our Flight Support Group designs and manufactures jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and also repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components. If aircraft or engines for which we offer replacement parts or supply repair and overhaul services are retired or grounded for prolonged periods of time and there are fewer aircraft that require these parts or services, our revenues may decline as well as the value of any related inventory. Reductions in defense, space or homeland security spending by U.S. and/or foreign customers could reduce our revenues. In fiscal 2024, approximately 32% of our net sales were derived from the sale of defense, commercial and defense satellite and spacecraft components, and homeland security products. A decline in defense, space or homeland security budgets or additional restrictions imposed by the U.S. government on sales of products or services to foreign military agencies could lower sales of our products and services. We are subject to risks arising from public health threats, such as the the global pandemic ("Health Emergencies"). Our results of operations may continue to reflect the adverse impact from the pandemic, including its impact on our supply chain and inflationary pressures. Health Emergencies pose a risk that we or our employees, customers, suppliers, manufacturers and other commercial partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to the spread of the disease or shutdowns requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The extent to which Health Emergencies may have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on many factors that are not within HEICO’s control, including but not limited to the path and effect of Health Emergencies, including factors like new variants and vaccination rates, potential supply chain disruptions and inflation, which can impact our key markets. Regulatory and Legal Risks We are subject to governmental regulation and our failure to comply with these regulations could cause the government to withdraw, suspend or revoke our authorizations and approvals to do business and could subject us to penalties and sanctions that could harm our business. Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the FAA, highly regulate the manufacture, repair and overhaul of aircraft parts and accessories. We include, with the replacement parts that we sell to our customers, documentation certifying that each part complies with applicable regulatory requirements and meets applicable standards of airworthiness 24 Index established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. In addition, our repair and overhaul operations are subject to certification pursuant to regulations established by the FAA. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. The revocation or suspension of any of our material authorizations or approvals would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New and more stringent government regulations, if adopted and enacted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, certain product sales to foreign countries of our Electronic Technologies Group and Flight Support Group require export approval or licensing from the United States ("U.S.") government. Denial of export licenses could reduce our sales to those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Pursuant to the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or another Covered Country. There are costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Given the complexity of our supply chain, we may not be able to ascertain the origin of these minerals used in our products in a timely manner, which could cause some of our customers to disqualify us as a supplier to the extent we are unable to certify our products are conflict mineral free. Additionally, the rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of such minerals used in our manufacturing processes for certain products. Also, in foreign countries in which we have operations or business, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies and compliance programs, engage in business practices prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), or the laws and regulations of other countries, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act. Additionally, we are subject to regulations such as the Canadian Forced and Child Labour Act, which prohibits the importation of goods produced wholly or in part by forced or child labor. Any such violations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Tax changes could affect our effective tax rate and future profitability. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, multiple state jurisdictions and certain jurisdictions outside the U.S. In fiscal 2024, our effective tax rate was 17.5%. Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the following: • Changes in statutory tax rates in any of the various jurisdictions where we file tax returns; • Changes in available tax credits or tax deductions; • Changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws including interpretations, amendments and technical corrections of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; 25 Index • Changes to the accounting for income taxes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; • The amount of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our subsidiaries structured as partnerships; • Changes in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates; • Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; • Resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; • The reversal of any previously experienced unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan; and • The Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has issued Pillar Two model rules to ensure large corporations pay a global minimum tax of 15%, which will begin to be effective for our operations in fiscal 2025. The OECD has issued administrative guidance and safe harbor rules around the implementation of Pillar Two. We currently do not expect Pillar Two will have a significant impact on our fiscal 2025 consolidated financial statements, but will continue to monitor the potential impact of future legislation and guidance. Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could have a material adverse effect on net income for future periods. We may incur product liability claims that are not fully insured and such insurance may not be available at commercially reasonable rates. Our jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and repair and overhaul services expose our business to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, an uninsured or partially insured claim, or a claim for which indemnification is not available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our customers typically require us to maintain substantial insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates and our inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may incur environmental liabilities and these liabilities may not be covered by insurance. Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, which govern, among other things, the discharge of hazardous materials into the air and water as well as the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials. Pursuant to various environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous materials. Environmental laws typically impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous materials in the environment. Although management believes that our operations and facilities are in material compliance with 26 Index environmental laws and regulations, future changes in them or interpretations thereof or the nature of our operations may require us to make significant additional capital expenditures to ensure compliance in the future. We carry limited specific environmental insurance, thus, losses could occur for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. The occurrence of an event that is not covered in full or in part by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY Overview The Company prioritizes cybersecurity as a strategic pillar integral to its business strategy, risk management, and governance frameworks. The Board of Directors and executive management play an active role in evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity policies, practices, and procedures. Regular updates are provided by the Chief Information Of

[truncated]