Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 65 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 81 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 83 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 150 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 150 Item 9B. Other Information 151 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 151 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 152 Item 11. Executive Compensation 152 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 152 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 154 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 154 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 155 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 161 Signatures 162 2 Table of Contents Glossary of Commonly Used Terms, Abbreviations and Measurements Unless the context otherwise indicates, all references in this report to "EQT" are to EQT Corporation, and all references in this report to the "Company," "we," "us," or "our" are to EQT Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively . Commonly Used Terms Appalachian Basin – the area of the United States composed of those portions of West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland, Kentucky and Virginia that lie in the Appalachian Mountains. basis – when referring to commodity pricing, the difference between the futures price for a commodity and the corresponding sales price at various regional sales points. The differential commonly is related to factors such as product quality, location, transportation capacity availability and contract pricing. British thermal unit – a measure of the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. collar – a financial arrangement that effectively establishes a price range for the underlying commodity. The producer bears the risk and benefit of fluctuation between the minimum (floor) price and the maximum (ceiling) price. continuous accumulations – natural gas and oil resources that are pervasive throughout large areas, have boundaries and typically lack, or are unaffected by, hydrocarbon-water contacts near the base of the accumulation. delivery point – the point where gas is delivered into a downstream gathering system or transmission pipeline. development well – a well drilled within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. exploratory well – a well drilled to find a new field or new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas in another reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, an extension well, a service well or a stratigraphic test well. extension well – a well drilled to extend the limits of a known reservoir. gas – all references to "gas" in this report refer to natural gas. gross – "gross" natural gas and oil wells or "gross" acres equal the total number of wells or acres in which we have a working interest. hedging – the use of derivative commodity and interest rate instruments to reduce financial exposure to commodity price and interest rate volatility. horizontal drilling – drilling that ultimately is horizontal or near horizontal to increase the length of the well bore penetrating the target formation. horizontal wells – wells that are drilled horizontal or near horizontal to increase the length of the well bore penetrating the target formation. minimum volume commitment (MVC) – contract for gathering services that obligate the customer to pay for a fixed amount of volume daily, monthly, annually or over the life of the contract. natural gas liquids (NGLs) – those hydrocarbons in natural gas that are separated from the gas as liquids through the process of absorption, condensation or other methods in gas processing plants. Natural gas liquids include primarily ethane, propane, butane and isobutane. net – "net" natural gas and oil wells or "net" acres equals the sum of our fractional ownership working interests we have in gross wells or acres. 3 Table of Contents net revenue interest – the interest retained by us in the revenues from a well or property after giving effect to all interests (equal to 100% minus all royalties on a well or property). option – a contract that gives the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a specified quantity of a commodity or other instrument at a specific price within a specified period of time. play – a proven geological formation that contains commercial amounts of hydrocarbons. productive well – a well that is producing oil or gas or that is capable of production. proved reserves – quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations, prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. proved developed reserves – proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. proved undeveloped reserves (PUDs) – proved reserves that can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be recovered from new wells on undrilled proved acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for completion. reliable technology – a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. reservoir – a porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible natural gas and/or oil that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is separate from other reservoirs. service well – a well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include, among other things, gas injection, water injection and disposal. stratigraphic test well – a hole drilled for the sole purpose of gaining structural or stratigraphic information to aid in exploring for oil and gas. throughput – the volume of natural gas transported through a pipeline, plant, terminal or other facility. – when a well is completed, producing and initially turned to sales. well pad – an area of land that has been cleared and leveled to enable a drilling rig to operate in the exploration and development of a natural gas or oil well. working gas – the volume of natural gas in the storage reservoir that can be extracted during the normal operation of the storage facility. working interest – an interest that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on a property and receive a share of any production. 4 Table of Contents Abbreviations CFTC – Commodity Futures Trading Commission EPA – U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ESG – environmental, social and governance FERC – Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FTC – Federal Trade Commission GAAP – U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles IRS – Internal Revenue Service NYMEX – New York Mercantile Exchange OTC – over the counter SEC – U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission WTI – West Texas Intermediate crude oil Measurements Bbl = barrel Bcf = billion cubic feet Bcfe = billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of NGLs and oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas Btu = one British thermal unit Dth = dekatherm or million British thermal units Mbbl = thousand barrels Mcf = thousand cubic feet Mcfe = thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of NGLs and oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas MMbbl = million barrels MMBtu = million British thermal units MMcf = million cubic feet MMcfe = million cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of NGLs and oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas MMDth = million dekatherm Tcfe = trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of NGLs and oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas 5 Table of Contents SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS We believe that the principal risks associated with our business, and consequently the principal risks associated with an investment in our equity or debt securities, generally fall within the following categories: • Risks Associated with Natural Gas Production, Midstream and Processing Operations. As a natural gas producer and an operator of gathering and transmission pipelines and processing facilities, there are risks inherent in our primary business operations. These risks are not necessarily unique to us, but rather, these are risks to which most operators in our industry have at least some exposure. • Financial and Market Risks. Given that our primary product and source of revenue is the gathering, transmission and sale of natural gas and NGLs, one of our most material risks is the commodity market and the price of natural gas and NGLs, which is often volatile. Additionally, our operations are capital intensive. Pressures on the market as a whole, or our specific financial position – whether due to depressed commodity prices, increased prices of raw materials such as iron, sand and water, our hedge positions, leverage, credit ratings, tax law changes or otherwise – could make it difficult for us to obtain the funding necessary to conduct our operations. • Risks Associated with Our Human Capital, Technology and Other Resources and Service Providers. Our business, and the U.S. energy grid, is predominately operated on a digital system. Our employees rely on our digital work environment to communicate and access data that is necessary to conduct our operations. While these systems and infrastructure enable us to efficiently supply natural gas and NGLs to the market, they are also susceptible to physical and cybersecurity threats. Likewise, as a organization, we seek employees with a high degree of both technical skill and digital literacy, and it can be difficult to attract and retain personnel who satisfy these criteria. Further, we operate in the Appalachian Basin, and the majority of our assets, physical infrastructure and midstream customers are also located in the Appalachian Basin, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating primarily in one major geographic area. • Legal and Regulatory Risks. There are many environmental, energy, financial, real property and other regulations that we are required to comply with in the context of conducting our operations; otherwise, we may be exposed to fines, penalties, investigations, litigation or other legal proceedings. Additionally, negative public perception of us or the natural gas industry, or increasing consumer demand for alternatives to natural gas, could adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and financial position. • Risks Associated with Strategic Transactions. We have historically been involved in, and anticipate that we will continue to explore, opportunities to create value through strategic transactions, whether through mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or similar business transactions. There are risks inherent in any strategic transaction, and such risks could negatively affect the benefits, outcomes and synergies anticipated to be obtained from executing such strategic transactions. We describe these risks in greater detail under Item 1A., "Risk Factors." 6 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts are and are usually identified by the use of words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "would," "will," "may," "forecast," "approximate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe" and other words of similar meaning, or the negative thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include the matters discussed in sections "Strategy" and "Outlook" in Item 1., "Business," the section "Trends and Uncertainties" in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and expectations of our plans, strategies, objectives and growth and anticipated financial and operational performance, including guidance regarding our strategy to develop our reserves; drilling plans and programs, including availability of capital to complete these plans and programs; total resource potential and drilling inventory duration; projected production and sales volume, including liquified natural gas (LNG) volumes and sales; natural gas prices; changes in basis and the impact of commodity prices on our business; potential future impairments of our assets; projected well costs and capital expenditures; infrastructure projects; the cost, capacity and timing of obtaining regulatory approvals; our ability to successfully implement and execute our operational, organizational, technological and ESG initiatives, and achieve the anticipated results of such initiatives; projected gathering and compression rates; potential acquisitions or other strategic transactions, the timing thereof and our ability to achieve the intended operational, financial and strategic benefits from any such transactions or from any recently completed strategic transactions; the amount and timing of any repayments, redemptions or repurchases of our common stock, outstanding debt securities or other debt instruments; our ability to retire our debt and the timing of such retirements, if any; the projected amount and timing of dividends; projected cash flows and free cash flow, and the timing thereof; liquidity and financing requirements, including funding sources and availability; our ability to maintain or improve our credit ratings, leverage levels and financial profile; our hedging strategy and projected margin posting obligations; the effects of litigation, government regulation and tax position; and the expected impact of changes to tax laws. The statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on statements as a prediction of actual results. We have based these statements on current expectations and assumptions about future events, taking into account all information currently known by us. While we consider these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Item 1A., "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. Any statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we do not intend to correct or update any statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of natural gas, NGLs and oil that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reserve engineers. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and our development program. Accordingly, reserve estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil that are ultimately recovered. In reviewing any agreements incorporated by reference in or filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, remember such agreements are included to provide information regarding the terms of such agreements and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by us, which should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties to such agreements should those statements prove to be inaccurate. The representations and warranties were intended to be relied upon solely by the applicable party to such agreement and were made only as of the date of the relevant agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in such agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, such representations and warranties alone may not describe our actual state of affairs or the affairs of our affiliates as of the date they were made or at any other time and should not be relied upon as statements of fact. 7 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General We are a vertically integrated natural gas company with production, gathering and transmission operations focused in the Appalachian Basin. As of December 31, 2024, we had 26.3 Tcfe of proved natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves across approximately 2.1 million gross acres and approximately 2,925 miles of pipeline infrastructure. In addition, we operate and hold an investment in the Mountain Valley Pipeline (the MVP), a 303-mile long pipeline that spans from Wetzel County, West Virginia to Pittsylvania County, Virginia. Strategy We are committed to responsibly developing our asset base and being the operator of choice for all stakeholders. By promoting a culture that prioritizes operational efficiency, technology, sustainability and safety, we seek to continuously improve the way we produce and deliver environmentally responsible, reliable and affordable energy. Our business strategy is to be the producer of natural gas. The durability of this strategy relies on our substantial inventory of core drilling locations, our vast midstream infrastructure spanning the Appalachian Basin, our investment grade balance sheet, the low emissions profile of our operations and our team and culture. As the only , integrated natural gas producer in the United States, we are situated to endure and excel during times of market volatility. In periods of low commodity prices, our integrated business model is designed to produce durable free cash flow due to the nature of our midstream assets. In periods of high commodity prices, our structure permits lower levels of financial hedging, thus providing increased exposure to higher natural gas prices. Our drilling inventory coupled with our midstream ownership and operatorship also positions us to provide production growth to serve growing demand from the power and LNG markets. Our operational strategy focuses on the successful execution of projects. refers to the development of several pads in tandem. generates value across all levels of the reserves development process by maximizing operational and capital efficiencies. In the drilling stage, rigs spend more time drilling and less time transitioning to new sites. Advanced planning, a prerequisite to pursuing , facilitates the delivery of bulk hydraulic fracturing sand and piped fresh and recycled water and provides the ability to continuously meet completions supply needs and the use of environmentally friendly technologies such as electric hydraulic fracturing powered by natural gas. Our operational strategy is further enhanced by our robust midstream pipelines and services, enabling us to keep our development costs low and limiting our need to hedge our future production, providing both downside protection and better exposure to natural gas price increases in the face of a volatile commodity market. The benefits of extend beyond financial gains to include environmental and social interests. We have developed an integrated ESG program that interplays with our operational strategy. Core tenets of our ESG program include investing in technology and human capital; improving data collection, analysis and reporting; and engaging with stakeholders to understand, and align our actions with, their needs and expectations. , when compared to similar production from operations, translates into fewer trucks on the road, decreased fuel usage, shorter periods of noise pollution, fewer areas impacted by midstream pipeline construction and shortened duration of site operations, all of which fosters a greater focus on safety, environmental protection and social responsibility. We believe that projects are key to delivering sustainably low well costs and higher returns on invested capital. Our business model enables us to generate durable free cash flow and correspondingly, we have implemented a robust capital allocation strategy directed at responsibly developing our assets and positioning us for organic growth, while also returning capital to our shareholders through a combination of debt retirements, a base dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. We are also focused on maintaining and strengthening our investment grade credit metrics, which improve our access to reliable, capital throughout market cycles. Furthermore, we believe the benefits of our operating model can be enhanced through select strategic transactions, and, as such, part of our strategy includes creating value through mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and similar business transactions as well as by investing in energy transition opportunities directed at complementing and, in certain cases, diversifying our core business operations. 8 Table of Contents We believe that our proprietary digital work environment, the size and contiguity of our asset base, and our robust midstream pipeline network, uniquely position us to execute on a inventory of projects in our core acreage position. Our operational strategy employs this differentiation to advance our mission of being the operator of choice for all stakeholders, while simultaneously helping to address energy security and affordability both domestically and globally . 2024 and Recent Highlights • Generated $2.8 billion of net cash provided by operating activities. • Completed the Equitrans Midstream Merger (defined in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). • Completed the First NEPA Asset Divestiture (defined in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) in May 2024 and the Second NEPA Asset Divestiture (defined in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) in December 2024. • Completed the Midstream Joint Venture Transaction (defined in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). • Retired $4.3 billion aggregate principal of senior notes and term loans outstanding under the Term Loan Facility (defined in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). • Paid $327 million in aggregate dividends to shareholders. Outlook In 2025, we expect to spend approximately $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion on total capital expenditures. We expect to allocate the total planned capital expenditures as follows: approximately $1,445 million to $1,555 million to fund reserve development, approximately $160 million to $180 million to fund land and lease acquisitions, approximately $80 million to $90 million to fund other production infrastructure, approximately $360 million to $390 million to fund gathering infrastructure, approximately $50 million to $60 million to fund transmission infrastructure and approximately $205 million to $225 million towards capitalized interest, capitalized overhead and other. Of the total planned capital expenditures, we expect to allocate approximately $350 million to $380 million to strategic growth projects composed of approximately $85 million to $95 million for water infrastructure within reserve development, approximately $130 million to $140 million for growth projects within gathering infrastructure and approximately $135 million to $145 million for leasing within land and lease acquisitions. In 2025, we expect our sales volume to be 2,175 Bcfe to 2,275 Bcfe. We are committed to maintaining investment grade credit metrics. In 2024, we published a leverage and debt retirement strategy with the goal of reducing our debt to $7.5 billion by the end of 2025, and, in 2025, we published an update to our leverage and debt retirement strategy with the goal of reducing our debt to $5.0 billion, subject to the overall performance of the commodity markets (our Debt Retirement Plan). Our capital allocation plan is focused on maintaining production volumes while also returning capital to shareholders, including through our quarterly cash dividend and share repurchase program, pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to $2 billion, excluding fees, commissions and expenses. Furthermore, we have aligned our hedge strategy in a manner that we believe will mitigate the risk of volatility of natural gas and NGLs prices, thereby enabling us to execute on our capital expenditure, debt retirement and shareholder return strategy. Our revenues, earnings and liquidity are substantially dependent on the prices we receive for, and our ability to develop our reserves of, natural gas, NGLs and oil, which are also largely dependent on natural gas prices. Due to the volatility of commodity prices, we are unable to predict future potential movements in the market prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil at our ultimate sales points and, thus, cannot predict the ultimate impact of prices on our operations. Changes in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices could affect, among other things, our development plans, which would increase or decrease the pace of the development and the level of our reserves, as well as our revenues, earnings or liquidity. Lower prices and changes in our development plans could also result in impairments in the book value of our oil and gas properties and midstream infrastructure or downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. Any such impairments or downward adjustments to our estimated reserves could potentially be material to us. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and assumptions related to accounting for natural gas, NGLs and oil producing activities and impairment of our oil and gas properties. See also Item 1A., "Risk Factors – Natural gas, NGLs and oil price declines, and changes in our development strategy, have resulted in impairment of certain of our assets. Future declines in commodity prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance or additional changes in our development strategy may result in additional of the carrying amounts of our assets, including intangible assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in future periods." 9 Table of Contents Segment and Geographical Information Prior to the completion of the Equitrans Midstream Merger, we reported our results of operations as a single consolidated segment. Thereafter, and as a result thereof, we adjusted our internal reporting structure and our chief operating decision maker changed the manner in which he measures financial performance and allocates resources to incorporate the gathering and transmission assets we acquired in the Equitrans Midstream Merger. Hence, our operations expanded to comprise three discrete segments reflective of our three lines of business of Production, Gathering and Transmission. Accordingly, the manner in which we report our operations has been changed retrospectively, with certain prior period amounts recast between our Production segment and Gathering segment. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements as well as Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion of our reportable segments. Substantially all of our assets and operations are located in the Appalachian Basin. Composition of Operating Revenues The following table summarizes the composition of our operating revenues by business segment. Years Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (Thousands) Operating revenues: Production (a) $ 5,009,833 $ 6,896,358 $ 7,484,063 Gathering (b) 749,700 161,395 96,947 Transmission (b) 218,293 — — Total Segment 5,977,826 7,057,753 7,581,010 Intersegment eliminations and other (c) (704,517) (148,830) (83,321) EQT Corporation $ 5,273,309 $ 6,908,923 $ 7,497,689 (a) Primarily sales of natural gas, NGLs and oil and, for 2023 and 2022, gain (loss) on derivatives. (b) Primarily pipeline revenues. (c) Primarily elimination of intercompany transactions between our Production segment and our Gathering or Transmission segments for the transportation of our natural gas. Production Segment Assets and Operations Reserves The following table summarizes our proved developed and undeveloped natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves using average closing prices for the prior twelve months and disaggregated by product. Substantially all of our reserves reside in continuous accumulations. December 31, 2024 Natural Gas NGLs and Oil Total (Bcf) (MMbbl) (Bcfe) Proved developed reserves 17,440 227 18,805 Proved undeveloped reserves 7,105 59 7,460 Total proved reserves 24,545 286 26,265 90% of our total proved developed reserves, 98% of our total proved undeveloped reserves and 92% of our total proved reserves are located in the Marcellus Shale. 10 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our proved developed and undeveloped reserves using average closing prices for the prior twelve months and disaggregated by state. December 31, 2024 Pennsylvania West Virginia Ohio Total (Bcfe) Proved developed reserves 12,093 5,850 862 18,805 Proved undeveloped reserves 3,741 3,677 42 7,460 Total proved reserves 15,834 9,527 904 26,265 Gross proved undeveloped drilling locations 178 181 3 362 Net proved undeveloped drilling locations 150 158 3 311 Our 2024 total proved reserves decreased by 1,332 Bcfe, or 4.8%, compared to 2023 due to production of 2,228 Bcfe, negative revisions of previous estimates of 1,080 Bcfe and decreases from the NEPA Asset Divestitures of 1,563 Bcfe, partly offset by extensions, discoveries and other additions of 3,126 Bcfe and acquisitions from the First NEPA Asset Divestiture of 413 Bcfe. Our 2024 proved undeveloped reserves decreased by 579 Bcfe, or 7.2%, compared to 2023. The following table provides a rollforward of our proved undeveloped reserves. Proved Undeveloped Reserves (Bcfe) Balance at January 1, 2024 8,039 Conversions into proved developed reserves (2,637) Divestiture (a) (188) Revision of previous estimates (b) (823) Extensions, discoveries and other additions (c) 3,069 Balance at December 31, 2024 7,460 (a) Proved undeveloped assets divested in the NEPA Asset Divestitures. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (b) Composed of (i) negative revisions of 925 Bcfe related to proved undeveloped locations that we no longer expect to develop as proved reserves within five years of initial booking primarily as a result of development schedule changes, (ii) negative revisions of 87 Bcfe primarily related to revisions to lateral lengths and type curves, partly offset by (iii) positive revisions of 189 Bcfe due primarily to changes in ownership interests. (c) Composed of (i) 2,912 Bcfe from proved undeveloped additions associated with acreage that was previously unproved but became proved due to 2024 reserve development that expanded the number of our proven locations and additions to our drilling plan and (ii) positive revisions of 157 Bcfe from the extension of lateral lengths of proved undeveloped reserves. As of December 31, 2024, we had zero wells with proved undeveloped reserves that had remained undeveloped for more than five years from their time of booking. 11 Table of Contents The following table presents estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves (excluding cash flows from open derivative contracts), the present value of such net cash flows discounted at a rate of 10% ( ) and the prices used in estimating such net cash flows. Our reserve estimates do not include any probable or possible reserves. Years Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (Millions, unless otherwise noted) Future net cash flow $ 17,094 $ 19,031 $ 87,612 Standardized Measure (a) 7,999 9,262 40,065 (a) 9,844 11,520 51,512 Prices, including regional adjustments: Natural gas price ($/Mcf) $ 1.468 $ 1.700 $ 5.543 NGLs price ($/Bbl) 29.28 28.44 38.66 Oil price ($/Bbl) 59.45 63.86 76.83 (a) is a financial measure. is derived from the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows (the Standardized Measure), which is the most comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. differs from the Standardized Measure in that excludes the effects of income taxes on future net revenues. We believe the presentation of is relevant and useful to investors because it provides the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our proved reserves without regard to any of our specific income tax characteristics and is a useful measure for evaluating the relative monetary significance of our oil and natural gas properties. Investors may use as a basis for comparing the relative size and value of our proved reserves to that of other companies. should not be considered as a substitute for, or more meaningful than, the Standardized Measure. Neither nor the Standardized Measure represents an estimate of the fair market value of our oil and natural gas properties. See below for a reconciliation of the Standardized Measure to . Future net cash flows represent projected revenues from the sale of proved reserves, net of production and development costs (including transportation and gathering expenses, operating expenses and production taxes) and net of estimated income taxes. Revenues are based on a unweighted average of the pricing without escalation. Future cash flows are reduced by estimated production costs, administrative costs, costs to develop and produce the proved reserves and abandonment costs, all based on current economic conditions at each . There can be no assurance that the proved reserves will be produced in the future or that prices, production or development costs will remain constant. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating reserves and related information. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the preparation of, and changes in, our reserves estimate and calculation of the Standardized Measure. The following table provides the reconciliation of the Standardized Measure to . Years Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (Millions) Standardized Measure $ 7,999 $ 9,262 $ 40,065 Estimated discounted income taxes on future net revenues 1,845 2,258 11,447 $ 9,844 $ 11,520 $ 51,512 If the prices we used to calculate the Standardized Measure instead reflected strip pricing as of December 31, 2024 and held constant thereafter using (i) the NYMEX strip adjusted for regional differentials using Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. M-2, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line, Leidy Line, and Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co., Zone 4-300 Leg for gas and (ii) the NYMEX WTI strip for oil, adjusted for regional differentials consistent with those used in the Standardized Measure, and holding all other assumptions constant, our total proved reserves would be 26,742 Bcfe, the Standardized Measure of our proved reserves would be $22,020 million, the discounted future net cash flows before taxes would be $26,712 million and the average realized product prices weighted by production over the remaining lives of the properties would be $3.016 per Mcf of gas, $24.49 per barrel of NGLs and $47.54 per barrel of oil. 12 Table of Contents The NYMEX strip price for proved reserves and related metrics are intended to illustrate reserve sensitivities to market expectations of commodity prices and should not be confused with SEC pricing for proved reserves and do not comply with SEC pricing assumptions. We believe that the presentation of reserve volume and related metrics using NYMEX forward strip prices provides investors with additional useful information about our reserves because the forward prices are based on the market's expectations of oil and gas prices as of a certain date. The price at which we can sell our production in the future is the major determinant of the likely economic producibility of our reserves. We hedge certain amounts of future production based on futures prices. In addition, we use such data in developing our drilling plans, assessing our capital expenditure needs and projecting future cash flows. While NYMEX strip prices represent a consensus estimate of future pricing, such prices are only an estimate and are not necessarily an accurate projection of future oil and gas prices. Actual future prices may vary significantly from NYMEX prices; therefore, actual revenue and value generated may be more or less than the amounts disclosed. Investors should be careful to consider forward prices in addition to, and not as a substitute for, SEC pricing, when considering our reserves. Based on our mix of proved undeveloped probable and possible reserves, we estimate that we have an undeveloped drilling inventory of approximately 3,600 gross locations. At our current drilling pace, these locations provide more than 30 years of drilling inventory based on gross undeveloped acres, average expected lateral length of 12,000 feet and well spacing of 1,000 feet. Production Acreage The majority of our production acreage is held by lease or occupied under perpetual easements or other rights acquired, for the most part, without warranty of underlying land titles. Approximately 37% of our total gross acres is developed. We retain deep drilling rights on the majority of our production acreage. The following table summarizes our production acreage disaggregated by state. December 31, 2024 Pennsylvania West Virginia Ohio Total Total gross productive acreage 440,850 264,583 73,247 778,680 Total gross undeveloped acreage 738,302 433,912 126,215 1,298,429 Total gross acreage 1,179,152 698,495 199,462 2,077,109 Total net productive acreage 434,088 225,617 62,931 722,636 Total net undeveloped acreage 726,978 370,008 108,438 1,205,424 Total net acreage 1,161,066 595,625 171,369 1,928,060 Average net revenue interest of proved developed reserves 80.6 % 77.2 % 43.4 % 76.5 % We have an active lease renewal program in areas targeted for development. In the event that production is not established or we do not extend or renew the terms of our expiring leases, 17,345, 26,478 and 29,342 of our net undeveloped production acreage as of December 31, 2024 will expire in the years ending December 31, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. 13 Table of Contents Productive and Wells The following table summarizes our productive and natural gas wells. We had no productive or oil wells as of December 31, 2024. December 31, 2024 Pennsylvania West Virginia Ohio Total Productive wells: Total gross productive wells (a) 3,060 1,141 412 4,613 Total net productive wells 2,853 1,077 212 4,142 wells: Total gross wells 146 147 13 306 Total net wells 115 139 — 254 (a) Of our total gross productive wells, there are 744 gross conventional wells in Pennsylvania and 6 gross conventional wells in West Virginia. We have no gross conventional wells in Ohio. Drilling Activity The following table summarizes our completed net productive development wells. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we did not drill any net dry development, net productive exploratory or net dry exploratory wells. Pennsylvania West Virginia Ohio Total Year Ended December 31, 2024 76 44 2 122 Year Ended December 31, 2023 91 47 2 140 Year Ended December 31, 2022 55 26 2 83 The following table summarizes the gross and net wells on which we commenced drilling operations (spud) in 2024. Pennsylvania West Virginia Ohio Total Gross wells spud 64 35 11 110 Net wells spud 53 35 — 88 Production, Sales, Customers and Price The following table summarizes our natural gas, NGLs and oil sales volume by state. Pennsylvania West Virginia Ohio Total (MMcfe) Year Ended December 31, 2024 1,418,812 713,267 96,080 2,228,159 Year Ended December 31, 2023 1,496,197 435,898 84,178 2,016,273 Year Ended December 31, 2022 1,493,568 323,113 123,362 1,940,043 For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, lease operating expenses (LOE) per Mcfe were $0.09, $0.07 and $0.08, respectively. For more information on our Production segment's operating expenses, refer to "Business Segment Results of Operations – PRODUCTION" in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Natural Gas Sales. Natural gas is a commodity and, therefore, we typically receive pricing for our produced natural gas. The market price for natural gas in the Appalachian Basin is typically lower relative to NYMEX Henry Hub, Louisiana (the location for pricing NYMEX natural gas futures) as a result of increased supply of natural gas in the Northeast United States and limited pipeline capacity to transport the supply to other regions. To protect our cash flow from undue exposure to the risk of changing commodity prices, we hedge a portion of our forecasted natural gas production at, for the most part, NYMEX natural gas prices. We also enter into derivative instruments to hedge basis. For information on our hedging strategy and our derivative instruments, refer to "Commodity Risk Management" in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," Item 7A., "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 14 Table of Contents NGLs Sales. We primarily sell NGLs recovered from our natural gas production. We contract with our Gathering segment (which owns and operates a processing facility), MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P., Williams Ohio Valley Midstream LLC and Blue Racer Midstream to process and extract heavier hydrocarbon streams (consisting predominately of ethane, propane, isobutane, normal butane and natural gasoline) from our produced natural gas. We market the majority of our NGLs. Natural Gas and NGLs Customers. We sell natural gas and NGLs to marketers, utilities and industrial customers located in the Appalachian Basin and in markets that are accessible through our transportation portfolio, particularly where there is expected future demand growth such as in the Gulf Coast, Midwest, East Coast corridor and Northeast United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 44% of our sales volume reaches markets outside of Appalachia. We do not depend on any single customer and believe that the loss of any one customer would not have an adverse effect on our ability to sell our natural gas, NGLs and oil. We have access to approximately 4.9 Bcf per day of firm pipeline takeaway capacity, including 1.29 Bcf per day of firm pipeline takeaway capacity on the MVP that we have contracted through June 30, 2044. In addition, we are committed to an additional 0.55 Bcf per day of firm pipeline takeaway capacity on MVP Southgate once in service. We have access to approximately 1.1 Bcf per day of firm processing capacity, including 0.2 Bcf per day of firm processing capacity on our owned processing facility. These firm transportation and processing agreements may require minimum volume delivery commitments, which we expect to principally fulfill with production from existing reserves. Natural Gas Marketing. EQT Energy, LLC, our indirect, marketing subsidiary, provides marketing services and contractual pipeline capacity management services primarily for our benefit. EQT Energy, LLC also engages in risk management and hedging activities to limit our exposure to shifts in market prices. Average Sales Price. The following table presents our average sales price per unit of natural gas, NGLs and oil, with and without the effects of cash settled derivatives, as applicable. Years Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Natural gas ($/Mcf): Average sales price, excluding cash settled derivatives $ 2.02 $ 2.37 $ 6.22 Average sales price, including cash settled derivatives 2.59 2.68 3.00 NGLs, excluding ethane ($/Bbl): Average sales price, excluding cash settled derivatives $ 39.13 $ 36.39 $ 53.26 Average sales price, including cash settled derivatives 38.83 35.12 49.35 Ethane ($/Bbl): Average sales price $ 6.03 $ 6.00 $ 14.20 Oil ($/Bbl): Average sales price $ 58.67 $ 59.93 $ 77.06 Natural gas, NGLs and oil ($/Mcfe): Average sales price, excluding cash settled derivatives $ 2.21 $ 2.50 $ 6.24 Average sales price, including cash settled derivatives 2.74 2.79 3.17 For additional information on pricing, see "Average Realized Price Reconciliation" in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 15 Table of Contents Delivery Commitments We have contractually agreed to deliver firm quantities of gas and NGLs to various customers, which we expect to fulfill with production from existing reserves. We regularly monitor our proved developed reserves to ensure sufficient availability to meet commitments for the next one to three years. The following table summarizes our total gross commitments as of December 31, 2024. Natural Gas NGLs (Bcf) (Mbbl) Years Ending December 31, 2025 1,333 12,869 2026 572 5,429 2027 520 3,808 2028 404 3,660 2029 349 3,650 Thereafter 1,811 27,380 During the fourth quarter of 2023, we entered into two firm sales agreements, pursuant to which we agreed to deliver and sell to the parties thereto up to an aggregate 1.2 Bcf per day of gas using our capacity on the MVP for up to ten years beginning in 2027. The firm sales agreements are subject to currently unsatisfied conditions related to the date of the Transco Southeast Supply Enhancement project; therefore, their impact has been excluded from the schedule of total gross commitments in the table above. Gathering Segment Assets and Operations Gathering System As of December 31, 2024, our gathering system included approximately 1,975 miles of gathering lines (of which approximately 1,260 miles were gathering lines), 179 compression units with an aggregate compression of approximately 623,000 horsepower and multiple interconnect points to our transmission and storage system and to other interstate pipelines. In addition, we own a processing facility with capacity of 0.2 Bcf per day. Gathering Customers Our Gathering segment has gathering agreements with our Production segment and third parties. Certain of our Gathering segment's agreements provide us the right to elect to gather all natural gas produced from wells located in specified dedicated acreage. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our Production segment accounted for approximately 71% of our gathering system's throughput and approximately 80% of our Gathering segment's operating revenues. As of December 31, 2024, our gathering system had total contracted firm reservation capacity, including contracted MVCs, of approximately 7.5 Bcf per day. Including future capacity expected from expansion projects that are not yet fully constructed or not yet fully in service for which we have executed firm service contracts, our gathering system had total contracted firm reservation capacity, including contracted MVCs, of approximately 8.6 Bcf per day as of December 31, 2024. Based on total projected contractual revenues, our firm gathering contracts with third parties had a weighted average remaining term of approximately 10 years as of December 31, 2024. In addition, based on total projected contractual revenues, our firm gathering contracts with our Production segment had a weighted average remaining term of approximately 14 years as of December 31, 2024. Generally, our Gathering segment does not take title to the natural gas gathered by its assets, but it retains a percentage of wellhead gas receipts to recover natural gas used to fuel its compressor stations and meet other requirements of its gathering system. 16 Table of Contents Transmission Segment Assets and Operations Transmission System As of December 31, 2024, our transmission and storage system included approximately 950 miles of , interstate pipelines with total throughput capacity of approximately 5.0 Bcf per day, 44 compression units with an aggregate compression of approximately 175,000 horsepower and 8 interconnect points to other interstate pipelines and multiple local distribution companies. As of December 31, 2024, our transmission and storage system included 18 natural gas storage reservoirs with a peak withdrawal capacity of approximately 800 MMcf per day and a working gas capacity of approximately 43 Bcf. Transmission Customers Our Transmission segment has transmission and storage agreements with our Production segment and third parties. transmission and storage customers include local distribution companies, other producers, marketers and commercial and industrial users. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our Production segment accounted for approximately 64% of our transmission assets' throughput and approximately 59% of our Transmission segment's operating revenues. Including future capacity expected from expansion projects that are not yet fully constructed or not yet fully in service for which we have executed firm service contracts, our transmission and storage system had total firm capacity subscribed under transmission contracts of approximately 5.4 Bcf per day and total firm capacity subscribed under storage contracts of 38.4 Bcf as of December 31, 2024. Based on total projected contractual revenues, our firm transmission and storage contracts with third parties had a weighted average remaining term of approximately 11 years as of December 31, 2024. In addition, based on total projected contractual revenues, our firm transmission and storage contracts with our Production segment had a weighted average remaining term of approximately 13 years as of December 31, 2024. Generally, our Transmission segment does not take title to the natural gas transported or stored by its assets but does retain a percentage of the gas receipts to recover natural gas used to fuel its compressor stations and meet other requirements of its transmission and storage system. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 99% of our Transmission segment's contracted firm transmission capacity was subscribed under negotiated rate agreements. As of December 31, 2024, our Transmission segment had minimal contracted firm transmission capacity subscribed at discounted rates and recourse rates. See also "Regulation" below and Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors – A substantial majority of the services we provide on our transmission and storage systems are subject to , 'negotiated rate' contracts that are subject to limited or no adjustment, even if our cost to perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts, and, as a result, our costs could exceed our revenues received under such contracts, we could be unable to achieve the expected investment return under such contracts, and/or our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected." for additional information. The MVP and MVP Southgate We operate and hold an equity method investment in the MVP, a 303-mile long, 42-inch diameter natural gas interstate pipeline with a total capacity of 2.0 Bcf per day that spans from the Company's transmission and storage system in Wetzel County, West Virginia to Pittsylvania County, Virginia and has 3 interconnect points to other interstate pipelines. Based on total projected contractual revenues, the MVP's firm transmission contracts had a weighted average remaining term of approximately 19.5 years as of December 31, 2024. In addition, we hold an equity method investment in MVP Southgate, a contemplated 31-mile, 30-inch diameter natural gas interstate pipeline with a targeted capacity of 0.55 Bcf per day that would extend from the terminus of the MVP in Pittsylvania County, Virginia to new delivery points in Rockingham County, North Carolina. MVP Southgate is estimated to have a total cost of approximately $370 million to $430 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC) and certain costs incurred for purposes of the originally certificated project (see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details), of which we will fund our proportionate share through capital contributions to the MVP Joint Venture (defined in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 17 Table of Contents Seasonality Generally, but not always, the demand for natural gas (including the demand for its gathering, transmission or storage) decreases during the summer months and increases during the winter months. Seasonal anomalies such as mild winters or summers may also affect demand. Competition Other natural gas producers compete with us in the acquisition of properties; the search for, and development of, reserves; the production and sale of natural gas and NGLs; and the securing of services, labor, equipment and transportation required to conduct operations. Our competitors include independent oil and gas companies, major oil and gas companies, individual producers, operators and marketing companies and other energy companies that produce substitutes for the commodities that we produce. Competitors for our natural gas gathering business include companies that own major natural gas pipelines, independent gas gatherers and integrated energy companies, including natural gas producers that develop or acquire their own gathering system. When compared to us, some of our competitors have operations in multiple natural gas producing basins, greater capital resources and access to, or control of, larger natural gas supplies. Competition for our natural gas transmission and storage business is based primarily on rates, customer commitment levels, timing, performance, commercial terms, reliability, service levels, location, reputation and fuel efficiencies. Our principal competitors include companies that own major natural gas pipelines in the Appalachian Basin. In addition, we compete with companies that are building gathering facilities that are able to transport natural gas to interstate pipelines without being subject to FERC jurisdiction. Regulation Regulation of our Operations. Our exploration and production operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including regulations related to the following: the location of wells; the method of drilling, well construction, well stimulation, hydraulic fracturing and casing design; water withdrawal and procurement for well stimulation purposes; well production; spill prevention plans; the use, transportation, storage and disposal of fluids and materials incidental to oil and gas operations; surface usage and the reclamation of properties upon which wells or other facilities have been located; the plugging and abandoning of wells; the calculation, reporting and disbursement of royalties and taxes; and the gathering of production in certain circumstances. These regulations, and any delays in obtaining related authorizations, may affect the costs and timing of developing our natural gas resources. Our operations are also subject to conservation and correlative rights regulations, including the following: regulation of the size of drilling and spacing units or field rule units; setbacks; the number of wells that may be drilled in a unit or in close proximity to other wells; drilling in the vicinity of coal mining operations and certain other structures; and the unitization or pooling of natural gas properties. Ohio allows the statutory pooling or unitization of tracts to facilitate development and exploration. In Pennsylvania, lease integration legislation authorizes joint development of existing contiguous leases. West Virginia allows the operator of a proposed horizontal well to develop the acreage of and unlocatable and unknown owners if 75% of the mineral interest owners and 55% of the working interest owners in the proposed well unit consent to the development. Additionally, state conservation and oil and gas laws generally limit the venting or flaring of natural gas. Various states also impose certain regulatory requirements to transfer wells to third parties or discontinue operations in the event of divestitures by us. We also have gathering and processing operations that are subject to various federal and state environmental laws and local zoning ordinances, including the following: air permitting requirements for compressor station and dehydration units and other permitting requirements; erosion and sediment control requirements for compressor station and pipeline construction projects; waste management requirements and spill prevention plans for compressor stations; various recordkeeping and reporting requirements for air permits and waste management practices; compliance with safety regulations, including regulations by the U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA); and siting and noise regulations for compressor stations. These regulations may increase the costs of operating existing pipelines and compressor stations and increase the costs of, and the time to develop, new or expanded pipelines and compressor stations. 18 Table of Contents We use financial derivative instruments to hedge the impact of fluctuations in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices on our results of operations and cash flows. In 2010, Congress adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that established federal oversight and regulation of the OTC derivative market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. The legislation, known as the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Act), required the CFTC, the SEC and other regulatory agencies to promulgate rules and regulations implementing this legislation. Among other things, the Act established margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain categories of swaps and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail or alter their derivative activities. The Act also created new categories of regulated market participants, such as "swap dealers" (SDs) and " swap dealers" (SBSDs) that are subject to significant new capital, registration, recordkeeping, reporting, disclosure, business conduct and other regulatory requirements, a large number of which have been implemented. This regulatory framework has significantly increased the costs of entering into derivatives transactions for of derivatives, such as us. In particular, new margin requirements and capital charges, even when not directly applicable to us, have increased the pricing of derivatives that we transact in. New exchange trading margin regulations, trade reporting requirements and position limits may lead to changes in the liquidity of our derivative transactions or higher pricing. That said, our hedging activities are not subject to mandatory clearing or the margin requirements imposed in connection with mandatory clearing, although we are subject to certain recordkeeping and reporting obligations associated with the Act. Additionally, our uncleared swaps are not subject to regulatory margin requirements. Finally, we believe that the majority, if not all, of our hedging activities constitute bona fide hedging under applicable federal and position limits rules and are not materially impacted by the limitations under such rules. In addition to U.S. laws and regulations relating to derivatives, certain .S. regulatory authorities have passed or proposed, or may propose in the future, legislation similar to that imposed by the Act. For example, European Union legislation imposes position limits on certain commodity transactions, and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) requires reporting of derivatives and various risk mitigation techniques to be applied to derivatives entered into by parties that are subject to EMIR. Other similar regulations are in development throughout the globe and may increase our cost of doing business even if not directly binding on us. Regulators periodically review or audit our compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. We anticipate that compliance with existing laws and regulations governing our current operations will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Additional proposals that affect the oil and gas industry are regularly considered by Congress, the states, regulatory agencies and the courts. We cannot predict when or whether any such proposals may become effective or the effect that such proposals may have on us. The following is a summary of some of the existing laws, rules and regulations to which our business operations are subject. Natural Gas Sales and Transportation. The availability, terms and cost of transportation significantly affect sales of oil and natural gas. The interstate transportation and sale for resale of oil and natural gas is subject to federal regulation, including regulation of the terms, conditions and rates for interstate transportation, storage and various other matters, primarily by the FERC. Federal and state regulations govern the price and terms for access to oil and natural gas pipeline transportation. The FERC's regulations for interstate oil and natural gas transportation in some circumstances may also affect the intrastate transportation of oil and natural gas. Historically, federal legislation and regulatory controls have affected the price of the natural gas we produce and the manner in which we market our production. The FERC has jurisdiction over the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce by natural gas companies under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (NGA) and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (NGPA). Various federal laws enacted since 1978 have resulted in the removal of all price and controls for sales of domestic natural gas sold in first sales, which include all of our sales of our own production. Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the FERC has substantial enforcement authority to prohibit the manipulation of natural gas markets and enforce its rules and orders, including the ability to assess substantial civil penalties of approximately $1.6 million per day for each violation and disgorgement of profits associated with any violation. While our production activities have not been regulated by the FERC as a natural gas company under the NGA, we are required to report the aggregate volume of natural gas purchased or sold at wholesale to the extent such transactions exceed a specific volume and use, contribute to or may contribute to the formation of price indices. In addition, Congress may enact legislation or the FERC may adopt regulations that may subject certain of our otherwise jurisdictional facilities to further regulation. Failure to comply with those regulations in the future could subject us to civil penalties. 19 Table of Contents The CFTC also holds authority to monitor certain segments of the physical, futures and other derivatives energy commodities markets, including natural gas, NGLs and oil. With regard to physical purchases and sales of natural gas and other energy commodities, and any related hedging activities that we undertake, we are required to observe manipulation and disruptive trading practices laws and related regulations enforced by the CFTC. The CFTC also holds substantial enforcement authority, including the ability to assess civil penalties. The FERC also regulates interstate natural gas transportation rates and service conditions and establishes the terms under which we may use interstate natural gas pipeline capacity, which affects the marketing of natural gas that we produce, as well as the revenues we receive for sales of natural gas and release of our natural gas pipeline capacity. Commencing in 1985, the FERC promulgated a series of orders, regulations and rule makings that significantly fostered competition in the business of transporting and marketing gas. Today, interstate pipeline companies are required to provide discriminatory transportation services to producers, marketers and other shippers, regardless of whether such shippers are affiliated with an interstate pipeline company. The FERC's initiatives have led to the development of a competitive, open access market for natural gas purchases and sales that permits all purchasers of natural gas to buy gas directly from sellers other than pipelines. However, the natural gas industry historically has been very heavily regulated; therefore, we cannot guarantee that the less stringent regulatory approach currently pursued by the FERC and Congress will continue indefinitely into the future nor can we determine what effect, if any, future regulatory changes might have on our natural gas production activities. Our operations are pursuant to tariffs approved by the FERC that establish rates (other than rate authority), cost recovery mechanisms and terms and conditions of service to customers. Generally, the FERC's authority extends to rates and charges for: our natural gas transmission and storage services; certification and construction of new interstate transmission and storage facilities; abandonment of interstate transmission and storage services and facilities; maintenance of accounts and records; relationships between pipelines and certain affiliates; terms and conditions of services and service contracts with customers; depreciation and amortization policies; acquisitions and dispositions of interstate transmission and storage facilities; and initiation and discontinuation of interstate transmission and storage services. Unless rates have been approved by the FERC, the maximum applicable recourse rates and terms and conditions for service are set forth in the pipeline's tariff. Generally, the maximum filed recourse rates for interstate pipelines are based on the cost of providing service, including the recovery of a return on the pipeline's actual and prudent historical investment costs. Key determinants in the ratemaking process include the depreciated capital costs of the facilities, the costs of providing service, the allowed rate of return and income tax allowance, as well as volume throughput and contractual capacity commitment assumptions. Interstate pipelines may not charge rates or impose terms and conditions of service that, upon review by the FERC, are found to be unjust or unreasonable, unduly discriminatory or preferential. Rate design and the allocation of costs also can affect a pipeline's profitability. While the ratemaking process establishes the maximum rate that can be charged, interstate pipelines, such as our transmission and storage system, are permitted to discount their firm and interruptible rates without further FERC authorization down to a specified minimum level, provided they do not unduly discriminate. In addition, pipelines are allowed to negotiate different rates with their customers, under certain circumstances. Changes to rates or terms and conditions of service, and contracts can be proposed by a pipeline company under Section 4 of the NGA, or the existing interstate transmission and storage rates, terms and conditions of service and/or contracts may be challenged by a complaint filed by interested persons including customers, state agencies or the FERC under Section 5 of the NGA. Rate increases proposed by a pipeline may be allowed to become effective subject to refund and/or a period of suspension, while rates or terms and conditions of service that are the subject of a complaint under Section 5 of the NGA are subject to prospective change by the FERC. Rate increases proposed by a regulated interstate pipeline may be challenged and such increases may ultimately be rejected by the FERC. Our interstate pipeline may also use negotiated rates that could involve rates above or below the recourse rate or rates that are subject to a different rate structure than the rates specified in our interstate pipeline tariffs, provided that the affected customers are willing to agree to such rates and that the FERC has approved the negotiated rate agreement. A prerequisite for allowing the negotiated rates is that negotiated rate customers must have had the option to take service under the pipeline's recourse rates. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 99% of our system's contracted firm transmission capacity was subscribed under negotiated rate agreements under its tariff. Some negotiated rate transactions are designed to fix the negotiated rate for the term of the firm transportation agreement and the fixed rate is generally not subject to adjustment for increased or decreased costs occurring during the contract term. 20 Table of Contents The FERC's regulations also extend to the terms and conditions set forth in agreements for transmission and storage services executed between interstate pipelines and their customers. These service agreements are required to conform, in all material respects, with the form of service agreements set forth in the pipeline's tariff. agreements must be filed with and accepted by the FERC. In the event that the FERC finds that an agreement is materially , in whole or in part, it could reject, or require us to seek modification of, the agreement, or alternatively require us to modify its tariff so that the provisions are generally available to all customers or class of customers. The FERC's jurisdiction also extends to the certification and construction of new interstate transmission and storage facilities, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, facility replacements and upgrades, expansions, and abandonment of facilities and services. Prior to commencing construction of new or existing interstate transmission and storage facilities, an interstate pipeline must obtain (except in certain circumstances, such as where the activity is permitted under the FERC's regulations or is authorized under the operator’s existing blanket certificate issued by the FERC) a certificate authorizing the construction, or file to amend its existing certificate, from the FERC. In April 2018, the FERC issued a Notice of Inquiry (2018 Notice of Inquiry) seeking information regarding whether, and if so how, it should revise its approach under its currently effective policy statement on the certification of new natural gas transportation facilities (Certificate Policy Statement). The formal comment period in this proceeding closed in June 2018. In February 2021, the FERC issued another Notice of Inquiry in the same proceeding that modified and expanded the inquiry and renewed its request for public comment (together with the 2018 Notice of Inquiry, the Certificate Policy Statement NOI). The formal comment period closed in May 2021. In February 2022, the FERC issued an Updated Certificate Policy Statement and an interim greenhouse gas (GHG) policy. In March 2022, the FERC issued an order suspending the effectiveness of the Updated Certificate Policy Statement and the interim GHG policy. In January 2025, the FERC terminated the interim GHG policy proceeding, stating that considerations are better considered on a basis in individual proceedings; the FERC has taken no further action to date on the Updated Certificate Policy Statement. There is a possibility that Congress could pass legislation revising the NGA or other statutes that may impact our existing facilities and operations or the ability to construct new facilities. Potential areas of revision include, but are not limited to, (i) amending Section 5 of the NGA to allow the FERC to require a pipeline to make refunds from the date that a NGA Section 5 complaint was filed with the FERC if rates are later found to be unjust and unreasonable; (ii) amending Section 7 of the NGA affecting the ability of companies to exercise eminent domain; and (iii) amending Section 19(b) of the NGA to provide the FERC additional time to act on requests for rehearing. Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from regulation by the FERC under the NGA. While the FERC does not generally regulate the rates and terms of service over facilities determined to be performing a natural gas gathering function, it has traditionally regulated rates charged by interstate pipelines for gathering services performed on the pipeline's own gathering facilities when those gathering services are performed in connection with jurisdictional interstate transmission services. We believe that our gathering systems meet the traditional tests the FERC has used to establish a pipeline's status as an exempt gatherer not subject to regulation as a jurisdictional natural gas company. However, the distinction between transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is often the subject of litigation in the industry, so the classification and regulation of these systems are subject to change based on future determinations by the FERC, the courts or Congress. Oil and NGLs Price Controls and Transportation Rates. Sales prices of oil and NGLs are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. Our sales of these commodities are, however, subject to laws and regulations issued by the FTC prohibiting manipulative or fraudulent conduct in the wholesale petroleum market. The FTC holds substantial enforcement authority under these regulations, including the ability to assess civil penalties of more than $1.5 million per day per violation. Our sales of these commodities, and any related hedging activities, are also subject to CFTC oversight and enforcement authority as discussed above. 21 Table of Contents The price we receive from the sale of our produced oil and NGLs may be affected by the cost of transporting such products to market. Some of our transportation of oil and NGLs is through interstate common carrier pipelines. Effective as of January 1, 1995, the FERC implemented regulations generally grandfathering all previously approved interstate transportation rates and establishing an indexing system for those rates by which adjustments are made annually based on the rate of inflation, subject to certain conditions and limitations. The FERC's regulation of oil and NGLs transportation rates may tend to increase the cost of transporting oil and NGLs by interstate pipelines, although the annual adjustments may result in decreased rates in a given year. Every five years, the FERC must examine the relationship between the annual change in the applicable index and the actual cost changes experienced in the oil pipeline industry. The FERC's index level for 2021 through 2026 went into effect on July 1, 2021. In January 2022, the FERC issued an order on rehearing, lowering the index level and directing oil pipelines to recompute their ceiling levels for July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 to ensure compliance with the new index level. In July 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit found that the FERC did not adhere to procedures in its January 2022 rehearing order. The court vacated the rehearing order. In October 2024, the FERC issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking, which would amend the initial index prospectively by adopting a revised index level for the remainder of the period that began on July 1, 2021. Environmental, Health and Safety Regulations. Our business operations are also subject to numerous stringent federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations pertaining to, among other things, the release, emission or discharge of materials into the environment; the generation, storage, transportation, handling and disposal of certain materials, including solid and hazardous wastes; the safety of employees and the general public; pollution; site remediation; and preservation or protection of human health and safety, natural resources, wildlife and the environment. We must take into account environmental, health and safety regulations in, among other things, planning, designing, constructing, operating and plugging and abandoning wells and related facilities. Violations of these laws can result in substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties. These laws and regulations may require us to acquire permits before drilling, constructing pipelines or other regulated activity commences; restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with our operations; govern the sourcing and disposal of water used in the drilling and completion process; limit or prohibit drilling activities or pipeline construction in certain areas and on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas or areas with endangered or threatened species restrictions; require some form of remedial action to prevent, remediate or mitigate pollution from operations, such as plugging abandoned wells or closing earthen pits; establish specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations or failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, these laws and regulations may restrict the rate of our production. Moreover, the trend has been for stricter regulation of activities that have the potential to affect the environment. Additional proposals and proceedings that affect the oil and natural gas industry are regularly considered by Congress, federal agencies, the states, local governments and the courts. We cannot predict when or whether any such proposals may become effective. Therefore, we are unable to predict the future costs or impact of compliance. The regulatory burden on the industry increases the cost of doing business and affects profitability. We have established procedures, however, for the ongoing evaluation of our operations to identify potential environmental exposures and to track compliance with regulatory policies and procedures. The following is a summary of the more significant environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, as amended from time to time, to which our business operations are subject and for which compliance may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, earnings or cash flows. Hazardous Substances and Waste Handling. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), also known as the "Superfund" law, and comparable state 

[truncated]