consolidated income. The impact of changes in interest rates on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and costs, and on our debt, is discussed further in Part I, "Item 7 - Critical Accounting Estimates," and Part II, "Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk", respectively, of this report. We monitor and manage foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate exposures, and use derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial condition and results of operations; however, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or effectively hedged, and may have a material adverse effect on us. Our business requires significant capital and other investments; if we do not accurately forecast our future investment needs, we could be materially adversely affected. Our business requires significant capital investments, including in aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities and sortation and other equipment. In addition to forecasting our capital investment requirements, we adjust other elements of our operations and cost structure in response to economic and regulatory conditions. These investments support both our existing business and anticipated growth. Forecasting amounts, types and timing of investments involves many factors which are subject to uncertainty and may be beyond our control, such as technological changes, general economic trends, revenues, profitability, changes in governmental regulation and competition. If we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could under- or , or have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, any of which could negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 13 Employee health and retiree health and pension benefit costs represent a significant expense to us; further cost increases could materially adversely affect us. Our employee health, retiree health and pension benefit expenses are significant. In recent years, we have experienced increases in some of these costs, in particular, increases in healthcare costs in excess of the rate of inflation and discount rates that we use to value our defined benefit plan obligations. Increasing healthcare costs, volatility in investment returns and discount rates, as well as changes in laws, regulations and assumptions used to calculate retiree health and pension benefit expenses, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations, and have required, and may in the future require significant contributions to our benefit plans. Our national master agreement with the Teamsters includes provisions that are designed to mitigate certain healthcare expenses, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that these efforts will not materially adversely affect us. We participate in various multiemployer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. As part of the overall collective bargaining process for wage and benefit levels, we have agreed to contribute certain amounts to the multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period. The multiemployer benefit plans set benefit levels and are responsible for benefit delivery to participants. Future contribution amounts to multiemployer benefit plans will be determined through collective bargaining. However, in future collective bargaining negotiations, we could agree to make significantly higher future contributions to one or more of these plans. At this time, we are unable to determine the amount of additional future contributions, if any, or whether any material adverse effect on us could result from our participation in these plans. Insurance and claims expense could materially adversely affect us. We have a combination of both and insurance programs for the risks arising out of our business and operations, including claims exposure resulting from cargo loss, , personal injury, property damage, aircraft and related liabilities, business interruption and workers' compensation. workers' compensation, automobile and general liabilities are determined using actuarial estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and an estimate of incurred but not reported claims, on an undiscounted basis. Our accruals for insurance reserves reflect certain actuarial assumptions and management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. If the number, severity or cost of claims for which we retain risk continues to increase, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If we lose our ability to, or decide not to, these risks, our insurance cost could materially increase and we may find it difficult to obtain adequate levels of insurance coverage. Changes in markets and our business plans have resulted, and may in the future result, in substantial impairments of the carrying value of our assets, thereby reducing our net income. We regularly assess the carrying values of our assets relative to their estimated fair values. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds its estimated fair value, we may be required to incur charges to reduce the carrying value thereof. The determination of fair value is dependent on a significant number of estimates and assumptions that could be impacted by a variety of factors, including changes in business strategy, revenue, expenses, government regulations, including regulation related to climate change, costs of capital and economic or market conditions. The use of different estimates or assumptions could also result in different estimates of fair value. Our estimates of fair value have resulted from time to time, and may in the future result, in substantial impairments of our assets. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2023, as a result of a number of factors including changes in business strategy and challenging macroeconomic conditions such as increases in the interest rate and volatility of the stock prices of market comparables, we incurred impairment charges of $125 and $111 million in respect of goodwill and intangible assets, respectively. While we did not identify any impairment of goodwill during 2024, certain of our reporting units experienced a decrease in the excess of their estimated fair values over their respective carrying values. Additional decreases could result in goodwill or other impairment charges, which could be material. We have been and may be required in the future to recognize impairments of assets, including intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and leases. Furthermore, we have been and may be required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine the useful lives or salvage values of our assets are less than we originally estimated. Changes in our business plans, including anticipated changes to our network in 2025, have previously and may in the future lead to revisions in our estimates of useful lives or salvage values of our assets. Such charges have in the past, and may in the future, reduce our net income, potentially materially. We may have significant additional tax liabilities that could materially adversely affect us. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 14 We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in many jurisdictions. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. In addition, changes in U.S. federal and state or international tax laws, other fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries, and changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions may materially adversely impact our tax expense and cash flows. Regulatory and Legal Risks Increasingly complex and stringent laws, regulations and policies could materially increase our operating costs. We are subject to complex and stringent aviation, transportation, environmental, security, labor, employment, safety, privacy, disclosure and data protection and other governmental laws, regulations and policies, both in the U.S. and internationally. In addition, we are impacted by laws, regulations and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, embargoes, sanctions, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. Trade discussions and arrangements between the U.S. and various of its trading partners are fluid, and existing and future trade agreements are, and are expected to continue to be, subject to a number of uncertainties, including the imposition of new tariffs or adjustments and changes to the products covered by existing tariffs. The impact of new laws, regulations and policies or decisions or interpretations by authorities applying those laws and regulations, cannot be predicted. Compliance with any new laws, regulations or policies may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies in the U.S. or other countries could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could materially adversely affect us. For example, as previously disclosed, the SEC recently investigated our controls and practices surrounding impairment analyses in connection with the divestiture of UPS Freight in April 2021. On November 22, 2024, we entered into a settlement with the SEC, without admitting or denying the SEC’s findings in connection with alleged violations of Section 17(a)(2) and (3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (and related provisions), resolving the investigation. Under the terms of the settlement, we agreed to pay a civil penalty, and agreed to remedial actions, training and process changes. Increasingly stringent regulations related to climate change, including reporting obligations, could materially increase our operating costs. Regulation and required disclosures of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions and related matters exposes us to potentially significant new taxes, fees, disclosure and compliance obligations and other costs. Compliance with such regulation, and any increased or additional regulation, or the associated costs is further complicated by the fact that various countries and regions may adopt different approaches to climate change regulation and disclosures. In the U.S., Congress has considered but, to date, not passed various bills that would regulate GHG emissions. Nevertheless, we believe some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. Even in the absence of such legislation, the Environmental Protection Agency could determine to regulate GHG emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, and this could impose substantial costs on us. International regulations also continue to increase and could materially increase our operating costs. For example, the ReFuelEU Aviation initiative, a European regulation, mandates jet fuel suppliers in Europe supply a target percentage of sustainable aviation fuel (“SAF”) at airports inside the European Union. The SAF target percentage starts at 2% in 2025 and increases to 70% by 2050. The cost of SAF can be higher than conventional jet fuel, and these suppliers can pass this cost along to purchasers, which can increase our operating costs, potentially significantly. In addition, the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation ("CORSIA"), a global, emissions offset program to encourage growth began a voluntary pilot phase in 2021, with mandatory participation scheduled to begin in 2027. Details regarding implementation of CORSIA continue to develop, and compliance may increase our operating costs, potentially significantly. In addition, in January 2025, the President of the U.S. signed an executive order indicating that the U.S. would withdraw from the Paris Climate Accords. The effect that the withdrawal may have on future U.S. policy regarding GHG emissions, on CORSIA and on other GHG regulation remains uncertain. The extent to which other countries implement those accords could also have a material adverse effect on us. Increased regulation relating to GHG emissions in the U.S. or abroad, especially aircraft, gasoline or diesel engine emissions, could, among other things, increase the cost of fuel and other energy we purchase and the capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. We cannot predict the impact any future regulation will have on our cost structure or our operating results. It is likely that such regulation could significantly increase our operating costs and 15 that we may not be willing or able to pass such costs along to our customers. Moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air services. Furthermore, many countries, as well as U.S. states, in which we operate or are subject to regulation have adopted, or are expected to adopt, additional requirements relating to the disclosure of GHG emissions and related matters. In many cases these requirements differ and may conflict from country to country. Compliance with these disclosure requirements may increase our operating costs or require significant management time and attention. Any failure to comply with applicable disclosure regulations in the U.S. (at either the federal or state level) or other countries could result in substantial fines or other penalties, which could materially adversely affect us. We may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures which may materially adversely affect us. The nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters. Any material litigation or a catastrophic accident or series of accidents could result in significant expenditures and have a material adverse effect on us. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Information About Our Executive Officers For information about our executive officers, see Part III, "Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance". 16 Item 1C. Cybersecurity The Board regularly discusses our most significant risks and how these risks are being managed. The Board has appointed a Risk Committee , consisting entirely of independent directors, whose responsibilities include assisting the Board in overseeing management’s identification and evaluation of strategic enterprise risks, including risks associated with privacy, technology, information security, cybersecurity and cyber incident response and business continuity. The Risk Committee regularly updates the Board on these activities. The Risk Committee oversees the Company’s approach to cybersecurity risk assessment and mitigation by, among other things, (i) reviewing the Company’s cybersecurity insurance program, (ii) reviewing the Company’s cybersecurity budget, (iii) discussing the results of various internal cybersecurity audits and periodic independent assessments of the Company’s cybersecurity programs, (iv) being briefed on cybersecurity matters by outside experts, and (v) receiving regular updates from the Company’s Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) and others on cybersecurity risks, operational metrics, compliance and regulatory developments, training programs, risk mitigation activities, key projects and industry developments. The Company's Chief Legal and Compliance Officer ("CLCO"), Chief Digital and Technology Officer ("CDTO"), CISO and Vice President of Compliance and Internal Audit participate in Risk Committee meetings and meet individually with the Risk Committee on a periodic basis to discuss and address relevant matters, including the Company’s approach to cybersecurity risk assessment and mitigation. The CISO reports to the CDTO, who in turn reports to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). The CISO has more than thirty years of IT experience, has served many years in various information security management roles and has multiple cybersecurity certifications. The Company maintains an enterprise risk management process designed to identify potential events that may affect the achievement of the Company's objectives or have a material adverse effect on the Company. Cybersecurity is among the risks considered as a part of this process. The Company's management, including the CISO, also participates on the Company's Information Security & Privacy Governance Council (“ISPGC”). The ISPGC meets periodically to consider information security and privacy matters. The Company utilizes various technical and qualitative processes to assist in identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity risks. The Company's processes include periodic discussions and risk reviews with management. These processes also include, depending on facts and circumstances, internal audits, assessments, reviews, engagements with independent service providers and key governmental agencies, regular employee training, an incident response plan and backup and recovery plans. Our periodic engagements with independent service providers are designed to provide qualitative and technical cybersecurity assessments. The Company has a cybersecurity team, led by the CISO, that, among other responsibilities, receives and reviews reports regarding potential threats, trends and remediation strategies. The cybersecurity team evaluates threat intelligence and information obtained from various sources, including internal, public or private sources, government agencies and external consultants. Certain of the Company's subsidiaries have separate cybersecurity teams that, along with the cybersecurity team, play a role in the Company's efforts to monitor, identify, assess and manage cybersecurity risks. The Company interacts with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business. We consider and evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with the use of independent service providers. To help UPS understand and mitigate potential cybersecurity risks related to third parties, we generally utilize measures such as vendor risk assessments, periodic technical assessments of vendors' controls and contracts governing the use of and access to our data and compliance with our security requirements. We maintain an Incident Response Plan that includes processes and procedures for reviewing and responding to cybersecurity incidents. We periodically test our readiness to respond to a cybersecurity incident through various drills. The Incident Response Plan includes processes for escalation to the CISO, the Executive Leadership Team, including the CEO, the Risk Committee and the Board, and a process for consideration of whether a cybersecurity incident is material and may require disclosure in SEC filings. For additional information on cybersecurity risks and the impact they may have on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition see "Risk Factors – Business and Operating Risks – A significant cybersecurity incident, or increased data protection regulations, could materially adversely affect us". 17 Item 2. Properties Operating Facilities We own our corporate headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia and our information technology headquarters, located in Parsippany, New Jersey. Our primary information technology operations are consolidated in an owned facility in New Jersey. We own or lease approximately 1,000 package facilities in the U.S., with approximately 90 million square feet of floor space. These facilities have vehicles and drivers stationed for the pickup and delivery of packages, and capacity to sort and transfer packages. Our larger facilities also service our vehicles and equipment, and employ specialized mechanical equipment for the sorting and handling of packages. We own or lease approximately 800 facilities in our international package operations, with approximately 22 million square feet of floor space. Our aircraft are operated in a hub and spoke pattern in the U.S., with our principal air hub, Worldport, located in Louisville, Kentucky. Our major air hub in Europe is located in Germany, and in Asia we operate multiple major air hubs in China and Hong Kong. We own or lease more than 600 facilities, with approximately 47 million square feet of floor space, which support our freight forwarding and logistics operations. This includes approximately 16 million square feet of warehousing. We own and operate a logistics campus consisting of approximately 4 million square feet in Louisville, Kentucky. We also own a number of ancillary properties that support our global operations. Fleet Aircraft The following table shows information about our aircraft fleet as of December 31, 2024: Description UPS Owned and/or Operated Charters & Leases Operated by Others On Order Under Option Boeing 757-200 75 — — — Boeing 767-300 82 — 25 — Boeing 767-300BCF 6 — — — Boeing 767-300BDSF 4 — — — Airbus A300-600 52 — — — Boeing 29 — — — Boeing 747-400F 11 — — — Boeing 747-400BCF 2 — — — Boeing 747-8F 30 — — — Other — 243 — — Total 291 243 25 — Vehicles As of December 31, 2024, we operated a global ground fleet of approximately 128,000 package cars, vans, tractors and motorcycles, including approximately 19,000 alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicles. Item 3. Legal Proceedings See note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements for a discussion of judicial proceedings and other matters arising from the conduct of our business activities. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 18 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our class A common stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or traded in an organized market, but each share of our class A common stock is convertible into one share of our class B common stock. Our class B common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “UPS”. As of February 3, 2025, there were 155,418 and 19,626 shareowners of record of our class A and class B common stock, respectively. Our practice has been to pay dividends on a quarterly basis. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, including our net income, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other relevant factors. On February 5, 2025, our Board declared a dividend of $1.64 per share, which is payable on March 6, 2025 to shareowners of record on February 18, 2025. In January 2023, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase authorization for $5.0 billion of class A and class B common stock. We did not repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter of 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we repurchased 3.9 million shares of class B common stock for $500 million under this authorization. On February 3, 2025, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement for $1.0 billion worth of shares. This agreement is expected to settle in the first quarter of 2025. We do not anticipate further share repurchases in 2025. As of December 31, 2024, we had $2.3 billion available under our share repurchase authorization. For additional information on our share repurchase activities, see note 12 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. 19 Shareowner Return Performance Graph The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference into such filing. The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total shareowners’ returns for our class B common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the Dow Jones Transportation Average. The comparison of the total cumulative return on investment, which is the change in the stock price plus reinvested dividends for each of the quarterly periods, assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2019 in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, the Dow Jones Transportation Average and our class B common stock. 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 12/31/2024 United Parcel Service, Inc. $ 100.00 $ 147.28 $ 193.56 $ 162.33 $ 152.66 $ 127.43 Standard & Poor’s 500 Index $ 100.00 $ 118.39 $ 152.34 $ 124.73 $ 128.09 $ 160.11 Dow Jones Transportation Average $ 100.00 $ 118.18 $ 152.83 $ 131.11 $ 146.74 $ 152.33 For information regarding our equity compensation plans, see Item 12 of this report. 20 Item 6. [Reserved] 21 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview We are executing our Customer First, People Led and Innovation Driven strategy to grow in the most attractive parts of the market including healthcare, small and businesses (“SMBs”) and International. During 2024, we took several steps in furtherance of our strategy. We continued to focus on providing excellent service to our customers, delivering performance during 2024. Our Digital Access Program grew year over year, contributing to our consolidated volume growth and continued expansion within the United States ("U.S.") SMB market. Also in 2024, we executed on our Network of the Future initiatives, which are intended to enhance the efficiency of our network through automation and operational sort consolidation. For example, we are moving from a scanning to a sensing network through our Smart Package Smart Facility RFID initiative, which is helping us reduce manual scans and enhance package visibility for our customers. Additionally, we completed the onboarding of air cargo volumes from the United States Postal Service ("USPS"). Under our agreement with the USPS, UPS is the primary air cargo provider for the USPS within the United States. Within our international and healthcare operations, we expect to grow both organically and inorganically, having previously announced that we entered into agreements to acquire Estafeta, a leading domestic small package provider in Mexico, and , an , complex healthcare logistics provider based in Germany. The acquisitions of and related entities were completed during January 2025, and the acquisition of Estafeta is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to customary regulatory reviews and approvals. In September 2024, we finalized the previously announced divestiture of our truckload brokerage business ("Coyote"). Effective January 1, 2025, we insourced the delivery of all SurePost volume, which we expect to result in additional deliveries within our network. We made this change in order to have greater operational control and maintain the service quality of this product. Also in January 2025, we implemented a 9.9% average rate increase on this product. In the first quarter of 2025, as previously disclosed, we entered into an agreement in principle with our largest customer to significantly reduce the volume we deliver for them. We expect volume from this customer to decline to approximately 50% of 2024 levels by . We are making a deliberate shift in our business to increase our focus on growing higher yielding volume. We expect that these actions will result in a reduction in revenue within our U.S. Domestic Package segment, as described below, during 2025 relative to 2024. In conjunction therewith, as disclosed on January 30, 2025, we are beginning a network reconfiguration within the U.S. which is expected to lead to consolidations of our facilities and workforce as well as an process redesign through 2027. This network reconfiguration, which is an expansion of our Network of the Future program, is expected to result in exit activities that could result in the closure of up to 10% of our buildings in 2025, a reduction in the size of our vehicle and aircraft fleets, and a decrease in the size of our workforce, which we expect will lead to additional expense. We are not yet able to determine the specific assets or extent of our workforce that will be impacted by this network reconfiguration, the timing of those changes or any associated charges and expenses and therefore are not currently able to provide an estimate of the total cost or the cost by period. We expect that impacted assets will remain in use during some or all of the periods of our network reconfiguration. We expect to partially offset the anticipated costs associated with this network reconfiguration through our Efficiency Reimagined initiatives. Efficiency Reimagined initiatives are an process redesign being undertaken to align our organizational processes to the network reconfiguration. These initiatives are expected to yield approximately $1.0 billion in annualized savings, which we expect to begin realizing during 2025. We incurred related costs of $35 million for the three months ended December 31, 2024. We expect to incur related costs of approximately $300 to $400 million during 2025 and incremental costs in 2026 and 2027 to complete Efficiency Reimagined , primarily relating to outside professional service fees and severance costs. We have two reportable segments: U.S. Domestic Package and International Package, which are together referred to as our global small package operations. Our remaining businesses are reported as Supply Chain Solutions. As of the fourth quarter of 2024 based on a change in our management reporting structure, U.S. Air Cargo is presented within our U.S. Domestic Package segment and prior periods have been recast. This recast did not have any impact on previously reported consolidated results. We experienced volume and revenue growth in our global small package operations during the year, primarily the result of a strong second half of 2024. Within our U.S. Domestic Package operations, we captured growth through additional e- 22 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS commerce customers and SMBs that leveraged our Digital Access Program. In our International Package operations, we experienced average daily volume growth in our export products, which drove a revenue increase. In Supply Chain Solutions, revenue decreased for the year, driven by the impact of the divestiture of Coyote, partially offset by revenue growth in our other Supply Chain Solutions businesses. This growth was primarily due to the impact of the acquisition of MNX Global Logistics in the fourth quarter of 2023 and revenue growth in our freight forwarding business driven by continued strong market demand out of Asia. During the year, we continued to execute on various initiatives under our previously announced transformation strategy programs, Transformation 2.0 and Fit to Serve, which are contributing to fundamental changes to our technologies and organizational structure. We realized benefits from our Fit to Serve initiative during the year, which helped offset declines in operating profit. For additional information on these programs and the benefits, see “Supplemental Information - Items Affecting Comparability". During 2024, we also returned cash to shareholders in the form of dividends of $6.52 per share, for a total of $5.4 billion, and $500 million of share repurchases. For the year, capital expenditures were $3.9 billion. 23 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Highlights of our results for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, which are discussed in more detail in the sections that follow, include (dollars in millions, except per share and per piece amounts): Year Ended December 31, Change 2024 2023 $ % Revenue $ 91,070 $ 90,958 $ 112 0.1 % Operating Expenses 82,602 81,817 785 1.0 % Operating Profit $ 8,468 $ 9,141 $ (673) (7.4) % Operating Margin 9.3 % 10.0 % Net Income $ 5,782 $ 6,708 $ (926) (13.8) % Basic Earnings Per Share $ 6.76 $ 7.81 $ (1.05) (13.4) % Diluted Earnings Per Share $ 6.75 $ 7.80 $ (1.05) (13.5) % Operating Days 253 254 Average Daily Package Volume (in thousands) 22,418 22,290 0.6 % Average Revenue Per Piece $ 13.60 $ 13.62 $ (0.02) (0.1) % • Average daily package volume in our global small package operations increased for the year primarily in our U.S. Domestic Package segment due to growth in our SurePost product, with those increases partially offset by the impact of planned volume reductions from our largest customer under the terms of our contract with them. Within our International package segment, challenging macroeconomic conditions led to a slight volume decline. • Revenue was relatively flat for the year. Within our U.S. Domestic Package segment, revenue growth was attributable to air cargo and overall volume growth, but was largely offset by unfavorable shifts in product mix and declines in fuel surcharge revenue. In our International Package segment, revenue benefited from growth in our export products and increases in revenue per piece for our domestic products. Revenue in our Supply Chain Solutions businesses declined primarily as a result of the September 2024 divestiture of Coyote, with the decline partially offset by growth in Logistics and our other businesses. • Operating expenses increased for the year, primarily due to increased compensation expense in our U.S. Domestic Package segment as a result of higher wage rates paid to our Teamster employees. These increases were partially offset by decreases in the costs of operating our integrated air and ground network, benefits from our Fit to Serve initiative, as well as a gain related to the divestiture of Coyote. • Operating profit and operating margin decreased for the year as revenue increases only partly offset the operating expense increases. • Net income was $5.8 billion and diluted earnings per share were $6.75 for the year. adjusted diluted earnings per share were $7.72 for the year after adjusting for the impacts of: ◦ a gain on the divestiture of Coyote of $152 million or $0.18 per diluted share; ◦ a payment, including interest, to settle a international regulatory matter of $94 million, or $0.11 per diluted share; ◦ asset impairment charges of $81 million, or $0.09 per diluted share; ◦ total transformation strategy costs of $245 million, or $0.29 per diluted share; ◦ a charge related to a regulatory matter unrelated to our ongoing operations of $45 million, or $0.05 per diluted share; ◦ an expense to withdraw from a multiemployer pension plan of $14 million, or $0.02 per diluted share; and ◦ defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plan loss outside of a 10% corridor of $506 million, or $0.59 per diluted share. For additional operational results for the quarter and periods specific to our segments: U.S. Domestic Package, International Package and Supply Chain Solutions refer to the respective segment discussions below. 24 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 2023 compared to 2022 See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2024. 25 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Supplemental Information - Items Affecting Comparability We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") with certain adjusted financial measures. adjusted financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our adjusted financial measures do not represent a comprehensive basis of accounting and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. adjusted amounts reflect the following (in millions): Year Ended December 31, Adjustments 2024 2023 Operating Expenses: Transformation Strategy Costs: Transformation 1.0 $ — $ 13 Transformation 2.0 Spans and Layers — 86 Business Portfolio Review 29 84 Financial Systems 54 36 Other Initiatives — 4 Transformation 2.0 Total 83 210 Fit to Serve 204 212 Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined 35 — Total Transformation Strategy Costs 322 435 Gain on Divestiture of Coyote (156) — Payment for International Regulatory Matter 88 — Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges 108 236 Compensation Payment — 61 Expense for Regulatory Matter 45 — Multiemployer Pension Plan Withdrawal Expense 19 — Total Adjustments to Operating Expenses $ 426 $ 732 26 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Other Income and (Expense): Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Medical Plan Loss $ 665 $ 359 Interest Expense Associated with Payment for International Regulatory Matter 6 — Total Adjustments to Other Income and (Expense) $ 671 $ 359 Total Adjustments to Income Before Income Taxes $ 1,097 $ 1,091 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense: Transformation Strategy Costs: Transformation 1.0 $ — $ 3 Transformation 2.0 Spans and Layers — 21 Business Portfolio Review 7 15 Financial Systems 13 10 Other Initiatives — 1 Transformation 2.0 Total 20 47 Fit to Serve 49 52 Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined 8 — Total Transformation Strategy Costs 77 102 Gain on Divestiture of Coyote (4) — Payment for International Regulatory Matter — — Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges 27 43 Compensation Payment — 15 Expense for Regulatory Matter — — Multiemployer Pension Plan Withdrawal Expense 5 — Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Medical Plan Loss 159 85 Total Adjustments to Income Tax Expense $ 264 $ 245 Total Adjustments to Net Income $ 833 $ 846 The income tax impacts of these items are calculated by multiplying the statutory tax rates applicable in each tax jurisdiction, including the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various U.S. state and .S. jurisdictions, by the adjustments. The blended average effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were 24.1% and 22.5%, respectively. 27 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We supplement the presentation of operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with measures that exclude the impact of the following items: Transformation Strategy Costs We exclude the impact of charges related to activities within our transformation strategy. Our transformation activities have spanned several years to fundamentally change the spans and layers of our organization structure, processes, technologies and the composition of our business portfolio. While earlier stages of these transformation activities were complete in 2023 (Transformation 1.0), certain systems implementations and portfolio review activities (Transformation 2.0) are ongoing and expected to continue through 2025. We previously announced initiatives under Fit to Serve to our business which resulted in a workforce reduction of approximately 14,000 positions, primarily within management, throughout 2024 and contributed to a more efficient operating model and enhanced responsiveness to changing market dynamics. Various circumstances precipitated these initiatives, including identification and prioritization of investments as a result of executive leadership changes, developments and changes in competitive landscapes, inflationary pressures, consumer behaviors, and other factors including normalization and volume diversions attributed to our 2023 labor negotiations. Our transformation strategy has included the following programs and initiatives: Transformation 1.0: In the first quarter of 2018, we announced and began implementation of a , program contemplating a reduction in management personnel, investments impacting global direct and indirect operating costs, and changes in processes and technology, which were undertaken and completed as multiple discrete initiatives (such projects, collectively, “Transformation 1.0”). In 2018, we announced that we expected to achieve approximately $1.0 billion in savings, which would benefit earnings, from Transformation 1.0. On a cumulative basis and net of amounts reinvested into the business, we had substantially achieved the expected benefits associated with Transformation 1.0 as of the second quarter of 2020. Transformation 1.0 was completed in 2023. Transformation 2.0: Based on a number of factors including evaluating efficiencies gained as a part of Transformation 1.0, and in connection with changes in our executive leadership in 2020, we identified and reprioritized certain and future investments, including additional investments in our workforce, portfolio of businesses and technology (such projects, collectively, “Transformation 2.0”). Specifically, we identified opportunities to reduce spans and layers of management, began a review of our business portfolio and identified opportunities to invest in certain technologies, including financial reporting and certain schedule, time and pay systems, to reduce global indirect operating costs, provide better visibility, and reduce reliance on legacy systems and coding languages. Our organizational structure review indicated an opportunity to realize initial savings of approximately $400 million with potential opportunities to save up to an additional $240 million through the reduction of spans and layers of management with an anticipation that these savings would be recurring. The business portfolio review was expanded in 2022. As a result, we determined to exit certain businesses that were not aligned with our corporate strategy and determined to make new investments into certain businesses, including businesses, better aligned to our strategic targets. In connection therewith, we incurred costs primarily consisting of outside professional fees related to these reviews and other costs associated with these transactions. Lastly, our review of our systems and technologies identified certain areas of our business that were reliant on outdated technologies. Our reviews determined that continued use of these legacy technologies would likely increase maintenance costs and that investments into new technologies would enhance our ability to leverage our data and allow us to establish a more flexible system architecture. As of December 31, 2023, we substantially completed our initiatives to reduce spans and layers of management and achieved savings in line with our anticipated benefits. Our ongoing efforts under Transformation 2.0 include initiatives related to our financial systems and our business portfolio review. As of December 31, 2024, we have incurred $798 million of costs as part of Transformation 2.0. Transformation 2.0 initiatives are expected to conclude during 2025 with anticipated remaining costs of approximately $90 million primarily related to completion of our technology initiatives. Costs associated with Transformation 2.0 have primarily consisted of compensation and benefit costs related to reductions in our workforce and fees paid to consultants. Additional detail relating to the projects, initiatives and timing of costs as a part of Transformation 2.0 are contained in the table above. Investments in technology are expected to provide enhanced quality of reporting for both internal and external purposes in part through simplification and standardization of data to better enable migration into tools and automation of manual activities, including transitioning general ledger, consolidation, and planning tools along with U.S. payroll from older programs and software supporting our freight forwarding business. These efforts to enhance our technology are expected to reduce the need for future investments; we expect to begin to realize benefits therefrom in 2025. Investments in our business portfolio review are expected to lead to better alignment of our businesses in support of our corporate strategy. We are realigning businesses within Supply Chain Solutions to better execute our strategy; the operational performance of these businesses is included in our GAAP and adjusted results. 28 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Fit to Serve: In 2023, a number of factors, including macroeconomic headwinds and volume diversion resulting from our labor negotiations with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, contributed to volume declines in our U.S. Domestic Package business. In addition, our International Package and Supply Chain Solutions businesses were also negatively impacted by a number of challenging macroeconomic conditions during 2023. In response to these factors, we began to undertake our Fit to Serve initiative with the intent to our business to create a more efficient operating model that was more responsive to market dynamics through a workforce reduction of approximately 14,000 positions, primarily within management, throughout 2024. We have incurred total costs of $416 million under Fit to Serve, which primarily consist of benefit costs related to reductions in our workforce. We expect to complete this initiative during 2025 with expected remaining costs of approximately $45 million. We achieved savings of approximately $1.0 billion in 2024 through reductions in our compensation and benefit expense. Network Reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined : On January 30, 2025, in connection with our agreement in principle with our largest customer, we announced a network reconfiguration which is expected to lead to consolidations of our facilities and workforce as well as process redesign from 2025 through 2027. Our network reconfiguration is expected to result in exit activities that could result in the closure of up to 10% of our buildings in 2025, a reduction in the size of our vehicle and aircraft fleets, and a decrease in the size of our workforce. The costs directly associated with these exit activities are in addition to operational costs that we may incur. We are not yet able to determine the specific assets or extent of our workforce that will be impacted by our network redesign, the timing of those future changes or the associated charges we will incur and therefore are not currently able to provide an estimate of the total cost or the cost by period. We expect that impacted assets will remain in use during some or all of the periods of our network reconfiguration. We expect to partially offset costs to complete our network reconfiguration through process redesign carried out during our network reconfiguration through our Efficiency Reimagined initiatives. These initiatives are being undertaken to align our organizational processes to the operational changes expected to occur in our network reconfiguration and drive organizational efficiency. These initiatives are expected to yield approximately $1.0 billion in annualized savings beginning in 2025. We incurred related costs of $35 million in the year ended December 31, 2024. We expect to incur related costs of approximately $300 to $400 million during 2025, and incremental costs in 2026 and 2027, to complete the program which will primarily consist of outside professional services and severance costs. Upon the completion of our network reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined initiatives, we expect to realize further benefits in subsequent periods from lower expense, including depreciation, compensation and benefits, as well as lower capital requirements. We do not consider the related costs to be ordinary because each program involves separate and distinct activities that may span multiple periods and are not expected to drive incremental revenue, and because the scope of the programs exceeds that of routine, ongoing efforts to enhance profitability. These initiatives are in addition to ordinary, ongoing efforts to enhance our business performance. For more information regarding transformation strategy activities, see note 18 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. Gain on Divestiture of Coyote In the third quarter of 2024, we completed the previously announced divestiture of Coyote. In connection therewith, we recorded a gain of $156 million ($152 million after tax) during the year ended December 31, 2024. The gain was recognized within Other expenses in the statements of consolidated income. We supplement the presentation of operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with measures that exclude the impact of this gain as it is not a component of our ongoing operations and is not expected to recur. For more information regarding the gain on divestiture of Coyote, see note 8 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. Payment for International Regulatory Matter In the second quarter of 2024, we made a payment of $94 million of previously restricted cash to settle a challenge by Italian tax authorities to the deductibility of Value Added Tax payments by UPS to certain service providers. We supplement the presentation of operating profit, operating margin, interest expense, total other income and (expense), income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with measures that exclude the impact of this payment. We do not believe this is a component of our ongoing operations and we do not expect this or similar payments to recur. 29 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges We exclude the impact of goodwill and asset impairment charges which we do not consider when evaluating the operating performance of our business units, making decisions to allocate resources or in determining incentive compensation awards. For more information regarding goodwill and current year asset impairment charges, see note 7 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. Compensation Payment We exclude the impact of a payment made to certain U.S.-based, supervisors following the ratification of our labor agreement with the Teamsters in 2023. We do not expect this or similar payments to recur. Expense for Regulatory Matter We exclude the impact of a charge to settle a regulatory matter that we consider to be unrelated to our ongoing operations and that we do not expect to recur. For more information regarding this regulatory matter, see note 10 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. Multiemployer Pension Plan Withdrawal Expense We exclude the impact of a charge related to the withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan within the United States. We do not consider this expense to be related to our ongoing operations. For more information regarding our multiemployer pension plans, see note 6 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Medical Plan Gains and Losses We incur certain expenses associated with pension and postretirement medical benefits. These pension and postretirement medical benefits costs for defined benefit plans are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies, including discount rates, expected returns on plan assets, healthcare cost trend rates, inflation, compensation increase rates, mortality rates and coordination of benefits with plans not sponsored by UPS. Actuarial assumptions are reviewed on an annual basis, unless circumstances require an interim remeasurement of any of our plans. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10% corridor (defined as 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation), as well as gains and losses resulting from plan curtailments and settlements, for our defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans immediately as part of Investment income (expense) and other in the statements of consolidated income. We supplement the presentation of our income before income taxes, net income and earnings per share with adjusted measures that exclude the impact of these gains and losses and the related income tax effects. We believe excluding these defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan gains and losses provides important supplemental information by removing the volatility associated with plan amendments and changes in market interest rates, equity values and similar factors. 30 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The remeasurement of our defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans' assets and liabilities resulted in losses of $0.7 and $0.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The table below shows the amounts associated with each component of the loss, as well as the actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic benefit cost, for each year: Year Ended December 31, Components of defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan loss (gain) (in millions): 2024 2023 Discount rates $ (127) $ 384 Return on assets 672 (37) Demographic and other assumption changes 120 4 Total loss 665 351 Curtailment and settlement loss — 8 Total defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plan loss $ 665 $ 359 Year Ended December 31, actuarial assumptions: 2024 2023 Expected rate of return on plan assets used in determining net periodic benefit cost 7.06 % 6.99 % Actual rate of return on plan assets (1.29) % 6.64 % Discount rate used in determining net periodic benefit cost 5.40 % 5.77 % Discount rate at measurement date 5.85 % 5.40 % defined benefit plan gains and losses for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 2024 - $0.7 billion defined benefit plan loss: • Discount Rates ($127 million gain): The discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans increased from 5.40% as of December 31, 2023 to 5.85% as of December 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in treasury yields on corporate bonds. • Return on Assets ($672 million loss): The actual rate of return on plan assets in our U.S. pension plans was lower than our expected rate of return, primarily due to weaker than expected bond market performance. • Demographic and Other Assumption Changes ($120 million loss): This loss was due to differences between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including healthcare cost trends, compensation rate increases and rates of termination, retirement and mortality. 2023 - $0.4 billion defined benefit plan loss: • Discount Rates ($384 million loss): The discount rate for our pension and postretirement medical plans decreased from 5.77% as of December 31, 2022 to 5.40% as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in credit spreads on corporate bonds in 2023. • Return on Assets ($37 million gain): The actual rate of return on plan assets in certain of our pension plans was higher than our expected rate of return, primarily due to strong global equity market performance. • Demographic and Other Assumption Changes ($4 million loss): This loss was due to differences between actual and estimated participant data and demographic factors, including healthcare cost trends, compensation rate increases and rates of termination, retirement and mortality. 31 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Adjusted Cost per Piece We evaluate the efficiency of our operations using various metrics, including adjusted cost per piece. adjusted cost per piece is calculated as adjusted operating expenses in a period divided by total volume for that period. Because adjusted operating expenses exclude costs or charges that we do not consider a part of underlying business performance when monitoring and evaluating the operating performance of our business units, making decisions to allocate resources or in determining incentive compensation awards, we believe this is the appropriate metric on which to base reviews and evaluations of the efficiency of our operational performance. Expense Allocations Certain operating expenses are allocated between our operating segments using costing methods. These costing methods require us to make estimates that impact the amount of each expense category that is attributed to each segment. Changes in these estimates directly impact the amount of expense allocated to each segment and therefore the operating profit of each reporting segment. Our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses. There were no significant changes to our allocation methodologies for 2024 relative to 2023. 32 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS U.S. Domestic Package Year Ended December 31, Change 2024 2023 $ % Average Daily Package Volume (in thousands): Next Day Air 1,651 1,757 (6.0) % Deferred 1,058 1,224 (13.6) % Ground 16,452 16,049 2.5 % Total Average Daily Package Volume 19,161 19,030 0.7 % Average Revenue Per Piece: Next Day Air $ 23.23 $ 22.17 $ 1.06 4.8 % Deferred 17.77 16.38 1.39 8.5 % Ground 10.89 11.03 (0.14) (1.3) % Total Average Revenue Per Piece $ 12.34 $ 12.40 $ (0.06) (0.5) % Operating Days in Period 253 254 Revenue (in millions): Next Day Air $ 9,703 $ 9,894 $ (191) (1.9) % Deferred 4,757 5,093 (336) (6.6) % Ground 45,347 44,971 376 0.8 % Cargo and Other 569 247 322 130.4 % Total Revenue $ 60,376 $ 60,205 $ 171 0.3 % Operating Expenses (in millions): Operating Expenses $ 56,031 $ 55,049 $ 982 1.8 % adjustments to operating expenses Transformation Strategy Costs (147) (266) 119 (44.7) % Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges (5) — (5) N/A Compensation Payment — (61) 61 (100.0) % Multiemployer Pension Plan Withdrawal Expense (19) — (19) N/A Adjusted Operating Expenses $ 55,860 $ 54,722 $ 1,138 2.1 % Operating Profit (in millions) and Operating Margin: Operating Profit $ 4,345 $ 5,156 $ (811) (15.7) % Adjusted Operating Profit $ 4,516 $ 5,483 $ (967) (17.6) % Operating Margin 7.2 % 8.6 % Adjusted Operating Margin 7.5 % 9.1 % Revenue The change in revenue was due to the following factors: Revenue Change Drivers: Volume Rates / Product Mix Fuel Surcharge Total Revenue Change 2024 vs. 2023 0.3 % 0.5 % (0.5) % 0.3 % Comparative results were impacted by having one less operating day in 2024 compared to 2023. The growth in rates / product mix shown above includes the growth we experienced in our air cargo product during 2024 as we onboarded more air cargo under our contract with the USPS. Air cargo is measured by weight, not on a per piece basis, and therefore does not impact the volume and revenue per piece discussions below. We expect continued growth in this product during 2025. 33 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Volume We returned to annual average daily volume growth in 2024 for the first time in three years, driven primarily by increases in our SurePost product. The increase occurred across multiple industries including retail, professional services and healthcare, and was led by our addition of e-commerce customers and more SMBs leveraging our Digital Access Program. This growth more than offset the volume decline from our largest customer as we continued to reduce their volume with us as planned. As previously disclosed, we expect average daily volume to decline by approximately 8.5% in 2025 as we execute on our plans to accelerate the volume reductions from our largest customer. We expect these volume decreases will be more pronounced during the second half of 2025 as planned volume reductions increase. volume increased 3.0% during the year, due primarily to volume from the additional e-commerce customers noted above, and continued growth in online consumer spending. volume decreased 2.6%, primarily due to challenging macroeconomic factors and a slowdown in manufacturing activity which were partially offset by returns volume increases as a result of growth in e-commerce activity. Within our Air products, average daily volume decreased 9.1% during the year, driven by continued reductions in air volume from our largest customer as planned, as well as by other customers that made cost and utilized the enhanced speed in our ground network. While air volume is expected to decline in 2025 due to our largest customer, these declines are expected to be partially offset by growth from SMB and Enterprise accounts. Ground commercial average daily volume decreased 2.4%, primarily driven by declines across certain large customers and SMBs, partially offset by continued growth within our Digital Access Program. Ground residential average daily volume increased 6.1%, primarily due to an increase in SurePost volume from e-commerce customers. We expect our ground volumes will decrease in 2025 due to the planned volume reductions from our largest customer. We expect that continued growth in SMBs will partially offset these anticipated declines. We expect that our recent pricing actions on our SurePost product may result in SurePost volume declines. The insourcing of our SurePost product does not affect our measurement of average daily volume. Revenue Per Piece Revenue per piece declined 0.5% for the year due primarily to the decrease in fuel surcharges discussed below. The negative impact of changes in product mix, including an increase in lighter weight, shorter zone shipments, were partially offset by the positive impact of pricing actions to address revenue quality, including demand related surcharges, which led to sequential improvement in the revenue per piece growth rate during the second half of the year. In December 2023, we implemented an average 5.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates for both our Air and Ground products. Revenue per piece from our Air products increased due to changes in customer mix while revenue per piece from our Ground products declined due to changes in both customer and product mix. We expect revenue per piece to increase during 2025 as we focus on growing higher yielding volume from customers that value our integrated network and the impact of an average 5.9% net increase in base and accessorial rates implemented in December 2024. Fuel Surcharges We apply a fuel surcharge on our domestic air and ground services that adjusts weekly. Our air fuel surcharge is based on the U.S. Department of Energy's ("DOE") Gulf Coast spot price for a gallon of fuel, and our ground fuel surcharge is based on the DOE's Diesel Fuel price. In 2024, fuel surcharge revenue decreased $270 million, driven by reductions in the price per gallon, partially offset by increases in volume and the impact of our pricing initiatives. Based on the anticipated declines in volume, we expect fuel surcharge revenue to decrease in 2025. 34 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Operating Expenses Operating expenses and adjusted operating expenses increased year over year. Pickup and delivery costs increased $1.1 billion and package sortation costs increased $291 million, slightly offset by a $173 million decrease in the costs of operating our integrated air and ground network, a decrease in other operating costs of $53 million and the impact from one less operating day in 2024 compared to 2023. The cost increases were primarily due to an increase of $1.4 billion in compensation and benefits expense which was driven by the impact of wage and benefit rate increases for our union workforce under our contract with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters ("IBT"), which became effective August 1, 2023. delivery costs for our SurePost product increased $213 million due to higher SurePost volume. The cost decreases were primarily due to a reduction in fuel expense, driven by decreases in the cost of jet and ground fuel, a decrease in worker's compensation expense and the impact of reductions in our workforce under our Fit to Serve initiative. As of the fourth quarter of 2024, U.S. air cargo operating expense is presented within our U.S. Domestic Package segment and prior periods have been recast. Our adjusted operating expenses in this segment exclude the impact of total transformation strategy costs of $147 million, a charge to withdraw from a multiemployer pension plan of $19 million and asset impairment charges of $5 million. Total transformation strategy costs within the segment during 2024 were related to our Fit to Serve, Transformation 2.0 and Efficiency Reimagined programs. Within these programs, we incurred compensation and benefits costs related to workforce reductions as we our business. Additionally, within Transformation 2.0 and Efficiency Reimagined , we incurred costs related to outside professional service providers. For additional information on these enterprise programs, our expected benefits and the related costs, see “Supplemental Information - Items Affecting Comparability”. Cost per piece increased 0.6% for the year and adjusted cost per piece increased 0.8%, as expense increases, driven by an increase in compensation and benefits expense, outpaced growth in average daily volume. Cost per piece is expected to increase during 2025 as we expect to incur costs to further our strategic initiatives and we expect average daily volume to decrease as discussed above. Operating Profit and Margin As a result of the factors described above, operating profit decreased $811 million, with operating margin decreasing 140 basis points to 7.2%. adjusted operating profit decreased $967 million, with adjusted operating margin decreasing 160 basis points to 7.5%. 35 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS International Package Year Ended December 31, Change 2024 2023 $ % Average Daily Package Volume (in thousands): Domestic 1,554 1,591 (2.3) % Export 1,703 1,669 2.0 % Total Average Daily Package Volume 3,257 3,260 (0.1) % Average Revenue Per Piece: Domestic $ 8.10 $ 7.78 $ 0.32 4.1 % Export 32.82 33.03 (0.21) (0.6) % Total Average Revenue Per Piece $ 21.03 $ 20.71 $ 0.32 1.5 % Operating Days in Period 253 254 Revenue (in millions): Domestic $ 3,186 $ 3,144 $ 42 1.3 % Export 14,142 14,003 139 1.0 % Cargo & Other 632 684 (52) (7.6) % Total Revenue $ 17,960 $ 17,831 $ 129 0.7 % Operating Expenses (in millions): Operating Expenses $ 14,769 $ 14,600 $ 169 1.2 % adjustments to operating expenses Payment for Int'l Regulatory Matter (88) — (88) N/A Asset Impairment Charges (2) — (2) N/A Transformation Strategy Costs (79) (51) (28) 54.9 % Adjusted Operating Expenses $ 14,600 $ 14,549 $ 51 0.4 % Operating Profit (in millions) and Operating Margin: Operating Profit $ 3,191 $ 3,231 $ (40) (1.2) % Adjusted Operating Profit $ 3,360 $ 3,282 $ 78 2.4 % Operating Margin 17.8 % 18.1 % Adjusted Operating Margin 18.7 % 18.4 % Currency Translation Benefit / (Cost)—(in millions)*: Revenue $ (115) Operating Expenses 67 Operating Profit $ (48) * Net of currency hedging; amount represents the change compared to the prior year. Revenue The change in revenue was due to the following: Revenue Change Drivers: Volume Rates / Product Mix Fuel Surcharges Currency Total Revenue Change 2024 vs. 2023 (0.6) % 1.9 % — % (0.6) % 0.7 % Comparative results were impacted by having one less operating day in 2024 compared to 2023. 36 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Volume Average daily volume was relatively flat during 2024 as decreases in our domestic products were largely offset by growth in our export products. We expect our expanded weekend deliveries and anticipated improvements in macroeconomic conditions to contribute to volume growth in 2025, subject to uncertainty around the impact of global trade policies. Domestic volume declines were largest in Europe, partially offset by growth in the Americas. Volume declines in Europe were primarily driven by challenging economic conditions which began to moderate during the year. Volume growth in the Americas was largely driven by the Canadian retail sector during the fourth quarter as a result of temporary supply chain disruptions, which ended in December 2024. Export volume increased for the year, driven by continued growth on Americas and Asia to U.S. trade lanes and U.S. to Americas trade lanes. Improvements in the Americas to U.S. trade lanes were driven by growth in the retail sector, while the Asia to U.S. trade lanes growth was driven by increased SMB volume in retail, high tech and manufacturing sectors. By export product, growth in our products more than offset a slight decline in our premium offerings. Volume in our export products increased 3.2%, driven by growth in our Transborder Standard products from customers in the retail sector in Canada, as well as European healthcare and diversified vehicles and parts customers. product growth was also driven by an increase in our Worldwide Expedited products, primarily due to increases in the retail sector within Asia. Our premium export products experienced a volume decline of 1.3%, primarily driven by reductions in our Worldwide Express and Transborder Express products, as customers shifted toward economy products. Volume growth in our Worldwide Express Saver product largely offset these declines, driven by growth across multiple sectors within Asia and Europe. Revenue Per Piece Total revenue per piece increased 1.5% during 2024, primarily due to base rate increases. Currency had a negative impact of 70 basis points on revenue per piece due to strengthening of the U.S. Dollar. Rate changes for shipments originating outside the U.S. are made throughout the year and vary by geographic market. We expect overall revenue per piece to slightly increase in 2025 driven by favorable trends in product mix and the impact of increases in base and accessorial rates implemented in December 2024. Domestic revenue per piece increased 4.1%, primarily due to base rate increases and favorable shifts in customer mix. Currency had a negative impact of 140 basis points on domestic revenue per piece. Export revenue per piece decreased 0.6%, driven by lower fuel surcharge rates and unfavorable product mix shifts. These decreases were mostly offset by base rate increases and adjustments to surcharges introduced during the second half of the year. surcharges are expected to decline in 2025, subject to market conditions. Currency had a negative impact of 50 basis points on export revenue per piece. Fuel Surcharges The fuel surcharge we apply to international air services originating inside or outside the U.S. is largely indexed to the DOE's Gulf Coast spot price for a gallon of jet fuel. The fuel surcharges for ground services originating outside the U.S. are indexed to fuel prices in the region or country where the shipment originates. Total international fuel surcharge revenue decreased by $10 million, driven primarily by a decrease in the fuel price per gallon, which was mostly offset by increased export volumes. We anticipate an increase in fuel surcharge revenue in the first half of 2025, driven by an expectation of increased volume partially offset by lower anticipated fuel prices. 37 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Operating Expenses Operating expenses, and adjusted operating expenses, increased year over year. Pickup and delivery costs increased $187 million driven by increased total delivery stops and costs of purchased transportation. Package sortation costs increased $54 million, as a result of higher export volumes, and expanded weekend operations, included in this activity are compensation and benefit costs. Additionally, we incurred an $88 million expense during 2024 related to the settlement of a previously disclosed international regulatory matter. These increases were partially offset by reductions in air network costs of $126 million, driven by lower average fuel prices and reductions in air charters and aircraft block hours in response to lower volumes in the first half of the year. We expect overall operating expenses to increase in 2025 primarily as a result of expected volume increases. adjusted operating expenses in 2024 exclude the impact of the $88 million regulatory expense noted above, $2 million in asset impairment charges and $79 million in transformation strategy expenses. Transformation strategy activities within our International Package segment during 2024 primarily consisted of compensation and benefits expenses related to workforce reductions under our Fit to Serve program. For additional information on these programs and the related costs, see “Supplemental Information - Items Affecting Comparability.” Operating Profit and Margin As a result of the factors described above, operating profit decreased $40 million, with operating margin decreasing 30 basis points to 17.8%. adjusted operating profit increased $78 million and adjusted operating margin increased 30 basis points to 18.7%. During 2024, we completed the previously disclosed liquidation of our Small Package subsidiaries in Russia and Belarus. The process of liquidating our Forwarding and Logistics subsidiaries in Russia are and we expect to finalize the liquidation in 2025. Substantially all of our operations in Ukraine remain indefinitely suspended. These actions have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on us. 38 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Supply Chain Solutions Year Ended December 31, Change 2024 2023 $ % Revenue (in millions): Forwarding $ 4,728 $ 5,534 $ (806) (14.6) % Logistics 6,437 5,927 510 8.6 % Other 1,569 1,461 108 7.4 % Total Revenue $ 12,734 $ 12,922 $ (188) (1.5) % Operating Expenses (in millions): Operating Expenses $ 11,802 $ 12,168 $ (366) (3.0) % Transformation Strategy Costs (96) (118) 22 (18.6) % Gain on Divestiture of Coyote 156 — 156 N/A Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges (101) (236) 135 (57.2) % Expense for Regulatory Matter (45) — (45) N/A Adjusted Operating Expenses $ 11,716 $ 11,814 $ (98) (0.8) % Operating Profit (in millions) and Operating Margins: Operating Profit $ 932 $ 754 $ 178 23.6 % Adjusted Operating Profit 1,018 1,108 (90) (8.1) % Operating Margin 7.3 % 5.8 % Adjusted Operating Margin 8.0 % 8.6 % Currency Translation Benefit / (Cost)—(in millions)*: Revenue (68) Operating Expenses 86 Operating Profit 18 * Amount represents the change in currency translation compared to the prior year. 39 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, Change 2024 2023 $ % adjustments to Operating Expenses (in millions): Transformation Strategy Costs Forwarding $ 39 $ 68 $ (29) (42.6) % Logistics 57 48 9 18.8 % Other SCS — 2 (2) (100.0) % Total Transformation Strategy Costs 96 118 (22) (18.6) % Gain on Divestiture of Coyote Forwarding (156) — (156) N/A Total Gain on Divestiture of Coyote (156) — (156) N/A Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges Forwarding — 119 (119) (100.0) % Logistics 101 — 101 N/A Other SCS — 117 (117) (100.0) % Total Goodwill and Asset Impairment Charges 101 236 (135) (57.2) % Expense for Regulatory Matter Other SCS 45 — 45 N/A Total Expense for Regulatory Matter 45 — 45 N/A Total Adjustments to Operating Expenses $ 86 $ 354 $ (268) (75.7) % Revenue Total revenue within Supply Chain Solutions decreased, primarily driven by the September 2024 divestiture of Coyote. These reductions were partially offset by growth in Logistics and certain of our other businesses. Within our Logistics businesses revenue increased $510 million. The acquisition of MNX Global Logistics in the fourth quarter of 2023 contributed $303 million of the increase, including revenue related to healthcare customers. Revenue in mail services increased $206 million driven by new customer volume and rate increases in the second half of the year. We expect continued growth within our Logistics businesses in 2025, driven by expected growth from our healthcare customers. Within our Forwarding businesses, revenue decreased $806 million. Revenue from Coyote decreased $976 million due to lower volumes, continued softness in market rates, and the completion of the divestiture. International airfreight revenue increased $52 million, primarily due to increases in market rates. Volume also grew during the year, particularly on the Asia export lanes, driven by growth from e-commerce customers. We expect revenue growth to continue during 2025, driven by improving customer mix. Ocean freight forwarding revenue also increased, driven by an increase in market rates resulting from improved market dynamics as the year progressed, which more than offset lower volumes during the year. We expect revenue growth to continue into 2025 driven by these higher rates. Revenue from our other businesses within Supply Chain Solutions increased. In our digital businesses, revenue increased $163 million, driven by volume growth at Roadie and the impact of Happy Returns, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023. 40 UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Operating Expenses Total operating expenses and adjusted operating expenses within Supply Chain Solutions decreased. Forwarding operating expenses decreased $1.1 billion, and on a adjusted basis, operating expenses decreased $786 million, primarily driven by decreases of $949 million in Coyote due to lower activity levels during 2024 and the September 2024 divestiture. These decreases were partially offset by a $163 million increase in expenses in our freight forwarding business, driven by market rates for transportation during the second half of 2024. We expect Forwarding operating expenses will decrease in the first half of 2025 driven by the impact of the Coyote divestiture, partially offset by continued growth in our freight forwarding businesses. adjusted operating expense in our Forwarding business excludes $39 million in expense in 2

[truncated]