Disclaimer* NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by REC Silicon ASA (the "Company") on 9 February 2026 and regarding the fully underwritten rights issue of 4,078,000,000 new shares (the "Offer Shares") in the Company at a subscription price of NOK 0.2385 per new share (the "Subscription Price") raising gross proceeds of NOK 972.6 million (the "Rights Issue"). Reference is further made to the notice of extraordinary general meeting ("EGM") of 19 February 2026 to approve the Rights Issue, as well as a proposal to decrease the share capital by reducing the nominal value of the shares. The EGM has today approved all items as proposed by the board of directors, including the Rights Issue and the share capital reduction. The proposal to elect Mr Jong Wook Park was also approved, and the board hence consists of Jong Wook Park (chair), Renate Oberhoffer and Vivian Bertseka. The minutes from the EGM are attached to this announcement. The Rights Issue will be directed towards shareholders of the Company as of 12 March 2026, as registered in the VPS on 16 March 2026 (the "Record Date"), who are not resident in a jurisdiction where such offering would be unlawful or would (in jurisdictions other than Norway) require any prospectus, filing, registration or similar action (the "Eligible Shareholders"). Further information regarding the Rights Issue, including subscription procedures, will be set out in the prospectus for the Rights Issue which will be made available at ahead of the subscription period. Contacts Nils O. Kjerstad IR Contact Phone: +47 9135 6659 Email: nils.kjerstad@recsilicon.com About REC Silicon REC Silicon is a leading producer of advanced silicon materials, delivering high-purity silicon gases to the solar and electronics industries worldwide. We combine over 40 years of experience and proprietary technology with the needs of our customers. Listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: RECSI), the Company is headquartered in Lysaker, Norway. For more information, go to: www.recsilicon.com This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, §5-12. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 2026-03-12 14:09 CET. Attachments REC Silicon ASA - Fully underwritten rights issue approved by the Extraordinary General Meeting REC Silicon Minutes From EGM 12 March 2026 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Renewable Energy Corporation ASA (0FS8) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago ActiveOps 38 minutes ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 1 hour ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) 1 hour ago Prudential All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and