BETA Close X Record plc announced that three Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) acquired interests in the company through its Dividend Reinvestment Plan on July 28, 2026, at a price of 44.80 pence per share. Thomas Arnold acquired 1,900 shares, Shaesta Wahedally acquired 2,484 shares, and Othman Boukrami acquired 69 shares. These transactions represent an acquisition of ordinary shares of 0.025 pence each on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. Disclaimer* Record PLC 29 July 2026 29 July 2026 Record plc ('Record' or the 'Company') Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities ("PDMR") and persons closely associated with them in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation On 29 July 2026, the Trustees of the Record plc Share Incentive Plan notified the Company that the following PDMRs had acquired interests in the Company in accordance with the rules of the plan on 28 July 2026, as a result of their participation in the Company's DRIP. The acquisition price was 44.80 pence per share. Senior Manager Number of Ordinary Shares acquired Total number of SIP shares Thomas Arnold 1,900 58,681 Shaesta Wahedally 2,484 76,774 Othman Boukrami 69 2,145 The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. THOMAS ARNOLD 2. SHAESTA WAHEDALLY 3. OTHMAN BOUKRAMI 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. HEAD OF CLIENT TEAM 2. HEAD OF CLIENT ONBOARDING 3. CEO, RECORD CURRENCY MANAGEMENT LIMITED b) Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RECORD PLC b) LEI 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF 0.025 PENCE PER SHARE GB00B28ZPS36 b) Nature of the transaction ACQUISITION OF INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES OF THE RECORD PLC SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices(s) Volume(s) £0.448 1. 1,900 SHARES 2. 2,484 SHARES 3. 69 SHARES d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price SEE SECTION C ABOVE e) Date of the transaction 27 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE MAIN MARKET (XLON) For any queries related to this notification please contact: Kevin Ayles, Company Secretary: companysecretariat@recordfg.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago FRP Advisory Group 3 hours ago Close Brothers Group 3 hours ago Barclays 3 hours ago PZ Cussons 3 hours ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and