BETA Close X Record plc announced several board changes, with Dr. Othman Boukrami moving to an Executive Director role at a subsidiary and Nick Adams joining as a Non-Executive Director from January 1, 2026. Chief Financial Officer Richard Heading will step down on March 31, 2026, after supporting the search for his successor and ensuring a smooth handover. Chief of Staff Kevin Ayles will also stand down from the Board on March 31, 2026, for personal reasons but will remain a senior executive. These changes reflect the company's transition to a more diverse asset manager. Disclaimer* Record PLC 17 December 2025 17 December 2025 RECORD PLC Directorate Change Record plc ("Record", the "Company" or the "Group"), the specialist currency and asset manager, announces the following changes to its board of directors (the "Board"). Dr Othman Boukrami was recently appointed as an Executive Director of the Group's regulated subsidiary Record Currency Management Limited, having stepped down from his role as a Non-Executive Director on the main Board. Othman brings decades of experience as a pioneer in emerging and frontier market currencies. In succession to Othman, Nick Adams will join the Board with effect from 1 January 2026 as a Non-Executive Director and will also become a member of the Audit, Remuneration, and Nomination Committees. Nick was Global Head of Institutional at Janus Henderson Investors, having previously held roles as Head of EMEA Institutional and Head of Consultant Relations. Nick said "I am delighted to be joining the Board. I believe my background and experience are a great fit for Record and I look forward to contributing to the strategic growth plans of the Company." Richard Heading has decided to step down from his role as Chief Financial Officer at the end of this financial year on 31 March 2026. Richard will remain in his role until then and will support the Company's search for a successor, which is already underway, as well as ensuring a smooth handover and transition. Richard Heading, Chief Financial Officer, commented, "This has been a difficult decision, but I have decided it is time for me to try something new. There are fantastic people at Record with whom I have very much enjoyed working, and I wish them every success in the future". Kevin Ayles, Chief of Staff, will stand down from the Board with effect from the 31 March 2026 for personal reasons. Kevin will continue as an important senior executive with Record in his current role but with certain duties transferred to others to facilitate a reduced working pattern. David Morrison, Chairman of Record plc, said: "Record is a Company in transition from being a currency manager alone to a more diverse asset manager providing a range of services to institutional investors. Reflecting current and future priorities, we continue to assess the senior management and board requirements of the Company, whilst always looking to take into account the personal circumstances of the executives involved in the business. I am delighted to welcome Nick Adams as a Non-Executive Director. We will benefit from his knowledge and experience. Kevin has played an important role in Record for many years and will continue to do so. I am sorry that we will lose him from the Board, but pleased that we are able to retain his services whilst accommodating his personal requirements. I would also like to thank Richard for his contribution to the business over the past couple of years." This announcement includes the information required by UKLR 6.4.6 to 6.4.8, and there is no further information to report under UKLR 6.4.8. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MAR"). Upon publication via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. -Ends - For further information, please contact: Record plc Dr Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Cerian Tahany FCG, Company Secretary investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and