BETA Close X Record plc has published its 2026 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, following the release of its annual results on June 19, 2026. The Annual General Meeting is scheduled for July 22, 2026, at 11:00 am at the Company's registered office. Both the Annual Report and the Notice of Meeting are available on the Company's website and will be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority for inspection. Disclaimer* Record PLC 23 June 2026 23 June 2026 LEI number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 Record plc (the "Company") Publication of 2026 Annual Report and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting Following the release of Record's annual results on 19 June 2026, the Company announces that it has today published its 2026 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting (the "Notice of Meeting"). The Annual General Meeting will be held at the Company's registered office at: First Floor, 3 Sheldon Square, Paddington, London W2 6HY on 22 July 2026 at 11.00 am. Copies of the Company's 2026 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of Meeting are available for viewing or download from the Company's website at recordfg.com . Printed copies of the Notice of Meeting will be mailed today for those who have previously selected hardcopy as their communication preference. The 2026 Annual Report and Accounts will be mailed in due course. In compliance with UKLR 6.4.1R, copies of the 2026 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of Meeting will shortly be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism , - End - For further information, please contact: Record plc + 44 (0) 20 3892 1300 Kevin Ayles, Company Secretary and Chief of Staff Panmure Liberum + 44 (0) 20 7886 2500 Atholl Tweedie, Corporate Broking David Watkins, Corporate Advisory This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and