BETA Close X Following the compulsory acquisition of all remaining shares, REC Silicon ASA held an extraordinary general meeting on June 15, 2026, where shareholders resolved to delist the company's shares from Euronext Oslo Børs, convert to a private limited liability company, and appoint a new board of directors. These resolutions, along with amendments to the company's articles of association, signify a transition away from public trading. Disclaimer* Following completion of the compulsory acquisition of all remaining shares of REC Silicon ASA (the "Company") as announced on 15 June 2026, an extraordinary general meeting was convened and held today, 15 June 2026 (the " EGM "). At the EGM, it was resolved to apply for a delisting of the Company's shares from Euronext Oslo Børs, to convert the Company to a private limited liability company, to appoint a new board of directors, and to make certain related amendments to the Company's articles of association. The minutes from the extraordinary general meeting are attached hereto. Contacts Nils O. Kjerstad IR Contact Phone: +47 9135 6659 Email: nils.kjerstad@recsilicon.com About REC Silicon REC Silicon is a leading producer of advanced silicon materials, delivering high-purity silicon gases to the solar and electronics industries worldwide. We combine over 40 years of experience and proprietary technology with the needs of our customers. Listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: RECSI), the Company is headquartered in Lysaker, Norway. For more information, go to: www.recsilicon.com This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, §5-12. The information was submitted for publication, through the agency of the contact persons set out above, at 2026-06-15 17:01 CEST. Attachments REC Silicon ASA - Extraordinary general meeting held REC Silicon Minutes From EGM 15 June 2026 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Renewable Energy Corporation ASA (0FS8) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and