Disclaimer* Record PLC 22 September 2026 22 September 2026 RECORD PLC Board Appointment Record plc ("Record" or the "Group"), the specialist currency and asset manager, is pleased to announce the appointment of Albert Soleiman as Chief Financial Officer and to the Board of Directors, effective 28 September 2026. Albert joins Record with more than 20 years' experience across financial services, FinTech, digital assets, proprietary trading technology, and listed companies. Albert is a Chartered Accountant and started his career in tax advisory at KPMG and William Buck in Australia, later moving to the UK to Bitfury, CMC Markets and The Smarter Web Company. He served as Chief Financial Officer of CMC Markets plc (LSE: CMCX), the FTSE 250-listed global financial services and trading technology group, overseeing finance, capital management, and strategic initiatives across a business operating in 17 countries and serving more than 1.5 million clients. Albert brings extensive experience in capital markets, institutional B2B platform development, international expansion, and leadership across global regulatory environments including FCA, MAS, BaFin, DFSA, and ASIC. David Morrison, Chairman, commented: " We are delighted to welcome Albert to Record. His experience is highly relevant to the next phase of our development. Record is evolving from a specialist currency management business into a broader financial group, with growth across asset management, private markets, and increasingly technology-enabled currency businesses. His combination of listed-company experience, capital markets expertise, international regulatory knowledge, and deep understanding of technology-driven trading businesses will be particularly valuable as we develop our frontier-market currencies offering, continue to scale our businesses and allocate capital between our established cash-generative activities and our higher-growth opportunities." Albert Soleiman, incoming Chief Financial Officer, commented: " I am delighted to be joining Record at an exciting stage in the Group's development. I look forward to working with Jan and the wider team to strengthen the Group's financial and capital management capabilities and to support the next phase of growth of Record. " About Record plc (LSE: REC) Record manages USD 122 billion of assets on behalf of institutional clients worldwide. Record's client base comprises pension funds, foundations, sovereign institutions and other asset managers, with whom the Group has built long-standing relationships through its focus on bespoke investment and risk management solutions. This announcement is made pursuant to UKLR 6.4.6R. The Company confirms that no further disclosure is required under UKLR 6.4.8R in respect of the appointment of Albert Soleiman as an executive director of the Company. The information contained within this announcement constitutes inside information as defined by the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) No. 596/2014, which forms part of domestic UK law pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement via Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Record plc is Kevin Ayles. For further information, please contact: Record plc David Morrison - Chairman Jan Hendrik Witte - Chief Executive Officer investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins +44 (0)20 7886 2500 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago ActiveOps 38 minutes ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 1 hour ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) 1 hour ago Prudential All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and