BETA Close X Record plc will announce its audited full year results for the 12 months ended 31 March 2026 on Friday, 19 June 2026, with an analyst call scheduled for 9:30 am BST. Additionally, the company will host a live investor presentation on Tuesday, 23 June 2026, at 10:00 am BST via the Investor Meet Company platform, open to all shareholders and potential investors. Disclaimer* Record PLC 11 June 2026 11 June 2026 Record Plc Notice of Full Year Results & Investor Presentation Record plc ("Record", the "Company" or the "Group"), the specialist asset manager, will announce its audited full year results for the 12 months ended 31 March 2026 ("FY26"). Analyst presentation There will be a call for analysts on Friday, 19 June 2026 at 9:30am BST. Please contact investorrelations@recordfg.com for further details. Following the meeting, a copy of the presentation will be made available on the Group's website at www.recordfg.com . Investor presentation The Company will provide a live investor presentation relating to the FY26 results via the Investor Meet Company platform on Tuesday, 23 June 2026 at 10:00am BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 22 June 2026, 09:00am BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Record plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/record-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow RECORD PLC on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 ***ENDS*** For further information, please visit www.recordfg.com or contact: Record plc Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer investorrelations@recordfg.com Samantha Dunn, Interim Chief Financial Officer Tel: +44 (0)20 3892 1300 Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie, Corporate Broking Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 David Watkins, Corporate Advisory This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and