Publication of Sustainability & Climate Reports Record PLC 01 July 2025 1 July 2025 LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 RECORD PLC PUBLICATION OF SUSTAINABILITY REPORT AND CLIMATE REPORT Record plc ("Record", the "Company" or the "Group"), the specialist currency and alternative asset manager, is pleased to announce the publication of its Sustainability Report and Climate Report for the Financial Year 2025, these can be found on the Company's website at the following link: https://recordfg.com/sustainability/ Following the publication, Dr Jan Hendrik Witte, Record plc CEO, said: "I'm pleased to share our Group Sustainability and Climate Reports for the past financial year. Our Sustainability Team has made significant strides in advancing our approach and deepening our impact. Sustainability remains a core priority, fully integrated into our Group strategy, and we continue to actively pursue opportunities that deliver long-term value for all of our stakeholders." About Record: Founded in 1983, Record is a specialist currency and asset manager offering best-in-class bespoke products to large global investors. The Group manages over US$100bn AUM for 140 institutional clients worldwide across FX Risk Management and Alpha Solutions, EM Debt, Infrastructure Equity, and Alternative Credit. Its 90+ Group employees are spread across offices in New York, London, Windsor, Zurich, Frankfurt and Amsterdam. Record is regulated by the FCA, SEC, CFTC and BaFin. -Ends - For further information, please contact: Record plc Dr Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Jonathan De Pasquallie, Impact and ESG Manager Sustainability Tel: +44 (0) 20 3892 1300 investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and