BETA Close X Record plc announced a change in its directorate, with Chief Financial Officer Richard Heading stepping down from the Board on March 9, 2026, and entering garden leave until March 31, 2026. Samantha Dunn has been appointed as the interim Chief Financial Officer, a non-Board role, following a handover period. This update follows the initial announcement on December 17, 2025, regarding Mr. Heading's planned departure. Disclaimer* Record PLC 10 March 2026 10 March 2026 RECORD PLC Directorate update Record plc ("Record", the "Company" or the "Group"), the specialist currency and asset manager, announces the following update on the recent change to its board of directors (the "Board"). Following the announcement on 17 December 2025 that Richard Heading had decided to step down from his role as Chief Financial Officer on 31 March 2026, the Company is pleased to announce that Samantha Dunn has joined as interim Chief Financial Officer (a non-Board role). Following a period of handover, Richard and the Board mutually agreed that he would step down from the Board with effect from 9 March 2026 and will be on garden leave until 31 March 2026. This announcement is made in accordance with UKLR 6.4.6. -Ends - For further information, please contact: Record plc Dr Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Cerian Tahany FCG, Company Secretary investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and