REC SILICON - PRELIMINARY RESULTS AND SETTLEMENT NOTIFICATION FOR THE VOLUNTARY OFFER TO ACQUIRE ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES IN REC SILICON ASA NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, INTO OR WITHIN CANADA, AUSTRALIA, SOUTH KOREA, NEW ZEALAND, SOUTH AFRICA, JAPAN, HONG KONG, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement published on 23 May 2025 regarding the publication of the offer document dated 22 May (the "Offer Document") and launch of the acceptance period for the board recommended voluntary all cash offer (the "Offer") by Anchor AS (the "Offeror") to acquire all issued and outstanding shares (the "Shares") in REC Silicon ASA (the "Company") at an offer price of NOK 2.20 per Share (the "Offer Price"). Reference is also made to the announcement on 2 July 2025 and 8 July 2025 regarding the waiver of the closing conditions related to the board recommendation and the 90% minimum acceptance level. The acceptance period for the Offer expired today, 8 July 2025, at 16:30 (CEST). As of expiry of the Offer and subject to final verification of acceptances, the Offeror has received acceptances under the Offer for 180,498,818 Shares, corresponding to approximately 42.91% of the issued and outstanding share capital and voting rights of the Company. Subject to settlement under the Offer and final verification of acceptances, Anchor AS will increase its shareholding in the Company from 0 Shares to 180,498,818 Shares, representing approximately 42.91% of all outstanding Shares, and will thus cross the thresholds for disclosure of major shareholding up to and including the 1/3 threshold pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act section 4-2. Hanwha Solutions Corporation (" HSC ") and Hanwha Corporation (" HC ") will simultaneously reduce their direct shareholdings from 89,733,473 Shares (21.33% of all outstanding Shares) and 50,475,079 Shares (12.00% of all outstanding Shares), respectively, to 0 Shares. Anchor AS is wholly-owned by Hanwha Global Americas Corporation, which again is owned by HC (60%) and HSC (40%). The condition for completion of the Offer relating to "Minimum Acceptance" as set out in section 1.3 of the Offer Document has, as previously announced, already been waived. Consequently, this announcement constitutes a 'Settlement Notification' pursuant to section 1.8 of the Offer Document. Settlement of the Offer will thus be made by 22 July 2025 to shareholders having accepted the Offer in accordance with the terms of the Offer Document subject only to the following closing conditions continuing to be satisfied, or waived by the Offeror, in accordance with the terms of the Offer until settlement of the Offer: (iii) "No Material Adverse Change", (iv) "No Legal Action", (v) "No changes in share capital", (vi) "Ordinary conduct of business", (vii) "No Breach of Transaction Agreement" and (viii) "No Bankruptcy or Reconstruction" (together the "Remaining Closing Conditions"). To the Offeror's knowledge all of the Remaining Closing Conditions are currently satisfied. Subject to settlement of the Offer and final verification of acceptances, the Offeror will own approximately 42.91% of the voting rights in the Company. At settlement of the Offer, the Offeror will trigger the obligation under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act chapter 6 to make a mandatory offer to acquire all Shares not already owned by the Offeror at such time. Therefore, and subject to fulfillment or waiver of the Remaining Closing Conditions until settlement of the Offer, the Offeror confirms its intention to launch such mandatory offer within the deadline set out in section 6-10 (1) of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. Advisors DNB Carnegie, a part of DNB Bank ASA, is acting as financial advisor and receiving agent and Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm is acting as legal advisor and First House AS is acting as communications adviser to the Offeror. Arctic Securities AS is acting as financial advisor and Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS is acting as legal advisor to the Company. Important Notice: The Offer and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Offer Document and related acceptance forms will not and may not be distributed, forwarded or transmitted into or within any jurisdiction where prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation, Canada, Australia, South Korea, New Zealand, South Africa, Hong Kong and Japan. The Offeror does not assume any responsibility in the event there is a violation by any person of such restrictions. Persons in the United States should review "Notice to U.S. Holders" below. Persons into whose possession this announcement or such other information should come are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This announcement is for information purposes only and is not a tender offer document and, as such, is not intended to and does not constitute or form any part of an offer or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, otherwise acquire, subscribe for, sell or otherwise dispose of any securities, or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise. Investors may accept the Offer only on the basis of the information provided in the Offer Document. Offers will not be made directly or indirectly in any jurisdiction where either an offer or participation therein is prohibited by applicable law or where any tender offer document or registration or other requirements would apply in addition to those undertaken in Norway. Shareholders of the Company must rely upon their own examination of the Offer Document. Each shareholder should study the Offer Document carefully in order to be able to make an informed and balanced assessment of the Offer and the information that is discussed and described therein. Shareholders should not construe the contents of this announcement as legal, tax or accounting advice, or as information necessarily applicable to each shareholder. Each shareholder should seek independent advice from its own financial and legal advisors prior to making a decision to accept the Offer. No profit forecasts or estimates No statement in this announcement is intended as a profit forecast or profit estimate and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or earnings per Share for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or earning per Share. Forward-looking statements This announcement, oral statements made regarding the Offer, and other information published by the Offeror and/or the Company may contain statements which are, or may be deemed to be, "forward looking statements". Such forward looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and on numerous assumptions regarding the business strategies and the environment in which the group will operate in the future and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by those statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this announcement relate to the group’s future prospects, developments and business strategies, the expected timing and scope of the Offer and other statements other than historical facts. In some cases, these forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including the terms "believes", "estimates", "will look to", "would look to", "plans", "prepares", "anticipates", "expects", "is expected to", "is subject to", "budget", "scheduled", "forecasts", "synergy", "strategy", "goal", "cost-saving", "projects" "intends", "may", "will" or "should" or their negatives or other variations or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements may include statements relating to the following: (i) future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, dividend policy, losses, contract renewals and future prospects; (ii) business and management strategies and the expansion and growth of the Company’s operations; and (iii) the effects of global economic and political conditions and governmental regulation on the Company’s business. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. These events and circumstances include changes in the global, political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory forces, future exchange and interest rates, changes in tax rates and future business combinations or disposals. If any one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialises or if any one or more of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those expected, estimated or projected. Such forward looking statements should therefore be construed in the light of such factors. Neither the Company nor the Offeror nor any member of their respective groups, nor any of their respective members, associates or directors, officers or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this announcement will actually occur. Given these risks and uncertainties, potential investors should not place any reliance on forward looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only at the date of this document. All subsequent oral or written forward-looking statements attributable to any member of the Company group, the Offeror or any member of their respective group, or any of their respective members, associates, directors, officers, employees or advisers, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. The Company, the Offeror and each member of their respective groups expressly disclaim any obligation to update such statements other than as required by law or by the rules of any competent regulatory authority, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Notice to U.S. Holders U.S. Holders (as defined below) are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that the Company is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "U.S. Exchange Act"), and is not required to, and does not, file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") thereunder. The Offer will be made to holders of Shares resident in the United States ("U.S. Holders") on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other holders of Shares of the Company to whom an offer is made. Any information documents, including the Offer Document, will be disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to the Company's other Shareholders to whom an offer is made. The Offer will be made by the Offeror and no one else. The Offer is made to U.S. Holders pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the U.S. Exchange Act as a "Tier II" tender offer, and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Norwegian law. Accordingly, the Offer is subject to disclosure and other procedural requirements timetable, settlement procedures and timing of payments, that are different from those that would be applicable under U.S. domestic tender offer procedures and law. Pursuant to an exemption from Rule 14e-5 under the U.S. Exchange Act, the Offeror and its affiliates or brokers (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates, as applicable) may from time to time, and other than pursuant to the Offer, directly or indirectly, purchase or arrange to purchase, Shares or any securities that are convertible into, exchangeable for or exercisable for such Shares outside the United States during the period in which the Offer remains open for acceptance, so long as those acquisitions or arrangements comply with applicable Norwegian law and practice and the provisions of such exemption. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Norway, such information will be disclosed by means of an English language press release via an electronically operated information distribution system in the United States or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information. In addition, the financial advisors to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of the Company, which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. Neither the SEC nor any securities supervisory authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States has approved or disapproved the Offer or reviewed it for its fairness, nor have the contents of the Offer Document or any other documentation relating to the Offer been reviewed for accuracy, completeness or fairness by the SEC or any securities supervisory authority in the United States. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. Contacts Nils O. Kjerstad IR Contact Phone: +47 9135 6659 Email: nils.kjerstad@recsilicon.com About REC Silicon REC Silicon is a leading producer of advanced silicon materials, delivering high-purity silicon gases to the solar and electronics industries worldwide. We combine over 40 years of experience and proprietary technology with the needs of our customers. Listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: RECSI), the Company is headquartered in Lysaker, Norway. For more information, go to: www.recsilicon.com This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, §5-12. The information was submitted for publication at 2025-07-08 18:25 CEST. Attachments REC SILICON - PRELIMINARY RESULTS AND SETTLEMENT NOTIFICATION FOR THE VOLUNTARY OFFER TO ACQUIRE ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES IN REC SILICON ASA AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Renewable Energy Corporation ASA (0FS8) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago ActiveOps 38 minutes ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 1 hour ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) 1 hour ago Prudential All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and