BETA Close X Record plc announced the appointment of Dr. Othman Boukrami to the Executive Leadership Team and Board of Directors of Record Currency Management Limited (RCML), the Group's FCA regulated subsidiary, effective December 1, 2025, subject to FCA approval. Boukrami previously served as a Non-Executive Director for Record since July 2024 and brings over 16 years of experience from the Currency Exchange Fund (TCX), where he was CIO and Deputy CEO. As a result of this appointment, he will step down from his role as Record Non-Executive Director with immediate effect, and the company has begun searching for a replacement. Disclaimer* Record PLC 14 October 2025 14 October 2025 RECORD PLC Directorate Change and Senior Subsidiary Appointment Record plc ("Record", the "Company" or the "Group"), the specialist currency and asset manager, announces a senior appointment at Record Currency Management Limited ("RCML"), the Group's FCA regulated subsidiary Dr. Othman Boukrami Record is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Othman Boukrami as a member of the RCML Executive Leadership Team and RCML Board Director, subject to FCA approval. Othman is well known to the Group after serving as a Non-Executive Director for Record since July 2024. He was previously the CIO and Deputy CEO at the Currency Exchange Fund (TCX), having built a career of more than 16 years there. Othman led the development of currency hedging in developing and frontier markets and mobilizing private sector investments. With Othman's skill set and experience he will join the Board of RCML to implement our long-term strategic goals and to further develop our frontier market offering. Othman will step down with immediate effect from his role as Record Non-Executive Director, before joining RCML in an executive capacity on 1 December 2025. A search for a replacement Non-Executive Director is now underway. Following the appointment, Dr. Jan Witte, Record plc CEO, said: After working with Othman on the Group Board for the last year, I am delighted that he will now join RCML as a member of the Executive Leadership Team and Board Director. Othman adds considerable strength to our talented leadership team, alongside our recently appointed Group CIO, Andreas Daenzer, and we are confident that our newly formed team has the skills and experience to deliver on our strategy. Dr. Othman Boukrami said: I am honoured to be joining RCML in an executive capacity at such a dynamic time for the industry. I look forward to collaborating with the talented team to build on the firm's distinguished legacy, support its continued growth, and deliver long-term value to our clients. RCML has established a strong reputation for excellence in currency risk management and for its unwavering commitment to innovation, transparency, and client service, and I am proud to contribute to this mandate. This notice is given in fulfilment of Record's obligations under UKLR 6.4.6 of the Listing Rules. -Ends - For further information, please contact: Record plc Dr Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Richard Heading, Chief Financial Officer investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and