BETA Close X Record plc, through its subsidiary Record Asset Management GmbH, has committed capital to a co-investment vehicle for Swiss pension funds, which will acquire a 37.5% stake in NorthC Datacenters B.V., a European enterprise colocation data centre platform. This transaction, executed in partnership with Antin Infrastructure Partners, expands the portfolio's exposure to digital infrastructure and follows previous investments in Pattern Energy and TenneT Germany. The vehicle has now committed 35% of its initial investor capital, with the acquisition subject to regulatory clearance. Disclaimer* Record PLC 30 March 2026 30 March 2026 RECORD PLC Swiss pension fund partnership invests in enterprise colocation data center platform NorthC Record plc ("Record", the "Company" or the "Group"), the specialist currency and asset manager, announce that its subsidiary Record Asset Management GmbH ("RAM"), has committed to its third infrastructure transaction through its co-investment vehicle for Swiss pension funds. The co-investment vehicle enables leading Swiss pension funds to invest alongside ABP (the Dutch pension fund for government and education employees) through APG's Asset Owner Partnership ("AOP") programme, which is managed by APG Asset Management N.V. ("APG"). The commitment relates to APG's agreement, on behalf of its pension fund client ABP and the Swiss pension fund partnership (AOP III), to acquire a 37.5% stake in NorthC Datacenters B.V. ("NorthC"), one of Europe's leading enterprise colocation data centre platforms. NorthC is headquartered in the Netherlands and operates across the Netherlands, Germany and Switzerland. The transaction will be executed in partnership with Antin Infrastructure Partners ("Antin"), following Antin's acquisition of 100% of the company from DWS. Antin and APG will assume joint ownership of NorthC, combining their complementary sector expertise, long-term investment horizon and shared commitment to developing sustainable digital infrastructure. This investment positions NorthC to advance its development pipeline and deepen its presence in high demand metropolitan markets, supporting Europe's shift toward secure, sustainable and locally governed digital infrastructure. The acquisition is subject to regulatory clearance. This investment expands the portfolio's exposure to digital infrastructure and follows earlier commitments to Pattern Energy and TenneT Germany. The vehicle has now committed 35% of its initial investor capital. RAM continues to deploy capital on behalf of its clients through a disciplined co-investment approach, focused on infrastructure assets with long-term value characteristics. -Ends - For further information, please contact: Record plc Dr Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Cerian Tahany FCG, Company Secretary investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 Record plc - LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and