Director/PDMR Shareholding Record PLC 31 July 2025 31 July 2025 Record plc ('Record' or the 'Company') Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation On 30 July 2025, the Trustees of the Record plc Share Incentive Plan notified the Company that the following Senior Managers had acquired interests in the Company in accordance with the rules of the plan on 25 July 2025. The acquisition price was 59.992 pence per share. Senior Manager Number of Ordinary Shares acquired Total number of SIP shares Thomas Arnold 2,068 49,642 Shaesta Wahedally 2,954 70,890 The following disclosure is made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK version of the EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 which has effect in English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. THOMAS ARNOLD 2. SHAESTA WAHEDALLY 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. HEAD OF CLIENT TEAM 2. HEAD OF CLIENT ONBOARDING b) Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RECORD PLC b) LEI 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF 0.025 PENCE PER SHARE GB00B28ZPS36 b) Nature of the transaction ACQUISITION OF INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES OF THE RECORD PLC SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices(s) Volume(s) £0.59992 1. 2,068 SHARES 2. 2,954 SHARES d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price SEE SECTION C ABOVE e) Date of the transaction 25 July 2025 f) Place of the transaction LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE MAIN MARKET (XLON) For any queries related to this notification please contact: Cerian Tahany, Company Secretary on 01753 852222. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Marshalls 1 hour ago Marshalls 2 hours ago OSB Group 2 hours ago Bloomsbury Publishing All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and