BETA Close X Record plc announced on April 15, 2026, that its Chief Executive Officer, Jan Witte, and Group Chief Investment Officer, Andreas Daenzer, were granted nil-cost options under the company's Long Term Incentive Plan. Mr. Witte received 351,368 ordinary shares, and Mr. Daenzer received 145,961 ordinary shares, with both transactions occurring outside a trading venue. Disclaimer* Record PLC 15 April 2026 15 April 2026 Record plc ('Record' or the 'Company') Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation The Company announces that the following directors and senior managers of the Company (each a person discharging managerial responsibilities or " PDMR ") were granted awards in the form of nil-cost options over Ordinary Shares of 0.025p each, under the Record plc Long Term Incentive Plan (the " LTIP "). The Company was notified of this exercise on 15 April 2026. PDMR Number of Ordinary Shares exercised Exercise price (pence) Jan Witte 351,368 Nil Andreas Daenzer 145,961 Nil The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. JAN WITTE 2. ANDREAS DAENZER 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. PLC CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 2. GROUP CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER b) Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL NOTIFICATION 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name RECORD PLC b) LEI (inclusion optional) 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code ORDINARY SHARES OF 0.025 PENCE PER SHARE GB00B28ZPS36 b) Nature of the transaction GRANT OF NIL-COST OPTIONS IN THE COMPANY UNDER THE RULES OF THE RECORD PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN c) Senior Managers: Price(s) and volume(s) Prices(s) Volume(s) Exercise price of £nil 1. 351,368 2. 145,961 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - ONE TRANSACTION PER INDIVIDUAL (SEE SECTION C ABOVE) e) Date of the transaction 15 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction OUTSIDE A TRADING VENUE For further information: Record plc Kevin Ayles: Chief of Staff companysecretariat@recordfg.com Cerian Tahany: Company Secretary +44 (0) 20 3892 1300 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago FRP Advisory Group 1 hour ago Close Brothers Group 1 hour ago Barclays 1 hour ago PZ Cussons 1 hour ago Senior All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and