BETA Close X Record PLC announced an upcoming investor presentation via Investor Meet Company, where CEO Jan Witte and CFO Richard Heading will discuss the Interim Results. This live event, open to all existing and potential shareholders, is scheduled for 13th November 2025 at 11:00 GMT. Shareholders can submit questions in advance via their Investor Meet Company dashboard until 09:00 GMT on 12th November 2025, or during the live presentation, providing an opportunity for direct engagement with management regarding the company's financial performance. Disclaimer* Record PLC 06 November 2025 6 th November 2025 LEI Number: 5493000VJ55ZTYGX4322 RECORD PLC Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Record plc is pleased to announce that Jan Witte, CEO, and Richard Heading, CFO, will provide a live presentation relating to the Interim Results via Investor Meet Company on 13 th November 2025, 11:00 GMT. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted pre-event via your Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 12 th November 2025, 09:00 GMT, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Record plc via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/record-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Record plc on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. -Ends - For further information, please contact: ​ Record plc Dr. Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Richard Heading, Chief Financial Officer investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie, Corporate Broking David Watkins, Corporate Advisory Tel: +44 (0) 20 7886 2500 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and