consolidated income tax return until that date. We filed a standalone U.S. Federal consolidated income tax return and a standalone return in most other jurisdictions in which it operates for the remainder of fiscal year 2023 and will continue to file a standalone return for all fiscal years thereafter. Certain current income tax liabilities related to our activities included in J&J’s income tax returns were assumed to be immediately settled with J&J through the Net Investment from J&J or Additional Capital accounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing activity for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023. Following the Exchange Offer, our operating footprint, as well as tax return elections and assertions, are different, and therefore, our income taxes, as presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements, may differ in future periods. Income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current fiscal year and include the results of any differences between U.S. GAAP accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. We estimate deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. Future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities. U.S. Federal, state, and foreign income tax payables and receivables are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for entities that file separate income tax returns and make direct payments to taxing authorities. Prior to the Kenvue IPO, U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax payables and receivables for entities that were included in the filing of a combined, consolidated, or group income tax return with J&J were deemed settled with J&J and were included in “Net Investment from J&J.” Management establishes valuation allowances on deferred tax assets when it is determined to be “more likely than not” that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. Management considers positive and negative evidence in evaluating our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, including our historical results, forecasts of future ability to realize our deferred tax assets, and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction- basis. We have unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. We follow U.S. GAAP, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The estimates for these positions are regularly assessed based upon all available information. These estimates may be revised in the future and such changes may result in a material additional expense or benefit to our financial results or our effective tax rate. In the United States, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“TCJA”) includes provisions for Global Intangible Income (“GILTI”). GILTI is described as the excess of a U.S. shareholder’s total net foreign income over a deemed return on tangible assets, as provided by the TCJA. In January 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance that allowed companies to elect as an accounting policy whether to record the tax effects of GILTI in the period the tax liability is generated (i.e., “period cost”) or to provide for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to basis differences that exist at the balance sheet date and are expected to affect the amount of GILTI inclusion in future years upon reversal (i.e., “deferred method”). We previously followed J&J’s accounting policy to consider the deferred tax effects of GILTI. Effective in the fiscal three months 64 ended October 1, 2023, the Company changed the accounting principle for GILTI from the deferred approach to the period cost approach. We entered into a tax matters agreement with J&J in connection with the Separation. For more information on the Tax Matters Agreement, see Note 12, “Relationship with J&J—Transactions with J&J, Including the Separation Agreement,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein and our 2024 Proxy Statement. See Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Income Taxes,” and Note 14, “Income Taxes,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information regarding income taxes. See Note 14, “Income Taxes,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for the Company’s analysis on material changes in tax law. Intangible Assets and Goodwill Intangible Assets Not Subject to Amortization A significant portion of our intangible assets relates to trademarks and trade names that have an indefinite useful life. We the useful life determination for our trademarks and trade names each year to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but are subjected to annual tests of impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that assets may be impaired. We have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the quantitative intangible asset impairment test is necessary. We may bypass the qualitative assessment in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. As part of our qualitative assessment, we consider several factors including macroeconomics conditions (including changes in interest rates and discount rates), the recent and projected financial performance of our tested brands, significant changes in the specific market or regulatory environment in which we operate that would change the position of our products in the marketplace, pending litigation, and other factors, including the results of our last quantitative assessment. When performing the quantitative impairment assessment, we compare the estimated fair value of our trademarks and trade names to their carrying amounts as of the test date, which is on the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter. We estimate the fair value of trademarks and trade names based on an income approach using the method. This valuation requires significant judgments and estimates by management regarding several key inputs, including future cash flows consistent with management’s plans, sales growth rates, the selection of royalty rates, and a discount rate. As the fair value measurements required to estimate the fair value of the trademarks and trade names are based on significant inputs not observable in the market, they represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization Our intangible assets (primarily trademarks, trade names, and customers lists) are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We the useful life determinations for intangible assets annually to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to their remaining useful lives. Our intangible assets are subjected to a test of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When assessing for potential indicators of impairment, we consider several factors including any adverse changes in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of an asset, any adverse changes in the extent or manner in which an asset is used or is expected to be used, and current or forecasted reductions in net sales, operating income, or cash flows associated with the use of an asset. If any indicators of impairment are present, the asset group is tested for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the asset group. If the net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset group, we then perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset group, and record an impairment, if any. 65 Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized but is subjected to annual tests of impairment at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that goodwill may be impaired. We have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary. We may bypass the qualitative assessment in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative assessment. When assessing for potential indicators of impairment, we consider several factors including macroeconomic industry and market conditions, significant adverse shifts in the operating environment or manner in which assets are used, and pending litigation. When performing the quantitative assessment, we compare the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units to their carrying value as of the test date, which is on the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter. The fair value of a reporting unit refers to the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants. We estimate the fair value of a reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model. The discounted cash flow model relies on assumptions regarding revenue and net income growth rates, projected working capital needs, capital expenditures, and discount rates. To estimate fair value, we discount the forecasted cash flows of each reporting unit. The discount rate we use represents the estimated cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk involved in the reporting unit’s operations and the rate of return a market participant would expect to earn. The quantitative fair value test is performed utilizing growth rates and discount rates applied to the estimated cash flows in estimation of fair value. To forecast a reporting unit’s cash flows, we take into consideration economic conditions and trends, estimated future operating results, management’s projections, a market participant’s view of growth rates and product lives, and anticipated future economic conditions. Revenue growth rates inherent in these forecasts are based on input from internal and external market research that compare factors such as growth in global economies, recent industry trends, and product lifecycles. Macroeconomic factors such as changes in global economies, changes in the competitive landscape, changes in government legislation, product lifecycles, industry consolidations, and other changes beyond our control could have a positive or negative impact on achieving its targets. Accordingly, if market conditions deteriorate, or if we are unable to execute our strategies, it may be necessary to record impairment charges in the future. As the fair value measurements required to estimate the fair value of our reporting units are based on significant inputs not observable in the market, they represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. See Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” and Note 4, “Intangible Assets and Goodwill,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information regarding intangible assets and goodwill. Compensation We recognize compensation costs related to awards granted ratably over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period of the award, based on the estimated grant date fair value of the awards. The grant date fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the grant date using the option valuation model. The inputs used in determining the grant date fair value are the expected volatility, expected dividend yield, rate, and expected term. The grant date fair value of each restricted stock unit (“RSU”) granted is equivalent to the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the grant date. We grant performance stock units (“PSUs”), including those with both performance vesting conditions and vesting conditions (the “Performance PSUs”). The grant date fair value of each Performance PSU granted, inclusive of the fair value associated with the achievement of the specified performance metrics and the relative total shareholder return goal, is estimated on the grant date using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The inputs used in determining the grant fate fair value are the length of the performance period, the rate, and the stock prices, correlations, and expected volatility of the Company and the firms in the selected peer group. The payout of the Performance PSUs is assessed by determining the achievement of the specified performance metrics as well as by comparing the Company’s total shareholder return (“TSR”) during a period to the respective TSR of companies in a selected performance peer group. Given the requirement to meet certain defined performance and market criteria, the recipient of a Performance PSU may earn a total payout ranging from 0% to 200% of the target award. 66 During the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023, we granted PSUs that have a singular market condition (the “Market PSUs”). The grant date fair value of each Market PSU granted, inclusive of the fair value associated with the relative total shareholder return goal, was estimated on the grant date using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The inputs used in determining the grant date fair value were the length of the performance period, the rate, and the stock prices, correlations, and expected volatility of the Company and the firms in the selected peer group. The payout of the Market PSUs awards is assessed by comparing the Company’s TSR during a period to the respective TSR of companies in a selected performance peer group. Given the requirement to meet certain defined market criteria, the recipient of a Market PSU may earn a total payout ranging from 0% to 200% of the target award. For all awards, the original estimate of the grant date fair value is not subsequently revised unless the awards are modified. The Company accounts for forfeitures during the period in which they occur. See Note 11, “ Compensation,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information on awards granted by Kenvue. Recent Accounting Standards See Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Recent Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for a description of recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted and their anticipated impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Information Baby Powder Transition On August 11, 2022, we announced the commercial decision to transition to an all baby powder portfolio. As a result of this transition, Johnson’s ® Baby Powder was discontinued globally in 2023. Johnson’s ® Baby Powder was previously discontinued during 2020 in certain markets, including the United States and Canada. The impact of this change did not have a significant impact on our results of operations. Deferred Markets Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, in order to ensure compliance with applicable law, to obtain necessary governmental approvals and other consents, and for other business reasons, we and J&J deferred certain transfers of assets and assumptions of liabilities of businesses in certain .S. jurisdictions, including China, Malaysia, and Russia, until after the completion of the Kenvue IPO. On September 11, 2023, J&J transferred the equity interests in the majority of the Deferred Legal Entities (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) to the Company that previously had been consolidated as Variable Interest Entities in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Consolidated Financial Statements included herein include businesses in all jurisdictions in which we operate following the completion of the Separation, including any Deferred Local Business (as defined in Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). For more information regarding Deferred Local Businesses, see Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Relationship with J&J—The transfer of certain assets and liabilities from J&J to us contemplated by the Separation has not been completed and may be significantly delayed or not occur at all,” and Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. Provision For Taxes On December 15, 2022, the EU Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which g enerally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Development (“OECD”) Pillar Two Inclusive Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. The EU effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. On July 17, 2023, the OECD published Administrative Guidance proposing certain safe harbors that effectively extend certain effective dates to January 1, 2027. The OECD continues to release additional guidance, including guidance on safe harbors for which we may qualify, and many countries have already implemented legislation consistent with the OECD Pillar Two Framework. Due to these new rules, our provision for taxes could be unfavorably impacted as the legislation becomes effective in countries in which we conduct business. However, based on our current analysis, currently enacted laws for Pillar Two do not have a significant impact on the Consolidated Financial 67 Statements . We are continuing to evaluate the Model Global Erosion Rules for Pillar Two and related legislation, and their potential impact on future periods. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Foreign Currency Risk The global nature of our operations (particularly, the EU, China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Brazil, and India), both in the manufacture and sale of our products, results in foreign currency exposure to our financial statements. Because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to the impact of movements in currency exchange rates on revenue and expenses. A hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in the average exchange rate used to translate Net income for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024 from local currencies to U.S. dollars would result in a decline in Net income of approximately $83 million. We manage the impact of foreign exchange rate translation and transaction exposures through operational means and the use of derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contracts and cross currency swap contracts. The derivative financial instruments are utilized as risk management tools and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and cross currency swap contracts is sensitive to changes in foreign currency rates. As of December 29, 2024, a hypothetical 10% unfavorable change in exchange rates would result in an unrealized loss of approximately $187 million associated with the change in the fair value of the forward foreign exchange contracts and the cross currency swap contracts. Gains or losses on these contracts are generally offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows. Inflation Risk Inflationary pressures have increased in recent years, and may increase in the future the costs of raw materials, packaging components, and other inputs for our products. Since 2021, we have experienced, and we may in the future experience, higher than expected inflation, including escalating transportation, commodity, and other supply chain costs and disruptions that have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our results of operations. During 2023 and 2024, we partially offset the impact of prior inflationary increases through price increases, in addition to continued supply chain optimization initiatives. However, if our costs continue to be subject to inflationary pressures, we may not be able to offset the higher costs through price increases, achieve cost efficiencies, or otherwise manage the exposure through sourcing strategies, ongoing productivity initiatives, and the use of commodity hedging contracts, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Interest Rate Risk We are subject to interest rate risk related to our cash equivalents and marketable securities. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Interest rate risk is managed through the maintenance of a portfolio of variable and debt composed of and instruments. The objective is to maintain a mix that management deems appropriate. From time to time, we also hedge the anticipated issuance of debt, and those contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. As of December 29, 2024, our outstanding debt portfolio was comprised of primarily debt, and therefore, any fluctuation in market interest rate is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations. In connection with the Separation, we incurred approximately $9.0 billion of new debt pursuant to the Debt Financing Transactions. As of December 29, 2024, we have $7.7 billion of Senior Notes and $797 million of commercial paper issued under the Commercial Paper Program outstanding, net of related amortization of discounts and debt issuance costs. Our interest expense for any new floating rate debt we may incur in the future, including under the Revolving Credit Facility, could be exposed to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including the monetary and tax policies of the United States and other countries, market and economic factors, and other factors beyond our control. Beginning in the fiscal three months ended January 1, 2023, we entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements in contemplation of securing financing for the Separation or for other financing purposes in the event the 68 Separation did not occur. In connection with the Senior Notes offering, the interest rate swap contracts were early terminated on a negotiated basis. See Note 16, “Fair Value Measurements,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. Commodity Price Risk We are exposed to commodity and other price risks, including from resins, silicon, pulp and corn derivatives, paper, agrochemicals, vegetable oils and oleochemicals; and other inputs, including energy, labor, transportation (such as trucks, containers, and ocean freight), and logistics services. We use various strategic pricing mechanisms to manage cost exposures on certain material purchases with the objective of obtaining appropriate costs for these commodities. Credit Risk We are exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to our receivables, including our customers. Concentrations of credit risk arising from receivables from customers are limited due to the diversity of our customers. We perform credit evaluations of our customers’ financial conditions and may also obtain collateral or other security as appropriate. Notwithstanding these efforts, current adverse macroeconomic factors across the global economy may increase the difficulty in collecting receivables. We are also exposed to the risk of credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to financial instrument contracts; however, nonperformance is considered unlikely and any nonperformance is unlikely to be material as it is our policy to contract with diverse, counterparties based upon both strong credit ratings and other credit considerations. 69 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 ) 71 Consolidated Balance Sheets 73 Consolidated Statements of Operations 74 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 75 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 76 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 77 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 78 70 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Kenvue Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kenvue Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 29, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 29, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 71 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue Recognition—U.S. Net Sales As described in Notes 1 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s net sales were $15.5 billion for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, of which, $6.7 billion is related to U.S. net sales. Management recognizes the revenue from these sales at a single point in time when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers, which can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer depending on the terms of the contract. Trade promotions, comprised of coupons, product listing allowances, cooperative advertising arrangements, incentive programs, as well as discounts to customers, rebates, sales incentives, and product returns, are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales in the same period as the related sale. The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to U.S. net sales revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company’s U.S. net sales revenue recognition. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the recording of U.S. net sales upon transfer of control to the customer, and controls over the recording of trade promotions. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating U.S. net sales revenue transactions by testing the issuance and settlement of invoices and credit memos, (ii) tracing transactions not settled to a detailed listing of accounts receivable, (iii) confirming a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances at fiscal year end, and obtaining and inspecting source documents, including invoices, sales contracts, shipping documents, proof of delivery, and subsequent cash receipts, where applicable, for confirmations not returned, (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, (v) testing trade promotions processed by the Company, on a sample basis, including evaluating those discounts for consistency with contractual terms of the Company’s programs, (vi) testing credit memos on a sample basis and (vii) testing a sample of unsettled trade promotions for completeness and accuracy. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Florham Park, New Jersey February 24, 2025 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021. 72 KENVUE INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data; Shares in Thousands) December 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,070 $ 1,382 Trade receivables, less allowances for credit losses ($ 26 and $ 25 as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 2,165 2,073 Inventories 1,591 1,851 Prepaid expenses and other receivables 494 567 Other current assets 205 265 Total current assets 5,525 6,138 Property, plant, and equipment, net 1,849 2,042 Intangible assets, net 8,474 9,619 Goodwill 8,843 9,271 Deferred taxes on income 184 158 Other assets 726 623 Total Assets 25,601 27,851 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current liabilities Loans and notes payable 1,552 599 Accounts payable 2,254 2,489 Accrued liabilities 1,132 1,456 Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions 727 795 Accrued taxes on income 74 142 Total current liabilities 5,739 5,481 debt 7,055 7,687 Deferred taxes on income 2,261 2,621 obligations 342 360 Other liabilities 536 491 Total liabilities 15,933 16,640 Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Stockholders’ Equity Preferred stock, $ 0.01 par value, 750,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 — — Common stock, $ 0.01 par value, 12,500,000 shares authorized; 1,924,977 and 1,913,768 shares issued and outstanding as of December 29, 2024, respectively; 1,915,407 and 1,915,057 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, respectively 19 19 Additional capital 16,130 16,147 Treasury stock, 11,208 and 350 shares at cost as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively ( 242 ) ( 7 ) (Accumulated deficit) Retained earnings ( 93 ) 429 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 6,146 ) ( 5,377 ) Total stockholders’ equity 9,668 11,211 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 25,601 $ 27,851 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 73 KENVUE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data; Shares in Millions) Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 January 1, 2023 Net sales $ 15,455 $ 15,444 $ 14,950 Cost of sales 6,496 6,801 6,665 Gross profit 8,959 8,643 8,285 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 6,329 6,141 5,633 Restructuring expenses 185 — — Impairment charges 578 — 12 Other operating expense (income), net 26 ( 10 ) ( 35 ) Operating income 1,841 2,512 2,675 Other expense, net 48 72 38 Interest expense, net 378 250 — Income before taxes 1,415 2,190 2,637 Provision for taxes 385 526 573 Net income $ 1,030 $ 1,664 $ 2,064 Net income per share Basic $ 0.54 $ 0.90 $ 1.20 Diluted $ 0.54 $ 0.90 $ 1.20 number of shares outstanding Basic 1,915 1,846 1,716 Diluted 1,923 1,850 1,716 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 74 KENVUE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollars in Millions) Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 January 1, 2023 Net income $ 1,030 $ 1,664 $ 2,064 Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes Foreign currency translation ( 783 ) 219 ( 1,045 ) Employee benefit plans: Prior service cost, net of amortization ( 2 ) 8 ( 1 ) Loss (gain), net of amortization 32 ( 101 ) 58 Effect of exchange rates 7 ( 9 ) 6 Net change 37 ( 102 ) 63 Derivatives and hedges: Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ( 6 ) 66 12 Amounts reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Operations ( 17 ) ( 28 ) ( 2 ) Net change ( 23 ) 38 10 Other comprehensive (loss) income ( 769 ) 155 ( 972 ) Comprehensive income $ 261 $ 1,819 $ 1,092 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 75 KENVUE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Dollars in Millions; Shares in Thousands) Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023 (1) Common Stock Additional Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Net Investment from J&J Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders’ Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 2, 2022 — $ — $ — — $ — $ — $ 24,974 $ ( 4,483 ) $ 20,491 Net income — — — — — — 2,064 — 2,064 Other comprehensive loss — — — — — — — ( 972 ) ( 972 ) Net transfers to J&J — — — — — — ( 1,750 ) — ( 1,750 ) compensation — — — — — — 137 — 137 Balance, January 1, 2023 — — — — — — 25,425 ( 5,455 ) 19,970 Net income — — — — — 1,195 469 — 1,664 Other comprehensive income — — — — — — — 155 155 Cash dividends on common stock — — — — — ( 766 ) — — ( 766 ) Net transfers to J&J — — — — — — ( 308 ) — ( 308 ) compensation — — 153 — — — 35 — 188 Distribution to J&J in connection with the Separation — — ( 13,788 ) — — — — — ( 13,788 ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the Kenvue IPO 1,914,894 19 4,222 — — — — — 4,241 Issuance of common stock under the Kenvue 2023 Plan, net 513 — 8 — — — — — 8 Purchase of treasury stock ( 350 ) — — 350 ( 7 ) — — — ( 7 ) Reclassification of Net Investment from J&J — — 25,712 — — — ( 25,712 ) — — adjustments — — ( 160 ) — — — 91 ( 77 ) ( 146 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 1,915,057 19 16,147 350 ( 7 ) 429 — ( 5,377 ) 11,211 Net income — — — — — 1,030 — — 1,030 Other comprehensive loss — — — — — — — ( 769 ) ( 769 ) Cash dividends on common stock — — — — — ( 1,552 ) — — ( 1,552 ) compensation — — 254 — — — — — 254 Issuance of common stock under the Kenvue 2023 Plan, net 9,569 — 69 — — — — — 69 Purchase of treasury stock ( 10,858 ) — — 10,858 ( 235 ) — — — ( 235 ) adjustments — — ( 340 ) — — — — — ( 340 ) Balance, December 29, 2024 1,913,768 $ 19 $ 16,130 11,208 $ ( 242 ) $ ( 93 ) $ — $ ( 6,146 ) $ 9,668 (1) Prior to April 4, 2023, the Company operated as a segment of J&J and not as a separate entity. The Company’s financial statements prior to April 4, 2023 were prepared on a combined basis and were derived from J&J’s historical consolidated financial statements and accounting records as if the Company had been operated on a standalone basis. See Note 1, “Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Basis of Presentation,” for more information. See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 76 KENVUE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in Millions) Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 January 1, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income $ 1,030 $ 1,664 $ 2,064 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities Depreciation and amortization 622 627 644 compensation 254 188 137 Deferred income taxes ( 285 ) ( 114 ) 180 Impairment charges 578 — 12 Losses (gains) on investments 72 7 ( 1 ) Other 69 ( 1 ) 14 Net changes in assets and liabilities Trade receivables ( 218 ) 44 ( 142 ) Inventories 182 349 ( 582 ) Other current and assets ( 17 ) ( 429 ) 119 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ( 536 ) 1,454 35 obligations 27 ( 78 ) 2 Accrued taxes on income ( 61 ) ( 331 ) ( 5 ) Other liabilities 52 ( 212 ) 48 Net cash flows from operating activities 1,769 3,168 2,525 Cash flows used in investing activities Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ( 434 ) ( 469 ) ( 375 ) Transfer of funds to J&J pursuant to the Facility Agreement — ( 8,941 ) — Proceeds from J&J upon repayment of the Facility Agreement — 8,941 — (Costs associated with) proceeds from sale of assets ( 6 ) 21 8 Other investing activities 15 ( 40 ) ( 23 ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ( 425 ) ( 488 ) ( 390 ) Cash flows used in financing activities Proceeds from (payments of) loans and notes payables 2 ( 14 ) 14 Proceeds from Commercial Paper Program, net of issuance cost 157 574 — Proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes, net of issuance cost — 7,686 — Proceeds from Kenvue IPO, net — 4,241 — Distribution to J&J in connection with the Separation — ( 13,788 ) — Dividends paid ( 1,552 ) ( 766 ) — Net transfers to J&J — ( 274 ) ( 1,597 ) Purchase of treasury stock ( 235 ) ( 7 ) — Other financing activities 63 ( 179 ) — Net cash flows used in financing activities ( 1,565 ) ( 2,527 ) ( 1,583 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ( 91 ) ( 2 ) ( 61 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 1,382 1,231 740 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ( 312 ) 151 491 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 1,070 $ 1,382 $ 1,231 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Net cash paid for income taxes (1) $ 810 $ 699 $ 316 Cash paid for interest $ 439 $ 224 $ — (1) Net cash paid includes payments to J&J under the Tax Matters Agreements (as defined in Note 12, “Relationship with J&J”) for income tax liabilities, which J&J has paid on the Company’s behalf IPO to the tax authorities. See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 77 KENVUE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of the Company and Business Segments Kenvue Inc. (“Kenvue” or the “Company”) is a consumer health company with iconic brands including Aveeno ® , ® Brand, Johnson’s ® , Listerine ® , Neutrogena ® , Tylenol ® , and Zyrtec ® . The Company is organized into three reportable business segments: Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health. The Self Care segment includes a broad product range such as pain care; cough, cold, and allergy; digestive health; smoking cessation; eye care; and other products. The Skin Health and Beauty segment is focused on face and body care, as well as hair, sun, and other products. The Essential Health segment includes oral care, baby care, women’s health, wound care, and other products. Kenvue was initially formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (“J&J”). In November 2021, J&J announced its intention to separate its Consumer Health segment (the “Consumer Health Business”) into a new, publicly traded company (the “Separation”). Prior to the Kenvue IPO (as defined below), the Company primarily represented J&J’s Consumer Health Business. The Company also included certain other product lines previously reported in another segment of J&J. On April 4, 2023, in connection with the Separation, J&J completed in all material respects the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health Business to the Company and its subsidiaries (such transfer, the “Consumer Health Business Transfer”), other than the transfer of certain Deferred Local Businesses (as defined below in “—Variable Interest Entities and Net Economic Benefit Arrangements”). On May 3, 2023, the registration statement related to the initial public offering of Kenvue’s common stock was declared effective, and on May 4, 2023, Kenvue’s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “KVUE” (the “Kenvue IPO”). On May 8, 2023, the Kenvue IPO was completed through the sale of 198,734,444 shares of common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, including the underwriters’ full exercise of their option to purchase 25,921,884 shares to cover , at an initial public offering price of $ 22 per share for net proceeds of $ 4.2 billion after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $ 131 million. On May 8, 2023, in conjunction with the Consumer Health Business Transfer, the Company distributed $ 13.8 billion to J&J from 1) the net proceeds received from the sale of the common stock in the Kenvue IPO, 2) the net proceeds received from the Debt Financing Transactions as defined in Note 5, “Borrowings—Commercial Paper Program,” and 3) any cash and cash equivalents in excess of the $ 1.17 billion retained by the Company immediately following the Kenvue IPO. As of the closing of the Kenvue IPO, J&J owned 1,716,160,000 shares of Kenvue common stock, or approximately 89.6 % of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock. On July 24, 2023, J&J announced an exchange offer (the “Exchange Offer”) under which its shareholders could exchange shares of J&J common stock for shares of Kenvue common stock owned by J&J. On August 23, 2023, J&J completed the Exchange Offer through which J&J accepted an aggregate of 190,955,435 shares of J&J common stock in exchange for 1,533,830,450 shares of Kenvue common stock, representing approximately 80.1 % of Kenvue’s outstanding common stock as of August 23, 2023. As a result, Kenvue became a fully independent company, and as of the completion of the Exchange Offer, J&J owned approximately 9.5 % of the outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock. On May 17, 2024, J&J completed an additional exchange offer (the “Debt for Equity Exchange”) through which J&J exchanged indebtedness of J&J for 182,329,550 shares of Kenvue common stock owned by J&J. Following the completion of the Debt for Equity Exchange, J&J no longer owned any shares of Kenvue common stock. Basis of Presentation Effective April 4, 2023, the Company’s financial statements are presented on a consolidated basis, as J&J completed the Consumer Health Business Transfer on such date. The audited financial statements for all periods presented, including the historical results of the Company prior to April 4, 2023, are referred to as the “Consolidated Financial Statements.” Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its affiliates and entities consolidated under the variable interest and voting models. During the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, the Company recorded adjustments primarily related to the Separation, which corrected an overstatement in Additional capital of $ 340 million, including the $ 84 million 78 ($ 65 million net of tax) related to certain cloud computing arrangements described below. This amount did not have an impact on the operating results for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024. The Company concluded that these adjustments were not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements for either the current period or prior periods. As of December 29, 2024, the Consolidated Balance Sheet reflects an adjustment for a change in classification from Property, plant, and equipment, net of $ 288 million to Other assets and Additional capital of $ 169 million and $ 84 million, respectively, related to certain cloud computing arrangements, net of amortization of $ 35 million. The Company concluded that this adjustment was not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements for either the current period or prior periods. Periods prior to the Consumer Health Business Transfer Prior to April 4, 2023, the Company operated as a segment of J&J and not as a separate entity. The Company’s financial statements prior to April 4, 2023 were prepared on a combined basis and were derived from J&J’s historical consolidated financial statements and accounting records as if the Company had been operated on a standalone basis. Prior to the Kenvue IPO, the Company relied on J&J’s corporate and other support functions. Therefore, certain corporate and shared costs were allocated to the Company including the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses that J&J’s management determined were specifically or primarily identifiable to the Company, as well as direct and indirect costs that were attributable to the operations of the Company. Indirect costs are the costs of support functions that were provided on a centralized or geographic basis by J&J and its affiliates, which included, but were not limited to, facilities, insurance, logistics, quality, compliance, finance, human resources, benefits administration, procurement support, information technology, legal, corporate strategy, corporate governance, other professional services, and general commercial support functions. Indirect costs were allocated to the Company for the purposes of preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements prior to the Kenvue IPO, based on a specific identification basis or, when specific identification was not practicable, a proportional cost allocation method, primarily based on Net sales, headcount, or other allocation methodologies that were considered to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or benefit received by the Company during the periods presented, depending on the nature of the services received. Management considers that such allocations were made on a reasonable basis consistent with benefits received but may not necessarily be indicative of the costs that would have been incurred if the Company had been operated on a standalone basis for the periods presented. Cash generated from the Company’s operations prior to April 4, 2023 was generally managed by J&J’s centralized treasury function and was swept into J&J and its affiliates’ bank accounts. Cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet represented balances in accounts specifically identifiable to the Company that were not swept into J&J and its affiliates’ bank accounts. J&J’s interest expense was not allocated for any of the periods prior to April 4, 2023 as the Company was not the legal obligor of the debt and the borrowings were not directly attributable to the Company’s operations. The Company’s equity balance in these financial statements prior to April 4, 2023 represents the excess of total assets over total liabilities. Equity was impacted by changes in comprehensive income and contributions from or to J&J prior to the Kenvue IPO, which was the result of treasury activities and net funding provided by or distributed to J&J. J&J calculated foreign currency translation on its consolidated assets and liabilities, which included assets and liabilities of the Company prior to April 4, 2023. Foreign currency translation recorded during the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023 was based on currency movements specific to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The income tax amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements prior to the Kenvue IPO have been calculated based on a separate return methodology and presented as if the Company’s operations were reported by separate taxpayers in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. See Note 14, “Income Taxes,” for further discussion. Prior to the Kenvue IPO, all transactions between the Company and J&J were considered to be effectively settled for cash in the Consolidated Financial Statements at the time the transaction was recorded. The effects of the settlement of these transactions between the Company and J&J were reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as “Net transfers to J&J” within financing activities, and in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity as “Net transfers to J&J.” Reclassifications Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current fiscal year presentation. 79 Use of Estimates The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenue and expenses during the periods reported. Estimates are used when accounting for, among other things, sales discounts, trade promotions, rebates, allowances and incentives, product liabilities, income taxes and related valuation allowances, withholding taxes, pensions, postretirement benefits, fair value of financial instruments, compensation assumptions, depreciation, amortization, employee benefits, contingencies, allocations of cost and expenses from J&J and its affiliates, and the valuation of goodwill, intangible assets, and liabilities. Actual results may or may not differ from those estimates. Economic Uncertainty Macroeconomic factors affect consumer spending patterns and thereby the Company’s operations. These factors include general economic conditions, inflation, consumer confidence, employment rates, business conditions, the availability of credit, interest rates, tax rates, and fuel and energy costs. Annual Closing Date The Company follows the concept of a fiscal year, which ends on the Sunday nearest to the end of the month of December. Normally, each fiscal year consists of 52 weeks; however, the fiscal year consists of 53 weeks every five or six years. For fiscal years which consist of 53 weeks, this results in additional shipping days, as was the case in fiscal year 2020, and will be the case again in fiscal year 2026. Fiscal year 2024 refers to the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024. Fiscal year 2023 refers to the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Fiscal year 2022 refers to the fiscal twelve months ended January 1, 2023. Reportable Segments The Company operates in the following reportable business segments: 1) Self Care, 2) Skin Health and Beauty, and 3) Essential Health. Cash and Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are included in the Company’s Cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Trade Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses Trade receivables, net are stated net of certain sales provisions and the allowance for credit losses. The Company estimates the current expected credit loss on its receivables based on various factors, including historical credit loss experience, customer , value of collaterals (if any), and any relevant current and reasonably supportable future economic factors. Trade receivable balances are written off against the allowance when it is deemed probable that the trade receivable will not be collected. A summary of the change in the allowance for credit losses during the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023 is presented below: Fiscal Twelve Months Ended (Dollars in Millions) December 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 January 1, 2023 Allowance for credit losses, beginning of period $ ( 25 ) $ ( 35 ) $ ( 32 ) Provision ( 6 ) ( 4 ) ( 9 ) Utilization 4 14 5 Currency translation adjustment 1 — 1 Allowance for credit losses, end of period $ ( 26 ) $ ( 25 ) $ ( 35 ) 80 Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are accounted for using the , method. Cost is determined on a standard cost basis that approximates the , method. Costs include direct materials, direct labor, and overhead costs. Property, Plant, and Equipment and Depreciation Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The Company utilizes the method of depreciation over the estimated useful lives. The approximate ranges for estimated useful lives are as follows: Machinery and equipment 2 – 13 years Buildings and building equipment 20 – 40 years Software 3 – 8 years Land improvements 10 – 20 years Upon retirement or other disposal of property, plant, and equipment, the costs and related amounts of accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts, respectively. The difference, if any, between the net asset value and the proceeds are recorded in Other operating expense (income), net. Capitalized Software software development costs are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 350-40, Software . The costs incurred in the preliminary stages of development are expensed as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage, internal and external costs incurred to develop software are capitalized. Capitalized software costs are amortized on a basis over the estimated useful life of the software when the software is ready for its intended use. Maintenance and enhancement costs, including those costs in the stages, are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements to the software that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized and amortized on a basis over the estimated useful life of the software. The Company reviews the carrying value for impairment whenever facts and circumstances exist that would suggest that assets might be impaired or that the useful lives should be modified. Intangible Assets Intangible assets are reported at cost, less accumulated amortization and impairments, as applicable. The Company amortizes intangible assets with a finite life over their respective useful lives on a basis. The estimated useful lives for patents, trademarks, and customer relationships range from 10 years to 40 years and for other intangibles ranges from 20 years to 40 years. The useful life for customer relationships is estimated based on various customer attributes including customer type, size, geography, length of relationships, and nature of relationships. Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but are subjected to annual tests of impairment on the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that assets may be impaired. The Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the quantitative intangible asset impairment test is necessary. If the Company determines the estimated fair value of the intangible asset is more likely than not greater than its carrying amount based on the results of the qualitative test, no additional testing is necessary. If the Company determines the estimated fair value of the intangible asset is more likely than not less than the carrying value based on the results of the qualitative test, a quantitative fair value test is performed. The Company may bypass the qualitative assessment in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative fair value test. If the Company determines the estimated fair value of the intangible asset is less than the carrying value based on the results of the quantitative fair value test, an intangible asset impairment charge will be recorded equal to the amount of the difference (up to the carrying value of the intangible asset). See Note 4, “Intangible Assets and Goodwill,” for more information on intangible assets. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets of businesses acquired. The Consolidated Balance Sheets reflect goodwill established based on past transactions allocated to the Company’s operations by J&J prior to the Kenvue IPO. Goodwill is not amortized but is subjected to annual tests of impairment at the reporting unit level 81 on the first day of the fiscal fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary. If the Company determines the estimated fair value of goodwill is more likely than not greater than its carrying amount based on the results of the qualitative test, no additional testing is necessary. If the Company determines the estimated fair value of goodwill is more likely than not less than the carrying value based on the results of the qualitative test, a quantitative fair value test is performed. The Company may bypass the qualitative assessment in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative fair value test. If the Company determines the estimated fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value based on the results of the quantitative fair value test, a goodwill impairment charge will be recorded equal to the amount of the difference (up to the carrying value of goodwill). See Note 4, “Intangible Assets and Goodwill,” for more information on goodwill. Impairment of Assets assets with finite lives are subjected to a test of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. If any indicators of impairment are present, the asset group is tested for recoverability by comparing the carrying value of the asset group to the net undiscounted future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset group, which includes the amount and timing of the projected future cash flows. If the net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset group, the Company then performs the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset group, and record an impairment, if any. If quoted market prices are not available, the Company estimates fair value using a discounted value of estimated future cash flows. Impairment charges for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024 and January 1, 2023 consisted of: Fiscal Twelve Months Ended (Dollars in Millions) December 29, 2024 January 1, 2023 Dr. ® asset impairment (1) $ 488 $ — Skillman fixed asset impairment (2) 68 — Other asset impairment (3) 22 12 Impairment charges $ 578 $ 12 (1) Represents the impairment charge recognized during the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024 in relation to Dr. ® assets. See “—Dr. ® Asset Impairment” below and Note 4, “Intangible Assets and Goodwill,” for more information. (2) Represents the impairment charge recorded during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 on the held for sale asset associated with the Company’s interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey. See “—Assets Held for Sale” below. (3) Represents the impairment charge recognized during the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024 related to certain software development assets and the impairment charge recognized during the fiscal twelve months ended January 1, 2023 related to certain trademarks deemed as irrecoverable. No impairments were recognized for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Dr. ® Asset Impairment During the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, there was a significant change in the senior leadership of the Dr. ® business, resulting in a new strategic plan with a key focus on increased expenses related to brand support designed to allow the brand to reach more consumers and appropriately address evolving market dynamics, including shifts in consumer sentiment in China as well as changing shopping patterns in the region. Following the change to the Company’s strategy for the brand, the Company made revisions to the internal forecasts relating to the Dr. ® asset group and concluded that the changes in circumstances, which impacted the forecasted cash flows in relation to this business, resulted in a triggering event, requiring an interim impairment review of the Dr. ® asset group. As a result of the interim impairment test, the Company concluded that the carrying value of assets of the asset group, consisting primarily of intangible assets, including trademarks and other intangibles, and property, plant, and equipment, exceeded their estimated fair value, resulting in impairment charges of $ 488 million recognized in the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, of which $ 463 million related to intangible assets and $ 25 million related to property, plant, and equipment. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Dr. ® asset group was $ 118 million. The Company estimated the fair value of the intangible assets within the Dr. ® asset group based on an income approach using the method. This valuation required significant judgments and estimates by management regarding several key inputs, including future cash flows consistent with management’s plans, sales growth rates, 82 the selection of royalty rates, and a discount rate. The Company selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts of cash flows specific to the remaining useful lives of the trademarks ranging from six to 15 years using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions and estimated growth rates. The Company utilized a discount rate of 8 %. As the fair value measurements were based on significant inputs not observable in the market, they represented Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. Assets Held for Sale The Company classifies assets as held for sale when: 1) management has committed to a plan to sell the assets, 2) the assets are available for immediate sale, 3) there is an active program to locate a buyer, and 4) the sale and transfer of the asset is probable within one year. On February 21, 2024, the Company listed its interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey for sale, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale at that date. The held for sale asset is measured at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. The results of the impairment test performed upon classification as held for sale indicated that the carrying value of the Skillman, New Jersey facility exceeded its estimated fair value less costs to sell by $ 68 million. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge equivalent to that amount within Impairment charges in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024. The fair value of the held for sale asset was determined utilizing sales pricing as an input. The inputs utilized in the analysis are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. The Company recorded the remaining asset held for sale balance related to the Skillman, New Jersey facility within Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 29, 2024. Debt Discounts and Premiums, Issuance Costs, and Deferred Financing Costs Discounts and debt issuance costs are presented as a reduction of debt and Loans and notes payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized as a component within Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the term on the related debt using the effective interest method. Financial Instruments The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Prior to the Kenvue IPO, the Company participated in J&J’s centralized hedging and offsetting programs. The effects of foreign currency derivatives were allocated to the Company based on the portion that was deemed to be associated with the Company’s operations. The Company uses various types of derivative financial instruments including forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate swaps, and cross currency interest rate swap contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of forecasted cash flows, changes in the fair value of intercompany debt attributable to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate risk related to future debt issuances, and foreign subsidiaries with local functional currency. As required by U.S. GAAP, all derivative instruments held by the Company are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Fair value is a measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative literature establishes a hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value, with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are recorded within Gain (Loss) on Derivatives and Hedges as a component of Other comprehensive (loss) income until the underlying transaction affects earnings and are then reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as net investment hedges are recorded within Currency Translation Adjustments (“CTA”) as a component of Other comprehensive (loss) income until the hedged investment is either sold or substantially liquidated and are then reclassified to earnings. Any changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded in Net income. The Company documents all relationships between hedged items and derivatives. The overall risk management strategy includes reasons for undertaking hedge transactions and entering into derivatives. See Note 16, “Fair Value Measurements,” for more information on financial instruments. 83 Defined Benefit Retirement Plans The Company’s defined benefit retirement plan costs are valued using actuarial valuations. The Company recognizes the funded or unfunded status of its defined benefit pension plans on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognizes changes in the funded status that are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost within Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes. The projected benefit obligation represents the actuarial present value of benefits expected to be paid upon an employee’s expected date of separation or retirement. Amounts related to the Company’s defined benefit pension plans are recorded based on estimates and assumptions. Factors used in developing estimates of these liabilities include, among other things, assumptions related to discount rates, rates of return on investments, healthcare cost trends, benefit payment patterns, and other factors. See Note 7, “Pensions,” for more information. Leases The Company determines whether an arrangement is a lease at contract inception by establishing if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant, or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. For operating leases, (“ROU”) assets are included in Other assets, and lease liabilities are included in Accrued liabilities and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For finance leases, ROU assets are included in Property, plant, and equipment, net, and lease liabilities are included in Loans and notes payable and debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The related lease expense for such leases is not significant. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of all minimum lease payments over the lease term. When the implicit rate of the lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate for leases entered into after the Separation based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Prior to the Separation, the Company used J&J’s incremental borrowing rate. The Company elected not to separate nonlease components from lease components; as such, lease and nonlease components are combined as a single lease component. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. These options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Operating lease expense is recognized on a basis over the lease term. For finance leases, amortization of the ROU asset is recognized on a basis over the shorter of the economic life of the asset or the lease term, and interest expense is recorded in connection with the lease liability using the effective interest rate method. See Note 8, “Leases,” for more information. Revenue Recognition The Company’s revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation to sell its products to customers. Revenue from the sale of products to customers is recognized at a single point in time when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers, which can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer depending on the terms of the contract. Net sales exclude taxes collected by the Company on behalf of governmental authorities. In addition, the Company has elected to account for shipping and handling activities as fulfillment costs and includes the shipping and handling fees charged to the customers as a part of the transaction price to be recognized when control of the product transfers. The Company’s global payment terms are typically between 30 to 90 days. Trade promotions, comprised of coupons, product listing allowances, cooperative advertising arrangements, incentive programs, as well as discounts to customers, rebates, sales incentives, and product returns, are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales in the same period as the related sale. To estimate variable consideration, the Company may apply both the “expected value” method and the “most likely amount” method based on the form of variable consideration, after considering which method would provide the best prediction of consideration to be received from the Company’s customers. The redemption cost of consumer coupons is based on historical redemption experience by product and value. incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period. The related liability is recognized within Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sales returns are almost exclusively not resalable. The reserves related to sales returns are recorded at full sales value and are estimated based on historical sales and returns information. 84 See Note 18, “Segments of Business and Geographic Areas,” for disaggregation of Net sales. Net Income Per Share The Company determines Net income per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the number of shares outstanding for the applicable period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the number of shares plus the effect of dilutive potential shares outstanding for the applicable period using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential shares include shares from awards and have been excluded where their inclusion would be . Costs The Company and J&J incurred certain costs in the establishment of Kenvue as a standalone public company (“ costs”). Costs incurred by the Company and those costs that were incurred by J&J prior to April 4, 2023 determined to be for the benefit of the Company were included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These costs were $ 296 million, $ 468 million, and $ 213 million for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, respectively. The costs are included in Cost of sales and Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Advertising Advertising expenses worldwide, which comprised television, radio, print media, and digital advertising, were $ 1,635 million, $ 1,349 million, and $ 1,356 million for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, respectively, and are included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Shipping and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs, which includes costs for shipping, handling, and distribution, were $ 505 million, $ 508 million, and $ 547 million for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, respectively, and are included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Product Liability Accruals for product liability claims are recorded, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing information and actuarially determined estimates, where applicable. The accruals are adjusted periodically as additional information becomes available. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. To the extent adverse verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. Research and Development Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred and included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Research and development costs were $ 408 million, $ 399 million, and $ 375 million for the fiscal twelve months ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, and January 1, 2023, respectively. Income Taxes Income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current fiscal year and include the results of any differences between U.S. GAAP accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. The Company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. Future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities. U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax payables and receivables are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for entities that file separate income tax returns and make direct payments to taxing authorities. Prior to the Kenvue IPO, U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax payables and receivables for entities that file a combined, consolidated, or group income tax return with J&J were deemed settled with J&J and were included in “Net Investment from J&J.” 85 Management establishes valuation allowances on deferred tax assets when it is determined to be “more likely than not” that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. Management considers positive and negative evidence in evaluating the Company’s ability to realize its deferred tax assets, including its historical results, forecasts of future ability to realize deferred tax assets, and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction- basis. The Company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. The Company follows U.S. GAAP which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and

[truncated]