BETA Close X Foxtons Group plc announced on April 1, 2026, the grant of nil cost options under its 2020 Restricted Share Plan to its Chief Executive Officer, Guy Gittins, for 1,073,394 ordinary shares, and to its Chief Financial Officer, Chris Hough, for 688,073 ordinary shares. These awards, calculated based on an average share price of 43.60 pence, are subject to a three-year vesting period and a subsequent two-year holding period, with potential adjustments based on performance. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 01 April 2026 1 April 2026 Foxtons Group plc ("the Company") Grant of Awards under the Foxtons Group plc 2020 Restricted Share Plan Notification and public disclosure of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and persons closely associated with them On 1 April 2026, the following awards were granted over the Company's Ordinary £0.01 shares under the Foxtons Group plc 2020 Restricted Share Plan ("RSP") to certain directors / persons discharging managerial responsibility ("PDMRs") of the Company. These Awards are in respect of the annual Restricted Share Plan grant as set out in the Remuneration Policy approved by shareholders. Name Position Number of Ordinary Shares under RSP Award Option Price Guy Gittins Chief Executive Officer 1,073,394 £Nil Chris Hough Chief Financial Officer 688,073 £Nil No consideration was paid for the grant of the RSP Awards which are structured as nil cost options. The number of Ordinary Shares granted under each RSP Award has been calculated using an Ordinary Share price of 43.60 pence per share being the average of the closing share prices over the three Dealing Days preceding the date of grant. The normal vesting date of the RSP Awards will be 1 April 2029, being the third anniversary of the award date. Once vested, the RSP Awards will normally be exercisable until the day before the tenth anniversary of the award date. The RSP Awards are subject to a two-year holding period commencing on vesting. The RSP Awards will ordinarily vest after three years subject to the grantee's continued service and a discretionary underpin that allows the Remuneration Committee to make adjustments to the level of vesting if the Committee believes due to business performance, individual performance or wider Company considerations that the vesting should be adjusted. The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation For further information contact: Foxtons Group plc Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations +44 (0)20 7893 6261 investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk Foxtons Group plc ("the Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Guy Gittins 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CEO b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Foxtons Group plc b) LEI 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each GB00BCKFY513 b) Nature of transaction Grant of nil cost option under the Foxtons Group plc 2020 Restricted Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 1,073,394 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 1 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Chris Hough 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CFO b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Foxtons Group plc b) LEI 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each GB00BCKFY513 b) Nature of transaction Grant of nil cost option under the Foxtons Group plc 2020 Restricted Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 688,073 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 1 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue For further information contact: Foxtons Group plc MUFG Corporate Governance Limited Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations +44 (0)333 300 1932 +44 (0)20 7893 6261 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago SSE 1 hour ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and