BETA Close X Foxtons Group plc announced that CEO Guy Gittins received 959,440 ordinary shares following the vesting of awards under the 2020 Restricted Share Plan, with 850,825 shares withheld to cover tax liabilities. The total award was 1,810,265 shares, and these are being satisfied by releasing shares from treasury rather than through market sales. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 22 May 2026 22 May 2026 Foxtons Group plc ("the Company") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") and persons closely associated with them Following the vesting of awards over the Company's Ordinary £0.01 shares granted on 1 April 2022 and 1 April 2023 under the Foxtons Group plc 2020 Restricted Share Plan ("Vesting"), Guy Gittins was entitled to receive a total of 1,810,265 ordinary shares. However, 850,825 ordinary shares were withheld to satisfy tax liabilities arising from Vesting. The awards are being satisfied by releasing the net number of shares from treasury and no shares will be sold in the market. Accordingly, 959,440 ordinary shares are being released from treasury and delivered to Guy Gittins. The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Guy Gittins 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status CEO b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Foxtons Group plc b) LEI 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 4A Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each GB00BCKFY513 b) Nature of transaction Vesting of awards under the Foxtons Group plc 2020 Restricted Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 1,810,265 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 21 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 4B Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of £0.01 each GB00BCKFY513 b) Nature of transaction Withholding of ordinary shares to satisfy tax liabilities arising on vesting of share awards (net settlement) c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 850,825 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A single transaction e) Date of the transaction 21 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue For further information contact: Foxtons Group plc MUFG Corporate Governance Limited, Company Secretary Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations +44 (0)333 300 1932 +44 (0)20 7893 6261 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago SSE 1 hour ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and