Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 23 September 2026 Foxtons Group plc Four regional Lettings-focused acquisitions to augment growth 23 September 2026 - Foxtons Group plc (LSE: FOXT) ("the Group" or "Foxtons") today announces four acquisitions; Maguire Jackson and Davidson Estates in Birmingham, Warren Anthony in Watford, and a further lettings portfolio in the Reading area (together, the "Acquisitions"). The Acquisitions expand the Group's presence in the strategically important market of Birmingham, and build on the successful platforms established in Watford and Reading over the last two years. Terms and financial impact · Initial consideration of £4.8m on a cash free, debt-free basis, with a further £1.2m of deferred and contingent consideration subject to performance. The Acquisitions are funded through the Group's RCF. · Total unaudited revenue of £3.2m reported across the four acquisitions in their most recent financial years. · The Acquisitions are expected to be earnings accretive from FY2027 onwards and deliver returns on invested capital in line with the Group's 20% target as synergies are delivered. · The Group retains headroom within its existing RCF for further acquisitions and remains within its stated leverage target range. Background and strategic rationale Foxtons has a strong record of acquiring and integrating high-quality businesses to grow recurring Lettings revenues and deliver attractive returns. The Acquisitions increase scale across Birmingham, Watford, and the Reading area. Supported by the Foxtons Operating Platform, the enlarged businesses are expected to support further organic growth and additional bolt-on acquisitions. Birmingham Foxtons entered Birmingham in January 2026 through the acquisition of FleetMilne, establishing a platform in one of the UK's largest residential property markets. The Group has identified Birmingham as an important market with strong long-term potential, supported by extensive redevelopment and increasing connectivity with London. The acquisitions of Maguire Jackson and Davidson Estates, two well-established single-office lettings businesses, increase the Group's scale in Birmingham and demonstrate progress against that strategy. Maguire Jackson adds scale in central Birmingham, strengthening Foxtons' position and cementing the Group as a leading lettings agent in the market. Established more than 22 years ago, it is one of Birmingham's longer-established specialist city centre residential agents. Davidson Estates is a multi-award-winning business which further expands Foxtons into Edgbaston, one of Birmingham's most established and highest-value residential markets. Later this year, the Group intends to bring its Birmingham operations together under the Foxtons brand, leveraging strong brand awareness to support future organic growth initiatives. Watford and Reading In Watford, Warren Anthony will be integrated into Foxtons' Watford platform, formerly Imagine Property Group. Foxtons has now acquired three of the leading independent lettings agents in Watford, creating a market-leading position. In the Reading area, the acquired lettings portfolio will be integrated into the Group's existing network, further strengthening the Group's position in this high value commuter market. Guy Gittins, Chief Executive Officer, said: "We entered the strategically important Birmingham market earlier this year, establishing a foothold in the UK's second largest city and creating a hub from which to grow across the wider region. The acquisitions of Maguire Jackson and Davidson Estates demonstrate the progress we are making to build scale in Birmingham, a city with strong long-term fundamentals, a growing economy, excellent connectivity and a deep, resilient rental market. "Later this year, we'll bring our Birmingham operations together under the Foxtons brand, as we build our presence outside of London. Our brand and industry-leading operating platform have been key drivers of growth, and we see a significant opportunity to build further scale in the region. "Our acquisitions model is delivering elsewhere too: two further acquisitions in Watford and the Reading area build on the successful integrations of the Imagine Property Group and Haslams over the past couple of years, both of which continue to deliver strong returns. "We continue to see a strong level of acquisition opportunities and remain focused on high-quality, lettings-focused businesses that strengthen our existing operations, grow recurring Lettings revenues and deliver attractive returns for shareholders." For further information, please contact: Foxtons Group plc Chris Hough, Chief Financial Officer Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk +44 20 7893 6261 Cardew Group Olivia Rosser / William Baldwin-Charles Foxtons@cardewgroup.com + 44 7552 864 250 / +44 7834 524 833 About Founded in 1981, Foxtons is London's leading estate agency brand and the UK's largest lettings agency brand. The Group operates from a network of branches in London and complementary, high growth markets, offering a range of residential property services across three business segments: Lettings, Sales and Financial Services. The Group's strategy to accelerate growth is focused on non-cyclical and recurring revenues from Lettings, supplemented by growth in Sales and Financial Services. This growth is underpinned by its key competitive advantage, the Foxtons Operating Platform, which comprises unrivalled and market-leading technology and data capabilities, its brand, unique hub and spoke model and its performance-led and inclusive culture. The business has four strategic priorities: · Lettings organic growth : driving portfolio growth by strengthening customer acquisition and retention, alongside enhancing margins through cross-selling high-value services. · Lettings acquisitions : acquire, integrate and service high-quality lettings portfolios. · Sales growth : increasing market share by growing the share of property instructions and improving conversion rates, whilst driving profitability through enhanced productivity. · Financial Services growth : improving scale and cross-sell to drive revenue growth. To find out more, please visit www.foxtonsgroup.co.uk LEI: 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago ActiveOps 37 minutes ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 1 hour ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) 1 hour ago Prudential All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and