BETA Close X Foxtons Group plc has experienced a challenging trading period, with the sales market impacted by political uncertainty and higher interest rates, leading to lower transaction volumes. The lettings market saw approximately £3m of revenue reversed due to increased tenancy terminations following the Renters' Rights Act, though the company anticipates medium-term growth opportunities from this legislation. Financial Services revenue grew due to stronger refinance and resilient mortgage revenues. The Group expects first-half adjusted operating profit to be £8.5m, down from £12.3m in the prior year, and forecasts full-year adjusted operating profit between £17m and £19m, with £4.5m in annualised cost savings achieved. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 16 July 2026 Foxtons Group plc Trading Update 16 July 2026 - Foxtons Group plc (LSE: FOXT) ("the Group" or "Foxtons") provides the following trading update ahead of the announcement of its half-year results on 30 July 2026. Since the Group's Q1 trading update on 23 April 2026, trading has been adversely impacted by the prolonged downturn in the sales market, as well as short-term volatility in the lettings market following the introduction of the Renters' Rights Act ("RRA") in May. Lettings Following the introduction of the RRA, which abolished fixed tenancy terms and increased tenant flexibility to terminate tenancies, the Group experienced elevated levels of tenancy terminations during May and June, particularly in student rentals. This resulted in the reversal of approximately £3m of previously recognised revenue that had been contractually due. Despite some short-term volatility whilst the lettings market transitions to the new legislative framework, the Group remains confident that the RRA will create growth opportunities over the medium term through increasing demand for professional lettings and property management services. Sales The sales market has become more challenging, as domestic political uncertainty and conflict in the Middle East have contributed to weaker consumer confidence and a higher-than-expected interest rate environment, resulting in lower market transaction volumes. In anticipation of a prolonged lower transaction volume environment, the Group has taken proactive steps to align the Sales business with market conditions, with further operational and organisational changes under consideration. Financial Services Financial Services delivered revenue growth driven by stronger refinance volumes, increased ancillary cross-sell, and resilient new purchase mortgage revenues. Outlook Notwithstanding 2026 being a year of transition for the sector due to the introduction of the RRA, the lettings market remains resilient, reinforcing the Group's focus on this market. The sales market is expected to remain subdued amid ongoing political uncertainty and a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. The Group has delivered £4.5m of annualised cost savings in H1. This includes £3.0m from a proactive cost-reduction programme in response to sales market headwinds, and builds on £1.5m of savings delivered from the January 2026 HQ relocation which largely mitigated National Insurance cost increases and other inflationary pressures. Against a strong H1 2025 comparator, that was boosted by elevated sales activity ahead of the March 2025 stamp duty deadline, the Group expects to report H1 2026 adjusted operating profit of approximately £8.5m (H1 2025: £12.3m). Full year adjusted operating profit is anticipated to be H2 weighted, reflecting the seasonality of Lettings revenues and a normalisation in tenancy termination levels. As a result, we expect full year 2026 Group adjusted operating profit to be in the range of £17m-£19m. The Group will be able to provide more detail when it announces its half-year results on 30 July 2026. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation. For further information, please contact: Foxtons Group plc Chris Hough, Chief Financial Officer investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations +44 20 7893 6261 Cardew Group Foxtons@cardewgroup.com Olivia Rosser / William Baldwin-Charles + 44 7552 864 250 / + 44 7834 524 833 About Founded in 1981, Foxtons is London's leading estate agency and largest lettings agency brand, with a portfolio of over 32,000 tenancies. The Group operates from a network of branches in London and complementary, high growth markets, offering a range of residential property services across three business segments: Lettings, Sales and Financial Services. The Group's strategy to accelerate growth is focused on non-cyclical and recurring revenues from Lettings, supplemented by growth in Sales and Financial Services. This growth is underpinned by its key competitive advantage, the Foxtons Operating Platform, which comprises unrivalled and market-leading technology and data capabilities, its brand, unique hub and spoke model and its performance-led and inclusive culture. The business has four strategic priorities: · Lettings organic growth : driving portfolio growth by strengthening customer acquisition and retention, alongside enhancing margins through cross-selling high-value services. · Lettings acquisitions : acquire, integrate and service high-quality lettings portfolios. · Sales growth : increasing market share by growing the share of property instructions and improving conversion rates, whilst driving profitability through enhanced productivity. · Financial Services growth : improving scale and cross-sell to drive revenue growth. To find out more, please visit www.foxtonsgroup.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 1 hour ago Getbusy 2 hours ago Currys 2 hours ago Helical 3 hours ago Gamma Communications All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and