BETA Close X Foxtons Group PLC has published its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts, following its full-year results released on March 5, 2026. The company has also issued the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, scheduled for May 7, 2026. Both the Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice are available on the Foxtons Group website and will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 01 April 2026 1 April 2026 FOXTONS GROUP PLC (the "Company" or "Foxtons") Annual Report and Accounts 2025 and Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 Foxtons Group plc (LSE: FOXT) announces that further to the release of its full year results on 5 March 2026, it has today published its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts. In addition, the Company announces that the 2026 Notice of Annual General Meeting (the "Notice") has been sent to shareholders. The AGM will be held at Building 12, Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5AN on Thursday 7 May 2026 at 10.00am. Copies of the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice are available to view on the Company's website at https://www.foxtonsgroup.co.uk/investor-relations/results-centre . They will also shortly be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . Copies of both documents are being posted or made available to the Company's shareholders today. LEI: 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 For further information, please contact: Foxtons Group plc Chris Hough, Chief Financial Officer Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk +44 20 7893 6261 Cardew Group Olivia Rosser / Will Baldwin-Charles Foxtons@cardewgroup.com + 44 7552 864 250/ + 44 7834 524 833 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 1 hour ago Getbusy 2 hours ago Currys 2 hours ago Helical 3 hours ago Gamma Communications All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and