BETA Close X Foxtons Group plc has acquired Birmingham-based FleetMilne for an initial consideration of £3.2 million, with an additional £0.8 million deferred and contingent on performance targets, funded by its revolving credit facility. FleetMilne reported unaudited revenue of £1.5 million and profit before tax of £0.2 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2025. This acquisition, which is expected to be earnings accretive from 2026, expands Foxtons' lettings business into the UK's second-largest city and aims for a 20% total return on investment in Birmingham over the medium term. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 21 January 2026 Foxtons Group plc Acquisition of Birmingham-based FleetMilne 21 January 2026 - Foxtons Group plc (LSE: FOXT) ("the Group" or "Foxtons") today announces the acquisition of FleetMilne (Birmingham) Limited ("FleetMilne" or "the acquisition"). The acquisition builds on the Group's strategy to grow non ‑ cyclical, recurring Lettings earnings whilst also expanding the Group's footprint into Birmingham, the UK's second largest city and a market with significant growth opportunities. Background and strategic rationale · FleetMilne is a high-quality, independent lettings agent with a leading market share position in central Birmingham. · The acquisition delivers further progress against the Group's strategy to acquire high-quality, earnings-accretive, lettings-focused businesses. Lettings accounts for c.95% of FleetMilne revenue. · The acquisition extends Foxtons' footprint into Birmingham, the UK's second largest city. Central Birmingham has undergone substantial redevelopment, with significant levels of New Homes and Build-to-Rent developments expected to be delivered over the medium-term. Connectivity with London continues to strengthen, with acceleration expected following the opening of the HS2 rail connection. · Supported by the industry-leading Foxtons Operating Platform, the acquisition is expected to deliver organic growth through revenue and cost synergies. In addition, FleetMilne will become Foxtons' hub in Birmingham and enable high ROI bolt-on acquisitions. Acquisition terms and financial impact · Initial consideration of £3.2m, with a further £0.8m deferred for 12 months and contingent on performance targets being met 1 . The acquisition is funded from the Group's existing revolving credit facility. · FleetMilne's unaudited total revenue and profit before tax for the 12 months ended 30 September 2025 was £1.5m and £0.2m respectively, before the delivery of any revenue or cost synergies. · The acquisition is expected to be accretive to the Group's earnings from 2026 onwards. Over the medium-term the Group is targeting a total return on investment of 20% in Birmingham, in line with its disciplined return targets. · The directors of FleetMilne will remain with the business post-acquisition to lead the next stage of growth under Foxtons' ownership. Guy Gittins, Chief Executive Officer, said: "This is a significant move for Foxtons as we expand outside of the London commuter belt for the first time. Our successful acquisitions in London's commuter towns have shown how our industry-leading platform can unlock value, making Birmingham - a major market with strong long‑term potential, supported by extensive redevelopment and increasing connectivity with London - a natural next step. "With the Foxtons Operating Platform behind it, FleetMilne provides a strong foundation for organic growth and enables further bolt‑on acquisitions as we build scale and deliver attractive returns. "FleetMilne has built an excellent reputation and is a natural fit for Foxtons as we continue to acquire high‑performing lettings businesses. I look forward to welcoming the FleetMilne team into Foxtons." Nicola Fleet-Milne, FleetMilne Managing Director, said: "Having built FleetMilne over the past 20 years into a leading lettings business in central Birmingham, it was important to find a partner who shared our ambition for the market and our commitment to outstanding service. Foxtons is the right partner for the next stage of our journey, and I am genuinely excited about what we can achieve together. "Foxtons' scale, technology and expertise will give us the tools to accelerate our growth in Birmingham and enhance the service we provide to landlords and tenants. I am looking forward to leading the business through this next chapter and unlocking the significant opportunities ahead." For further information, please contact: Foxtons Group plc Chris Hough, Chief Financial Officer Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk +44 20 7893 6261 Cardew Group Olivia Rosser / William Baldwin-Charles Foxtons@cardewgroup.com + 44 7552 864 250 / +44 7834 524 833 1 Up to £0.5m of further contingent consideration may be payable, subject to the successful delivery of new recurring revenues from specified Build-to-Rent developments. About Founded in 1981, Foxtons is London's leading estate agency and largest lettings agency brand, with a portfolio of over 32,000 tenancies. The Group operates from a network of interconnected branches in London and surrounding high growth commuter towns, offering a range of residential property services across three business segments: Lettings, Sales and Financial Services. The Group's strategy to accelerate growth is focused on non-cyclical and recurring revenues from Lettings and Financial Services refinance activities, supplemented by market share growth in Sales. This growth is underpinned by its key competitive advantage, the Foxtons Operating Platform, which comprises unrivalled and market leading technology and data capabilities, its brand, unique hub and spoke model and its performance-led and inclusive culture. The business has four strategic priorities: · Lettings organic growth : driving portfolio growth by strengthening customer acquisition and retention, alongside enhancing margins through cross-selling high-value services. · Lettings acquisitions : acquire, integrate and service high-quality lettings portfolios. · Sales growth : increasing market share by growing the share of property instructions and improving conversion rates, whilst driving profitability through enhanced productivity. · Financial Services growth : improving scale and cross-sell to drive revenue growth. To find out more, please visit www.foxtonsgroup.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 1 hour ago Getbusy 2 hours ago Currys 2 hours ago Helical 3 hours ago Gamma Communications All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and