BETA Close X Foxtons Group PLC announced the appointment of Farah Buckley as an Independent Non-Executive Director, effective June 1, 2026, bringing nearly 25 years of financial services experience, including roles at Hermes GPE and Adveq, with expertise in growth, innovation, and technology. Buckley will also succeed Rosie Shapland as Chair of the Audit, Risk and Governance Committee on August 1, 2026, following Shapland's retirement on July 31, 2026. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 26 May 2026 26 May 2026 Foxtons Group plc ("Foxtons" or the "Company") Directorate Changes The Board is pleased to announce the appointment of Farah Buckley as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, with effect from 1 June 2026. Farah brings almost 25 years of financial services experience spanning audit, M&A and board-level advisory roles. Her career has encompassed senior positions at asset manager Hermes GPE, where she served as Head of Investment Solutions, Swiss private equity investor Adveq, where she was Head of UK, and boutique corporate finance house McQueen. She brings considerable expertise in growth, innovation and strategy to the Board, with a particular focus on technology. Farah is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales having gained her ACA qualification at Deloitte, and holds a first-class Master's degree in Chemistry from the University of Oxford. She currently serves as a Non-Executive Director of Caledonia Investments plc, Leeds Building Society and Aurora UK Alpha plc. As previously announced on 9 February 2026, Rosie Shapland, Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit, Risk and Governance Committee, will retire from the Board on 31 July 2026. Farah will succeed Rosie as Chair of the Audit, Risk and Governance Committee with effect from 1 August 2026. Nigel Rich, Chairman of Foxtons, said: "Farah is a great addition to the Board and I am delighted to welcome her to the business. Farah brings a wealth of experience built over more than two decades in financial services, and her expertise in growth, innovation and strategy - with a particular focus on technology - will be invaluable as we pursue our strategy to drive growth. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to thank Rosie for her significant contribution over the years and wish her every success going forward." At the date of this announcement, Farah is a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee at Caledonia Investments plc and Aurora UK Alpha plc. The Company makes this announcement in accordance with UKLR 6.4.6. There are no other matters to be disclosed under UKLR 6.4.8. For further information about this announcement please contact: Foxtons Group plc investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk Chris Hough, Chief Financial Officer Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations +44 20 7893 6261 Cardew Group Olivia Rosser / Will Baldwin-Charles Foxtons@cardewgroup.com +44 7552 864 250 / +44 7834 524833 LEI: 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 1 hour ago Getbusy 2 hours ago Currys 2 hours ago Helical 3 hours ago Gamma Communications All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and