BETA Close X Foxtons Group plc announced that Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit Committee, Rosie Shapland, will retire following the publication of the company's Interim Results for the year ending 31 December 2026, after six years of service. The Board has initiated the recruitment process for a new Non-Executive Director and anticipates an orderly handover. Disclaimer* Foxtons Group PLC 09 February 2026 9 February 2026 Foxtons Group plc ("Foxtons" or the "Company") Board Change Foxtons announces that, Rosie Shapland, Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit Committee, will retire as a Director of the Company following the publication of the Company's Interim Results for the year ending 31 December 2026. The Board has commenced the recruitment process for a new Non-Executive Director and will make a further announcement as soon as practicable. An orderly handover is planned as part of the Non-Executive Director onboarding process. The Board would like to thank Rosie for her commitment and significant contribution to the Company over the last six years. For further information, please contact: Foxtons Group plc investor@foxtonsgroup.co.uk Chris Hough, Chief Financial Officer Muhammad Patel, Investor Relations +44 20 7893 6261 Cardew Group Will Baldwin-Charles / Olivia Rosser Foxtons@cardewgroup.com +44 7834 524833 / +44 7552 864 250 LEI: 5493001HCMG6R1MYKC59 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Foxtons Group (FOXT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 1 hour ago Getbusy 2 hours ago Currys 2 hours ago Helical 3 hours ago Gamma Communications All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and