AnnuAl RepoRt And Accounts
Foxtons Group plc
CONTENTS
STRATEGIC  
REPORT
1 2024 Highlights
2 About Us
4 Chairman’s Statement
6 Chief Executive’s Review
10 The London Property Market
12 Resilient Business Model 
14 Foxtons Operating Platform
16 Delivering Against Our Strategy 
18 Stakeholder Engagement 
22 Key Performance Indicators
24 Financial Review
32 Risk Management
34 Principal Risks and Uncertainties
38 Prospects and Viability
40 Responsible Business 
65 Non-financial Information and 
Sustainability  Statement
FINANCIAL  
STATEMENTS
128 Independent Auditor’s report to the 
Members of Foxtons Group plc
137 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
138 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
139 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
140 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
141 Notes to the Financial Statements
182 Parent Company Statement of Financial Position
183 Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity
184 Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements
INFORMATION FOR  
SHAREHOLDERS
186 Information for Shareholders
CORPORATE  
GOVERNANCE REPORT
66 Chairman’s Governance Introduction
68 Board of Directors
70 Executive Leadership Team
71 Corporate Governance Report
80 Nomination Committee Report
86 Environmental, Social and 
Governance  Committee  Report
89 Audit Committee Report
95 Directors' Remuneration Report
124 Directors’ Report
127 Directors’ Responsibilities Statement
1
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2024 HIGHLIGHTS
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
OTHER HIGHLIGHTS
NET FREE  
CASH FLOW2
£9.8  MILLION
2023: (£0.1) million 
REVENUE 
+11%
£163.9 MILLION
2023: £147.1 million 
ADJUSTED  
OPERATING PROFIT 1
+38%
£21.6 MILLION
2023: £15.7 million 
TOTAL DIVIDEND  
PER SHARE 
+30%
1.17 PENCE
2023: 0.9 pence 
PROFIT  
BEFORE TAX3
121%
£17.5 MILLION
2023: £7.9 million 
BASIC ADJUSTED  
EARNINGS PER SHARE 4
+47%
5.0 PENCE
2023: 3.4 pence 
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 
(Google rating as of 1/1/2025)
4.5 OUT OF 5
2023: 4.6 out of 5
LETTINGS  
MARKET SHARE 5
6.2%
2023: 6.0%
SALES  
MARKET SHARE 5
4.9%
2023: 4.1%
1 Adjusted Operating Profit is an alternative performance measure. Adjusted operating profit represents the profit before tax before amortisation of acquired intangibles, 
finance income, finance cost, other gains/(losses) and adjusted items. This definition has been revised for the 2024 financial results and now excludes the amortisation 
of acquired intangibles. Comparatives have been restated to the new definition to ensure a fair comparison across financial years. Refer to Note 2 of the financial 
statements for a reconciliation to statutory measures and purpose.
2 Net free cash flow is an alternative performance measure. Net free cash flow is net cash from operating activities less repayment of IFRS 16 lease liabilities and net cash 
generated/used in investing activities, excluding the acquisition of subsidiaries (net of any cash acquired) and purchase of investments as reconciled in Note 28 of the 
financial statements.
3 Profit before tax includes £0.3 million of adjusted item credits (2023: £4.5 million of adjusted item charges) and £2.1 million of amortisation of acquired intangibles 
(2023: £1.4 million). On an adjusted basis, adjusted profit before tax is up 40% to £19.2 million (2023: £13.8 million) as reconciled in Note 28 of the financial statements.
4 Adjusted earnings per share is an alternative performance measure. This definition has been revised for the 2024 financial results and now excludes the amortisation of 
acquired intangibles. Comparatives have been restated to the new definition to ensure a fair comparison across financial years. Refer to Note 9 of the financial 
statements for a reconciliation of adjusted earnings per share to statutory earnings per share. On a statutory basis, earnings per share is 4.6p (2023: 1.8p).
5 Lettings market share measured as share of lettings instruction volumes in Foxtons’ core addressable markets. Sales market share measured as share of sales exchange 
volumes in Foxtons’ core addressable markets. Source: TwentyCi.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 20242
FOXTONS – WE GET IT DONE
* Source: TwentyCI data, 2024 v 2023 market share and market growth of new instructions at brand level.
OUR PURPOSE
TO GET THE RIGHT DEAL DONE  FOR LONDON’S PROPERTY OWNERS
Read more about our purpose on  PAGE 66
OUR MISSION
TO BE LONDON'S GO-TO ESTATE AGENT
Founded in 1981, Foxtons started as a two-person estate agency in Notting Hill 
and established itself as an iconic estate agency brand. Today the Group operates 
from a network of interconnected branches providing a range of residential 
property services through our Lettings, Sales and Financial Services businesses. 
Lettings, which contributes around 65% of total revenue, is the largest part of 
the Group, delivering non-cyclical and recurring revenues from a portfolio of 
over 31,000 tenancies.
3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OUR 4 STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
SALES
MARKET SHARE GROWTH
FINANCIAL SERVICES
REVENUE GROWTH
OUR VALUES
INNOVATIVE PROFESSIONAL AMBITIOUS RELENTLESS AUTHORITATIVE
Read more about our values on  PAGE 58
Read more about our strategic priorities on  PAGES 16 AND 17
LETTINGS 
ACQUISITIVE GROWTH
LETTINGS 
ORGANIC GROWTH
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 20244
FOXTONS IS FIRMLY ON THE FRONT FOOT
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
2024 has been a year of continued progress for Foxtons, with our 
efforts focused on delivering improved financial performance and 
making progress against our strategic priorities following the steps 
taken in 2023 to strengthen the foundations of the business. Over 
the last two years we have made substantial strides in enhancing our 
technology, data capabilities, culture and brand positioning, all of 
which have contributed to strong revenue and earnings growth.
The business continues to benefit from a resilient revenue base, 
with approximately two thirds of the Group’s revenues coming 
from recurring and non-cyclical sources, primarily from Lettings. 
This shift has been supported by a series of lettings focused 
acquisitions which have been a key driver of earnings growth, 
created a more stable earnings profile and significantly reduced 
our exposure to the volatility of the sales market.
At the same time, we have remained focused on rebuilding market 
share in Sales, with operating losses reducing significantly in 2024. 
Continued progress towards sustained profitability in Sales remains a 
priority as we move into 2025, with market share growth remaining 
the key area of focus.
In October 2024 we completed two acquisitions in the commuter 
towns of Reading and Watford, reinforcing our growth trajectory and 
demonstrating that Foxtons is firmly on the front foot. In February 
2025, we acquired a second Watford lettings business, Marshall 
Vizard, which will be earnings accretive in 2025 and builds upon our 
market leading position in Watford. 
MARKET AND FINANCIALS
The lettings market remained resilient in 2024, with supply and 
demand dynamics stabilising after a period of imbalance in prior 
years. Volumes in the sales market also saw signs of improvement, as 
lower interest rates underpinned improving buyer demand in our core 
markets. This supported improved London exchange volumes in 2024 
versus 2023, albeit below the 10-year historical average.
Revenue increased 11% to £163.9 million, reflecting growth across 
all areas of the business. Adjusted operating profit, excluding 
amortisation of acquired intangibles, increased 38% to £21.6 million, 
with profit growth outpacing revenue, demonstrating the operating 
leverage within the Foxtons model.
The Group returned to cash generation in 2024, with £9.8 million  
of net free cash flow (2023: (£0.1 million)) reflecting underlying  
cash generation and normalised working capital movements.  
After £12.7 million of acquisition spend and £2.8 million of  
dividends, net debt at 31 December 2024 stood at £12.7 million 
 (2023: £6.8 million net debt).
To support the Group’s continued organic and acquisitive growth 
strategies, the Board increased and extended the revolving credit 
facility in May 2024. The facility was expanded from £20 million to 
£30 million and extended by one year to June 2027, with an option for 
a further one-year extension. The facility also includes a £10 million 
accordion option, which can be drawn upon with bank approval.
The revolving credit facility supported the acquisitions of Haslams 
and Imagine in 2024 and with an increased facility and a return to 
cash generation, we are in a strong position to continue to progress 
our acquisition strategy, as demonstrated last week through the 
acquisition of Marshall Vizard.
COST BASE
Like many people-based businesses, the Government’s planned 
April 2025 increase in employer’s national insurance contributions 
will increase our cost base. The impact is estimated at £2 million 
per annum, which we expect to mitigate with the incremental profit 
that will be generated by the two October 2024 acquisitions, by 
continuing to improve fee earner productivity and by proactively 
managing costs.
We continue to engage with the landlord of our Chiswick Park 
headquarters to explore options to surrender a portion of our office 
space with a view to generating meaningful cost savings ahead of 
the September 2027 lease end date. This ability to downsize our 
headquarters is now possible through better utilising our branch 
network and building out a lower-cost property management hub 
outside of London.
CULTURE
As a sales-focused business, we are firmly focused on building a 
high-performance culture which inspires all of our people to deliver 
the very best results for our customers and each other. The Board is 
acutely focused on building this culture within an environment which 
is inclusive, professional and respectful. 
We have made substantial strides  
in enhancing our technology, data 
capabilities, culture and brand 
positioning, all of which have 
contributed to strong revenue  
and earnings growth.”
Nigel Rich CBE Chairman
5
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Board takes this very seriously and monitors culture through a 
variety of mechanisms, including reviewing employee engagement 
surveys, visiting branches, non-executive directors attending each 
Employee Engagement Committee meeting, and monitoring a range 
of culture performance indicators. 
Guy has been instrumental in bringing cultural change to Foxtons, 
and with a clear tone from the top, he has made changes to create 
a more respectful and inclusive environment which attracts, retains 
and motivates the Foxtons team. 2024 saw a number of culture 
enhancing initiatives rolled out, including mandatory annual 
respect and inclusion training, enhancing the Group’s speak up 
processes and relaunching the Group’s employee value proposition. 
Although significant steps have been taken to enhance our culture, 
we are determined to continue improving, build on the work to date, 
and this will remain a key area of focus throughout 2025.
RENTAL MARKET REFORM
The proposed Renters’ Rights Bill, set to take effect in 2025, is 
progressing through Parliament. While we support many initiatives, 
we have raised concerns about recent changes, specifically the ban on 
upfront rental payments which could harm lower-income tenants, the 
international student market, and drive talent away from London and 
the UK. We will continue to engage with the Government and provide 
a constructive point of view. We believe Foxtons is well-positioned to 
seize opportunities as landlords seek professional lettings agents to 
navigate the changing regulations.
DIVIDENDS
With a strong earnings profile and clear growth ambitions, the Board 
is maintaining its progressive dividend policy, balancing capital 
returns to investors with reinvestment in the business.
For 2025, the Board is proposing a final dividend of 0.95p per share, 
bringing total dividends declared for 2024 to 1.17p, representing a 
30% increase on the prior year.
OUTLOOK
Sales market conditions are continuing to improve, particularly in 
the volume segment where Foxtons holds a leading share, creating a 
supportive backdrop for the next phase of growth. The Group remains 
on track to deliver against the medium-term target of £28 million 
to £33 million adjusted operating profit, despite £2 million of 
additional national insurance costs per annum, reflecting the 
strength of our core operations and diversified revenue streams. 
Recent acquisitions in key commuter towns have further expanded 
our footprint, enhancing our growth potential. We remain confident 
in our ability to deliver long-term value for shareholders, employees, 
and customers alike.
Nigel Rich CBE
Chairman  
4 March 2025
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 20246
GUY GITTINS ON GETTING IT DONE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW
2024 has been a year of significant progress for Foxtons, reinforcing 
our position as London’s leading estate agency and the UK’s largest 
lettings brand. Despite an evolving macroeconomic environment, 
we delivered strong financial and operational results, with revenue 
growth of 11% and adjusted operating profit growth of 38%. 
This performance reflects the execution of our transformation 
strategy and the resilience of our business model.
We’ve continued to invest in the capabilities of our industry-leading 
Foxtons Operating Platform, driving improvements in efficiency, 
customer service, and employee productivity. Investments in key 
areas such as culture, technology, data and brand have enhanced our 
ability to serve customers while increasing market share across our 
business segments.
We have made further strategic progress in 2024, particularly in 
Lettings, where we have delivered organic portfolio growth and 
delivered strong returns through our acquisition strategy which 
provide a platform for future organic growth and synergistic value 
creation. In Sales, enhancements to lead generation, customer 
service, and staff productivity drove double-digit market share 
growth and we entered 2025 with an under-offer pipeline at its 
highest level since 2016.
Additionally, in 2024 we completed two acquisitions, expanding  
our reach into the high-growth markets of Watford and Reading. 
These acquisitions align with our strategic objective of adding  
high-quality, earnings-accretive lettings businesses to our portfolio 
while unlocking new growth opportunities. Last week, we acquired 
Marshall Vizard, a lettings business in Watford, which will be 
integrated into the newly created, Foxtons branded hub as we 
extend our market leading position.
At the start of 2023, I outlined a vision to re-establish Foxtons 
as London’s go-to agent and, to ensure we held ourselves fully 
accountable to this vision, I also set a number of medium-term 
growth targets. Over the past two years, we have successfully 
rebuilt the Group’s competitive advantages, and in 2024, we saw 
real momentum in each of our businesses. With a strong operational 
foundation in place, we are well positioned to capitalise on further 
opportunities in 2025 enabling us to deliver on our growth targets.
2024 MARKET CONDITIONS
The London lettings market remained resilient in 2024, supported 
by sustained tenant demand and an increase in available rental 
stock. As a result, the supply and demand imbalance that had driven 
sharp rental price increases in prior years reduced towards historical 
norms. Rental prices in the market were broadly flat over the year, 
while higher stock levels enabled Foxtons to deliver organic portfolio 
growth, which will drive future revenue expansion. Looking ahead, we 
expect this more stable market environment to persist into 2025, with 
rental price growth likely to track inflation over the medium term.
The sales market experienced some recovery from the depressed 
levels of 2023, as improved macroeconomic stability and declining 
interest rates supported growth in buyer demand over the year. 
Annual transaction volumes in London increased by 9%, reflecting this 
increased demand, with a notable divergence between the first and 
second halves of the year. In H1, sales volumes were broadly in line with 
2023, while H2 saw a 16% increase in transaction activity, with the 
volume market (up to £1 million price range), which is where Foxtons 
primarily operates, being the most active and resilient part of the 
market. Given the typical three-to-four-month timescale for property 
transactions to complete, some of this increased demand will flow into 
early 2025, and is reflected in our under-offer pipeline entering the 
year, which was at its highest level since the Brexit vote in 2016.
Despite the change in government in 2024, market conditions 
remained stable over the year. Unlike previous election years, the 
General Election in June had minimal impact on the sales market, 
and the Chancellor’s Autumn Budget introduced no material policy 
changes affecting the property market, although the Government did 
confirm the first-time buyer stamp duty relief will end at the end of 
March 2025.
On the regulatory front, the Government is advancing the Renters’ 
Rights Bill, largely continuing the legislative framework proposed by 
the prior administration. While we support several elements of the 
Bill, we recognise that ongoing regulatory changes may introduce 
short-term uncertainty for landlords. Our focus remains on ensuring 
our customers—both landlords and tenants—are well-informed and 
positioned to navigate any potential market impacts. As the industry 
becomes increasingly complex, landlords are likely to place greater 
reliance on large, professional lettings agents, reinforcing Foxtons’ 
competitive advantage.
2024 has been a year of significant 
progress for Foxtons, reinforcing  
our position as London’s leading  
estate agency and the UK’s largest 
lettings brand.”
Guy Gittins Chief Executive Officer
7
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FINANCIAL RESULTS 
Foxtons delivered strong financial performance in 2024 driven by 
continued operational improvements and growth in each business. 
Revenue for the year was up 11% to £163.9 million, adjusted 
operating profit up 38% to £21.6 million and profit before tax up 
121% to £17.5 million. 
Lettings
Lettings revenue increased by 5% or £4.8 million to £106.0 million, 
with acquisitions contributing £4.3 million of incremental revenue 
alongside £1.0 million of additional interest on client monies. 
Organic revenue was broadly flat as strong new business growth 
and increased property management revenues, were offset by an 
expected temporary reduction in the volume of existing tenancies 
re-transacting following longer tenancy terms signed in 2022 and 
2023. Lettings adjusted operating profit margin remained strong at 
26% (2023: 27%).
Operational improvements, including improved brand visibility, 
enhanced data capabilities, and proactive customer acquisition 
strategies, supported strong landlord retention and incremental 
growth in revenue per landlord. We recognise customer service is key 
to delivering long term growth, to this end we embedded a real-time 
customer satisfaction feedback system, enabling us to gather valuable 
and actionable insights across various customer segments and refine 
our processes to better align with customer expectations.
Sales
Sales revenue increased by 31% to £48.6 million, supported by  
a 20% increase in market share and a modest 10% recovery in 
transaction volumes.
Significant operational upgrades, including enhancements to 
instruction generation, fee earner productivity, and cross-selling  
of ancillary services, underpinned our market outperformance.  
The adjusted operating loss in Sales reduced by 58% to £4.1 million. 
This improvement reflects the growing productivity of the fee earner 
investments made in 2023, delivering tangible results throughout 
the year. With the right number of fee earners now in the business 
and significantly better fee earner retention rates, supported by 
improving market conditions, the Sales business now has a clear path 
to profitability. 
Financial Services
Financial Services revenue grew by 6% to £9.3 million, benefiting 
from both operational improvements supporting market share 
growth and improved mortgage market conditions. Adjusted 
operating profit increased 74% to £1.1 million.
Under a new Managing Director, who joined in January 2024, a full 
operational review of the business has been completed. Key initiatives 
included process upgrades, enhanced cross-selling from the estate 
agency business, and the implementation of a new data suite to 
support a KPI-driven performance culture. These efforts drove an 11% 
increase in revenue per adviser and an 8% rise in deals per adviser.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 20248
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REVIEW CONTINUED
Brand
Foxtons continues to be one of the most recognised brands in 
London, and 2024 saw the revitalisation of our customer-facing 
marketing strategy. We launched a series of thematic campaigns, 
such as ‘Ready, Set, Foxtons’, designed to boost engagement and 
reinforce our unique market position. These campaigns drive organic 
growth and enhanced customer brand perception levels.
Acquisitions
Finally, we expanded our footprint into the commuter towns of 
Reading and Watford, through the acquisition of two high-quality, 
lettings focused businesses in October 2024. Both businesses are 
the leading independent agent in their markets and will act as hubs 
to deliver long term growth through organic growth and further 
synergistic bolt-on acquisitions. 
We have already started to increase our Watford presence through 
the February 2025 acquisition of Marshall Vizard making Foxtons 
the clear market leader. With demand for lettings on the rise in 
both Reading and Watford, this expansion aligns with our goal of 
increasing our portfolio of recurring lettings revenues and further 
decoupling Group earnings from sales market volatility.
CONTINUED DELIVERY AGAINST OUR STRATEGIC 
PRIORITIES AND TARGETS
In March 2023, I presented four strategic priorities which underpin 
the delivery of our medium-term adjusted operating profit target. 
Over the last two years we set out to rebuild the Foxtons Operating 
Platform to drive change across a range of areas including culture, 
training, technology, data and brand. 
From 2024 onwards, in order to align with market practice, our 
adjusted operating profit target has been redefined to exclude 
the non-cash amortisation of acquired intangibles, resulting in 
the target range being restated by £3 million: £28 million to 
£33 million. Our 2024 adjusted operating profit of £21.6 million 
(2023: £15.7 million) reflects a materially improved contribution 
from Sales compared to 2023 and strong profit accretion from 
Lettings acquisitions.
OPERATIONAL PROGRESS
In 2024, we continued to make substantial strides in enhancing our 
performance, with a focus on lead generation, customer service, 
culture and team productivity. The continued evolution of the 
Foxtons Operating Platform continues to be key to our success and 
provides competitive advantage.
Culture and people
Estate agency is a people-first business, and maintaining an engaging, 
respectful and inclusive culture is of great importance. Creating an 
environment which attracts, motivates and retains outstanding 
talent and delivers excellent customer outcomes is critical to our 
success. Although significant progress has been made over the 
last two years, including delivering mandatory annual respect and 
inclusion training, improving ED&I policies, enhancing whistleblowing 
and speak up processes, there is always more we can and should do. 
Whilst significant progress has been made, we remain steadfast in 
our commitment to fostering an inclusive, professional and respectful 
working environment and we will continue to further improve and 
progress our culture.
A key milestone for us this year was the launch of our new employee 
value proposition, ‘Make it with us’. This initiative reflects two years 
of work to build a culture which fully aligns to our strategic priorities. 
The proposition includes an overhaul of our training programmes, 
a more robust recruitment process, the introduction of clear career 
development pathways, and a refreshed approach to rewards and 
recognition. Whist significant progress has been made, we remain 
steadfast in our commitment to fostering an inclusive, professional, 
respectful and high-performance culture where hard work and 
dedication are recognised and rewarded.
Technology and data
Our bespoke real-time productivity reporting system has been 
instrumental in driving greater transparency, highlighting best 
practices, and aligning individual performance with broader business 
goals. In 2024 we achieved an 8% increase in revenue per fee earner, 
a direct result of both our people strategy and improved technology 
and data systems. 
Technological advancements were another key driver of our 
operational success in 2024. We introduced an AI-driven lead-scoring 
platform across our branch network, complementing the system 
we launched in our customer prospecting centre in 2023. This has 
significantly boosted our lead generation efforts and driven higher 
instruction levels. We also enhanced our marketing capabilities 
with a new data and reporting suite that provides in-depth insights 
into campaign performance, improving customer targeting and 
maximising returns on marketing spend.
9
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Over the course of 2024, we have made good progress against the 
four strategic priorities, as set out below:
1. Lettings organic growth: 3.3% organic revenue CAGR since 2022 
reflecting good growth across 2023 and broadly flat revenues in 
2024 as growth in new business volumes and higher margin 
property management revenues offset an expected temporary 
reduction in the volume of existing tenancies re-transacting in 
2024, following longer tenancy terms signed across 2022 and 2023.
Medium-term target set in March 2023: 3% – 5% revenue CAGR.
2. Lettings acquisitions: Prior year bolt-on acquisitions continue to 
perform well, delivering over 26% average annual returns since 
acquisition. In 2024, the Group entered new commuter belt markets 
through the acquisition of two businesses which will act as strategic 
hubs in Reading and Watford. These hubs create new organic and 
non-organic growth opportunities, with the latter through 
subsequent bolt-on acquisitions. A return on capital higher than the 
Group’s weighted average cost of capital is targeted for the initial 
strategic hub investment, and a higher return on capital is targeted for 
subsequent bolt-on acquisitions that integrate into a strategic hub.
Medium-term target set in March 2023: 20%+ return on capital for 
bolt-on acquisitions.
3. Sales market share growth: Exceeded the target of 4.5%, 
growing sales exchange market share by 20% to 4.9% (2023: 4.1%). 
Continuing to build on this share level, combined with market 
volumes recovering to more normalised levels, will support the 
Sales business’ return to profitability.
Medium-term target set in March 2023: 4.5%+ exchange  
market share.
4. Financial Services revenue growth: 6% revenue growth in 2024 
as operational upgrades drove revenue growth through adviser 
productivity gains. The business’ foundations have been rebuilt and 
it is now well positioned to deliver further growth.
Medium-term target set in March 2023: 7% – 10% revenue CAGR.
2025 TRADING AND OUTLOOK
Lettings is expected to remain resilient with the business continuing 
to display strong non-cyclical and recurring characteristics. Tenant 
d

---

prise the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, notes to the financial statements, Parent Company 
Statement of Financial Position, Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity and notes to the Parent Company financial statements 
including material and significant accounting policy information.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the Group financial statements is applicable law and UK adopted 
international accounting standards. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the Parent Company financial 
statements is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure 
Framework (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice). 
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Our audit opinion is consistent with the 
additional report to the Audit Committee.
Independence
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by the Directors on 13 May 2020 to audit the financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement including retenders and 
reappointments is five years, covering the years ended 31 December 2020 to 31 December 2024. We remain independent of the Group and the 
Parent Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the 
FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. The non-audit services prohibited by that standard were not provided to the Group or the Parent Company. 
CONCLUSIONS RELATING TO GOING CONCERN
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of 
the financial statements is appropriate. Our evaluation of the Directors’ assessment of the Group and the Parent Company’s ability to continue 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included:
• An assessment of the appropriateness of the approach and model used by the Directors when performing their going concern assessment, 
including the following procedures:
• Subjecting the going concern model to checks of mechanical accuracy of the underlying formulae in both the base case and reverse 
stress test case;
• Confirmed the definition and basis of calculation of the financial covenants within the Revolving Credit Facility (‘RCF’) agreement. 
We checked the covenant compliance calculations included within the going concern assessment model to determine whether this 
was calculated accurately, and the Group complied with the financial covenants included within the RCF agreement, therefore 
supporting the availability of the facility throughout the going concern review period to August 2026 as assessed by management;
• Tested the underlying figures of the forecast by agreeing the opening cash and borrowings balances for 1 January 2025 to the closing 
audited balances as at 31 December 2024; 
• Considered and challenged management’s assessment of the potential impact of the Renters’ Rights Bill on the Group’s future cash 
flows in the going concern period; and 
• Considered the adequacy of disclosures made in respect of going concern considering the Directors’ going concern assessment (Note 1.7).
129
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
• An evaluation and challenge of the underlying data and key assumptions used to make the assessment (focussing on revenue growth rates, 
Group profitability and the timing and quantum of significant future cash flows). Challenge over assumptions included:
• Key assumptions (being; revenue growth and profitability) were challenged to supporting evidence and initiatives within the Group;
• Comparison of revenue growth estimates against market research (both corroborative and contradictory) to determine the 
reasonableness of the estimates used.
• Challenged the Directors on the accuracy of any significant non-profit cash flows and regular operating profit derived cash 
movements within the going concern model (including working capital, capital expenditure, taxes and acquisition consideration, and 
unwinding of accumulated contract assets for lettings revenue) by agreement to supporting documentation where available;
• Evaluation of the Directors’ historic forecasts against the achieved actuals for the year ended 31 December 2024 to establish the 
accuracy with which cash flows have been budgeted (together with assessment of previous years); and
• Assessing the accuracy of the point at which the reverse stress scenario is modelled with reference to covenant compliance and 
available headroom on the facility and the likelihood of the reverse stress test scenario occurring.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually or 
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least 
twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue. 
In relation to the Parent Company’s reporting on how it has applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add or 
draw attention to in relation to the Directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether the Directors considered it appropriate to 
adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilit

---

lan 23 – – – 13 (13) –
Balance at 31 December 2023 3,301 20,568 2,653 (12,092) 111,175 125,605
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024140
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Notes
2024 
£’000
2023 
£’000
Operating activities
Operating profit: 2 19,806 9,790
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 11,12 13,226 12,910
Amortisation of intangible assets 10 2,302 1,791
Net impairment of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 4 – 3,410
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 11 (37) 17
Gain on lease surrenders and lease modifications (556) (894)
Sub–lease asset impairment – 190
(Decrease)/increase in provisions (705) 422
Share incentive plans – tax settlements on behalf of employees (331) –
Share–based payment charges 27 1,549 1,036
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital 35,254 28,672
Increase in receivables and contract assets (2,916) (12,136)
(Decrease)/increase in payables and contract liabilities (2,004) 1,328
Cash generated by operations 30,334 17,864
Income taxes paid (5,587) (2,192)
Net cash from operating activities 24,747 15,672
Investing activities
Interest received 296 381
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment and assets held for sale 7,11 607 –
Purchases of property, plant and equipment 11 (1,106) (2,121)
Purchases of intangibles 10 (1,565) (1,495)
Proceeds on sale / (purchase) of investments 91 (25)
Acquisition of subsidiaries (net of cash acquired) 13 (12,704) (13,935)
Net cash used in investing activities (14,381) (17,195)
Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings 26,800 21,573
Repayment of borrowings (20,629) (10,681)
Dividends paid 8 (2,787) (2,725)
Interest on borrowings (536) (236)
Interest on lease liabilities 12 (2,065) (1,971)
Repayment of lease liabilities 12 (11,102) (10,554)
Sub–lease receipts 284 191
Purchase of own shares 23 – (1,112)
Net cash used in financing activities (10,035) (5,515)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 331 (7,038)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 4,989 12,027
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 5,320 4,989
141
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES, JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
1.1 General information
Foxtons Group plc (‘the Company’) is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006. 
The address of the Company’s registered office is Building One, Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5BE. 
The principal activity of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, ‘the Group’) is the provision of services to the residential 
property market in the UK.
These financial statements are presented in pounds sterling which is the currency of the primary economic environment in 
which the Group operates.
1.2 Compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards
The financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted International Accounting Standards 
and with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies reporting under those standards.
The accounting policies set out below have been applied in preparing the financial statements for the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 2024.
1.3 Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis as modified by items held at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for the assets.
1.4 Basis of consolidation
The financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company 
(its subsidiaries) made up to 31 December each year. Control is achieved where the Company has the power over the investee; 
is exposed, or has rights, to variable return from its involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power to affect 
its returns.
All intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.
1.5 Climate change
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors have considered the impact of climate change, particularly in the context 
of the climate-related risks identified in the Group’s Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. These considerations 
did not have a material impact on the financial reporting judgements and estimates in the current year. This reflects the 
conclusion that climate-related risks are not material to the Group and are not expected to have a significant impact on the 
Group’s short-term or medium-term cash flows including those considered in the going concern and viability assessments, 
impairment assessments of the carrying value of non-current assets and the estimates of future profitability used in our 
assessment of the recoverability of deferred tax assets.
1.6 Business combinations
The Group applies the acquisition method in accounting for business combinations. The consideration transferred by the Group 
to obtain control of a subsidiary is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred, liabilities 
incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group, which includes the fair value of any asset or liability arising from a 
contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred.
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are generally measured at their acquisition date fair values.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024142
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
1.7 Going concern
Going concern assessment
The financial statements of the Group have been prepared on a going concern basis as the Directors have satisfied themselves 
that, at the time of approving the financial statements, the Group will have adequate resources to continue in operation for a 
period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements. The assessment has taken into 
consideration the Group’s financial position, liquidity requirements, recent trading performance and th

---

tandard in relation to 
share-based payments, financial instruments, compensation of key management personnel, capital management, presentation of a 
cash flow statement, standards not yet effective and related party transactions.
Investments in subsidiary companies
Investments in subsidiaries are recognised at cost less provisions for impairment.
Going concern
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operation for a period of at 
least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements. The assessment has taken into consideration the Company’s 
financial position, liquidity requirements and reasonably possible changes in performance and outlook. Accordingly, the going 
concern basis has been adopted in preparing the financial statements. Refer to Note 1.7 for a full description of the Directors’ 
considerations made in respect to the Group’s going concern assessment.
31. LOSS FOR THE YEAR
As permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company has elected not to present its own income statement for the 
financial year. The Company’s loss for the year was £1.8 million (2023: loss of £0.8 million).
The Company has two employees at 31 December 2024 (2023: two).
The auditor’s remuneration for audit and other services is disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
32. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARY UNDERTAKINGS
Investments in subsidiary undertakings were as follows:
£’000
At 31 December 2022 38,354
Capital contribution arising from share–based payments 884
At 31 December 2023 39,238
Capital contribution arising from share–based payments 1,301
Capitalised inter–company balance 22,289
At 31 December 2024 62,828
During the year, the Company subscribed for 22,289,000 ordinary shares of £1.00 each in the capital of its subsidiary, Foxtons 
Intermediate Holdings Limited (‘FIHL’) paid for by way of settlement of the outstanding inter-company balance equal to 
£22,289,000 owed by FIHL to the Company.
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost, less any provision for impairment. The subsidiary undertakings, all of which are wholly 
owned and included in the consolidated accounts, are shown in Note 15 of the consolidated financial statements.
185
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES TO THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
33. OTHER RECEIVABLES
Amounts falling due after one year:
2024 
£’000
2023 
£’000
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings – 16,557
– 16,557
Amounts falling due within one year:
2024 
£’000
2023 
£’000
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings 19,183 25,179
Prepayments and accrued income 78 5
19,261 25,184
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand except for a loan receivable 
of £17.6 million (2023: £16.6 million). The loan was extended effective as of 26 February 2025 and matures on 1 March 2027. 
The facility incurs interest at 1.65% (2023: 1.5%) per annum above the base rate of the Bank of England.
34. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
Amounts falling due within one year:
2024 
£’000
2023 
£’000
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings (736) (2,782)
Accruals (1,212) (1,199)
(1,948) (3,981)
Amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024186
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS
COMPANY REGISTRATION NUMBER
07108742
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE
Foxtons Group plc, Building One, Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5BE
2025 Financial calendar
2024 financial year end 31 December 2024
Year–end trading update 28 January 2025 
Preliminary announcement 5 March 2025 
Publish Annual Report and Accounts March 2025 
First quarter trading update 23 April 2025 
Annual General Meeting 7 May 2025 
Interim period end 30 June 2025 
Announcement of interim results 30 July 2025 
Third quarter trading update 23 October 2025
CORPORATE WEBSITE
You can access the corporate website at www.foxtonsgroup.co.uk. The Foxtons Group plc website provides useful information including annual 
and half year reports, results announcements and presentations, share price data and financial news.
SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRES
For shareholder enquiries please contact our Registrars, MUFG Corporate Markets. For general enquiries please call MUFG’s Customer Support 
Centre on: 0371 664 0300 (lines are open between 09:00 – 17:30, Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales), or 
alternatively email: shareholderenquiries@cm.mpms.mufg.com.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
Help us to save paper and get your shareholder information quickly and securely by signing up to receive your shareholder communications by 
email. To register for electronic communications, visit www.foxtonsshares.co.uk. Please note, you will need your investor code, which can be 
found on your share certificate or your dividend tax voucher.
USEFUL CONTACTS
COMPANY SECRETARY
MUFG Corporate Governance Limited
Central Square 
29 Wellington Street 
Leeds 
LS1 4DL
REGISTRAR
MUFG Corporate Markets
Central Square 
29 Wellington Street 
Leeds 
LS1 4DL
LEGAL ADVISER
Dickson Minto
Broadgate Tower 
20 Primrose Street 
London 
EC2A 2EW
AUDITOR
BDO LLP
55 Baker Street 
London 
W1U 7EU
STOCKBROKERS
Deutsche Numis 
45 Gresham Street 
London  
EC2V 7BF 
Singer Capital Markets
1 Bartholomew Lane  
London 
EC2N 2AX
FINANCIAL PR ADVISER
Cardew Group
29 Lincoln’s Inn Fields 
London 
WC2A 3EG
FINANCIAL ADVISER
Rothschild & Co
New Court, St Swithin's Lane 
London 
EC4N 8AL
PRINCIPAL BANKER
Barclays Bank plc
Churchill Place 
Canary Wharf 
London 
E14 5HP
This report is printed on paper certified in accordance with the FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council®) 
and is recyclable and acid–free.
Pureprint Ltd is FSC certified and ISO 14001 certified showing that it is committed to all round 
excellence and improving environmental performance is an important part of this strategy.
Pureprint Ltd aims to reduce at source the effect its operations have on the environment and is 
committed to continual improvement, prevention of pollution and compliance with any legislation

---

ed based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax 
is charged or credited in the consolidated income statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited in other 
comprehensive income, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in other comprehensive income.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current 
tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its 
current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
1.11 Goodwill and goodwill impairment
Goodwill arising in a business combination is recognised as an asset at the date that control is acquired. Goodwill is measured 
as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the 
fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest (if any) in the entity over the net of the fair value of the identifiable 
assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least annually. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill 
is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs), or groups of CGUs as applicable, expected to benefit from 
the synergies of the combination. CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more 
frequently when there is an indication that the CGU may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its 
carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU 
and then to the other assets of the CGU pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the CGU. An impairment 
loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.
1.12 Other intangible assets
Development costs that are directly attributable to the design and testing of identifiable software products controlled 
by the Group are recognised as intangible assets when the project or process is technically and commercially feasible. 
Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the software product include the software development employee 
costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.
Intangible assets under construction represent the amount of expenditure recognised in the course of an asset’s construction. 
Amortisation of an asset is recognised from the time it is available for use.
Intangible assets, other than goodwill that are acquired by the Group (the acquired Foxtons brand, software and customer 
contracts), are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. The brand is considered to have an 
indefinite economic life because of the institutional nature of the brand and the Group’s commitment to develop and enhance 
its value. The carrying value of the brand is subject to an annual impairment review, and adjusted to its recoverable amount if 
required. Amortisation of customer contracts and software is included within other operating costs in the consolidated income 
statement, and is recognised on a straight-line basis as follows:
Customer contracts and relationships Estimated life of the contracts/relationships 
Software 20% straight-line 
1.13 Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recognised impairment loss.
Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than land and assets under construction) less their 
residual values over their useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:
Leasehold improvements Over the term of the lease (typical lease terms range from five years to 15 years) 
Fixtures, fittings and equipment Between 20% and 25% straight-line 
Motor vehicles 25% straight-line 
The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the 
effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
The gain or loss arising on the disposal or scrappage of an asset is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and 
the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated income statement.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024146
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
1.14 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets
At each balance sheet date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets (in relation to 
goodwill, refer to section 1.11 for details of the goodwill impairment policy) to determine whether there is any indication that 
those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated 
to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is tested for 
impairment at least annually and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated 
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of 
the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the 
asset (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in the consolidated  
income statement.
1.15 Leases
The Group as lessee
The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at inception of the contract. The Group recognises a right-of-use 
asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term 
leases (defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less) and

---

sed as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that 
triggers those payments occurs and are included in other operating costs in the consolidated income statement.
The Group as lessor
The Group acts as an intermediate sub-lessor for certain properties. The Group accounts for the head lease and the sublease as 
two separate contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising 
from the head lease.
Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Amounts due 
from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the amount of the Group’s net investment in the leases. 
Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net 
investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
147
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1.16 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and short-term bank deposits with an original maturity of three months or less.  
The carrying amount of these assets is equal to their fair value. Cash and cash equivalents excludes client monies since these 
funds belong to tenants (refer to Note 26 for details of the client monies held by the Group).
1.17 Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position when the 
Group becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
a) Financial assets
  The financial assets held by the Group are classified, at initial recognition, and subsequently measured at amortised cost 
or at fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI). All financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a 
trade date where the purchase or sale of the financial asset is under a contract whose terms require delivery of the 
financial asset within the timeframe established by the market concerned.
  The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics 
and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant 
financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs.
 For purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial assets held by the Group are classified in two categories:
• Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
• Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon 
derecognition (equity instruments)
  All financial assets, other than cash and cash equivalents and investments classified as fair value through OCI, are 
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method, except for short-term receivables when the 
recognition of interest would be immaterial, and are subject to impairment.
  Impairment of financial assets
  For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating expected credit losses 
(ECLs). Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on 
lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established an ECL model that is based on its historical credit 
loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking market factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment. 
Further information on the ECLs for trade receivables is given in Note 16. The ECLs against contract assets are measured 
through a consideration of historic rental defaults, adjusted for forward-looking market factors that align to those of the 
debtors' ECLs, and applied based on the expected year of maturity.
  Investments in unlisted shares
  On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election to designate investments in equity instruments as fair 
value through OCI (unless held for trading). The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.  
Gains and losses on these financial assets are recognised through OCI.
  Dividends on these investments are recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of 
payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of 
the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI.
 The Group recognises its non-listed equity investments as fair value through OCI.
b) Financial liabilities and equity
  Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of 
the contractual arrangement.
  Financial liabilities
  Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs and are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method, with interest expense recognised on an effective yield basis.
  The EIR method is used in calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and for allocating interest expense over the 
relevant period. The EIR is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments through the expected life of 
the financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition. The Group 
derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or expire.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024148
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the 
balance sheet date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured 
using t

---

a result of the effect of  
non-market-based vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the 
consolidated income statement such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding 
adjustment to equity reserves.
1.19 Alternative performance measures (APMs)
In reporting financial information the Group presents APMs which are not defined or specified under the requirements of 
IFRS. The Group believes that the presentation of APMs provides stakeholders with additional and helpful information on the 
performance of the business, but does not consider them to be a substitute for or superior to IFRS measures. APMs are also 
used to enhance the comparability of information between reporting periods, by adjusting for factors which affect IFRS 
measures, to aid users in understanding the Group’s performance. The Group’s APMs are defined, explained and reconciled 
to the nearest statutory measure within Notes 2 and 28.
Changes in APM definitions
During the financial year, the Board reviewed certain APM definitions and decided to exclude the amortisation of intangibles 
acquired in business combinations from profit measures. The amortisation charge is excluded since the incremental 
amortisation charge arising from acquired intangible assets is not considered when assessing the underlying trading 
performance of the Group/segments. The change also aligns the metric with generally accepted market practice.
As a result of this change, the following APMs have been redefined to exclude the amortisation of intangibles acquired in 
business combinations:
• Adjusted operating profit
• Adjusted operating profit margin
• Adjusted profit before tax
• Adjusted earnings per share
2023 comparatives have been restated as applicable under the revised definition to ensure a fair comparison. Refer to Note 28 
for further details of the restatement of the 2023 comparatives.
149
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Adjusted items
Adjusted operating profit, adjusted operating profit margin, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted profit before 
tax, adjusted earnings per share, exclude adjusted items. 
Adjusted items include costs or revenues which due to their size and incidence require separate disclosure in the financial 
statements to reflect management’s view of the underlying performance of the Group and allow comparability of performance 
from one period to another. Items include restructuring and impairment charges, significant acquisition costs and any other 
significant exceptional items. Refer to Note 4 for further information around the adjusted items recognised in the year.
1.20 Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the Directors are required to make judgements, estimates and 
assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be 
relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised 
in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future 
periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies
Critical accounting judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that are applied in the preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements are discussed below.
• Useful economic life of the brand intangible asset
The Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Foxtons Intermediate Holdings Limited on 30 March 2010. 
The Directors identified one material intangible asset: the Foxtons brand, which was deemed to have an indefinite life as there 
is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate cash inflows. This judgement continues to be 
appropriate noting the Group’s intention and the ability to maintain the brand intangible asset so that there is no foreseeable 
limit on the period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows. Refer to Note 10 for further consideration of 
the carrying value of the brand intangible asset.
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the balance sheet date, that have a 
significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial 
period, are discussed below.
• Impairment of intangibles with an indefinite life
Determining whether intangibles with an indefinite life are impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to 
which intangible assets with an indefinite life (i.e. the Foxtons brand) have been allocated. The value in use calculation requires 
management to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to 
calculate present value. The carrying amount of the Foxtons brand is £99 million. The key source of estimation uncertainty 
relates to the forecast cash flows used to determine the value in use. Sensitivity analysis is provided in Note 10.
• Contract asset expected credit loss provision
As disclosed in Note 19, the Group’s contract asset balance at 31 December 2024 is £24.2 million (2023: £19.0 million), of 
which £23.9 million (2023: £18.8 million) relates to unbilled Lettings commission. 
Under the requirements of IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’, management estimates an expected credit loss (ECL) provision to 
capture the recoverability risk of the gross unbilled Lettings commission. The Lettings contract asset provision is £2.5 million at 
31 December 2024 (2023: £1.6 million). The provision is estimated with reference to historical loss rates and forward-looking 
loss estim

---

£127.2 million 
(31 December 2023: £122.4 million). Neither this amount, nor the matching liabilities to the clients concerned, are included 
in the consolidated statement of financial position since these funds belong to clients. Foxtons Limited’s terms and conditions 
provide that any interest income received on these client monies accrues to the Company and is recognised in line with the 
accounting policy set out in Note 1.9.
Client monies are protected by the FSCS under which the government guarantees amounts up to £85,000 each. This guarantee 
applies to each individual client deposit, not the sum total on deposit.
27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
An IFRS 2 ‘Share-based payment’ income statement charge of £1.5 million (2023: £1.0 million) has been incurred in relation to 
the Group’s equity-settled share award schemes and the equity element of the Bonus Banking Plan (BBP). National Insurance 
contributions payable in connection with the schemes granted is treated as a cash-settled transaction, and is excluded from the 
income statement charge noted above. The amount credited to equity of £2.5 million (2023: £1.3 million) includes the IFRS 2 charge 
of £1.5 million (2023: £1.0 million) and tax on share-based payments of £0.9 million (2023: £0.2 million) (refer to Note 6). 
Equity-settled share award schemes
The Group had three equity-settled share award schemes in operation during the period.
a) Restricted Share Plan (RSP) Awards
The Company introduced the RSP awards in 2020 for Executive Directors and Senior Management. The awards have been made in 
the form of an option with a nil exercise price. The awards are subject to service conditions, vest over a three-year period, and the 
holding period subsequent to the vesting date is two years. If the awards remain unexercised after a period of ten years from the 
date of grant the awards expire. The treatment of leavers before awards vest is determined by good leaver/bad leaver provisions. 
A net income statement charge of £0.5 million has been incurred in relation to this scheme (2023: £0.3 million charge). 
During the year, 1,261,235 share awards (2023: 1,589,114) with a fair value of £0.6 million (2023: £0.6 million) were awarded. 
b) Salary Substitute Restricted Share Awards
The Company introduced salary substitute restricted share awards in 2022 for Executive Directors and Senior Management. 
The awards have been made in the form of an option with a nil exercise price. The awards are subject to service conditions, 
vest over a three-year period for Executive Directors and two years for Senior Management, with a two-year holding period 
for Executive Directors. If the awards remain unexercised after a period of ten years from the date of grant the awards expire. 
The treatment of leavers before awards vest is determined by good leaver/bad leaver provisions. A net income statement 
charge of £0.5 million has been incurred in relation to this scheme (2023: £0.3 million).
During the year, 1,446,418 share awards (2023: 1,593,751) with a fair value of £0.7 million (2023: £0.5 million) were awarded. 
c)  LTIP Buyout Award
Upon joining the business Guy Gittins, CEO, was awarded an LTIP buyout award to compensate for the forfeiture of incentive 
arrangements from his previous employer. The awards were granted on appointment as nil cost options that vest three years 
after the grant date in September 2025. The vesting of the award is subject to a performance requirement for the Foxtons share 
price to be at least 70p for any 30 consecutive days during the vesting period. If this condition is not met, the award will lapse in 
full. A net income statement charge of £0.3 million has been incurred in relation to this scheme (2023: £0.3 million). 
The inputs into the Monte Carlo models used in determining the fair value of the LTIP buyout award were as follows:
2022 
award 
Weighted average share price 35.40p
Weighted average exercise price 52.38p
Expected volatility 54.02%
Expected life 3 years
Risk-free rate 3.00%
Expected dividend yield 1.33%
Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the share price of comparable listed companies over the 
previous three years.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024178
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Outstanding share awards
Details of the share awards in relation to the RSP, the RSA, the LTIP buyout award and the legacy RSIP scheme outstanding during 
the year are as follows.
2024 2023
Number 
of share 
awards
Weighted 
average 
exercise 
price
Number  
of share  
awards
Weighted 
average 
exercise  
price
Outstanding at beginning of period 12,532,659 nil 9,464,881 nil
Granted during the period 2,707,653 nil 3,182,865 nil
Forfeited during the period – – (84,129) nil
Lapsed during the period – – – –
Exercised during the period (1,590,211) nil (30,960) nil
Outstanding at the end of the period 13,650,101 nil 12,532,657 nil
Exercisable at the end of the period 36,930 nil 938,243 nil
The awards outstanding at 31 December 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of eight years (2023: nine years). 
The entire balance of share awards outstanding at the end of the period have a nil cost exercise price (2023: £nil).
Employer’s National Insurance contributions are accrued, where applicable, at the rate of 15.0% (2023: 13.8%) which management 
expects to be the prevailing rate at the time the awards are exercised.
Equity-settled share bonus payment scheme
Bonus Banking Plan
In 2020 the Company introduced a performance-related bonus scheme, BBP, for Executive Directors whereby the bonus amount 
paid is based on a percentage of salary and is paid partly in cash and partly in shares. Bonuses are awarded in cash annually 
depending on the achievement of performance measures that are also determined annually. An income statement charge of 
£0.2 million has been incurred in relation to the equity component of this scheme (2023: £0.1 million). 
The BBP scheme runs in three-year performance cycles, with each cycle vesting over a four-year period in shares. A contribution  
will be made by the Company into the participant’s plan account following the

---

ified 
as a key source of estimation uncertainty. Sensitivity analysis is provided in Note 19.
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024150
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
2. BUSINESS AND GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENTS
Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenues
Management has determined the operating segments based on the monthly management pack reviewed by the Directors, which is 
used to assess both the performance of the business and to allocate resources within the entity. Management has identified that the 
Board is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (‘CODM’) in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 8 ‘Operating Segments’.
The operating and reportable segments of the Group are (i) Lettings; (ii) Sales; and (iii) Financial Services.
(i) Lettings generates commission from the letting and management of residential properties and income from interest earned 
on client monies.
(ii) Sales generates commission on sales of residential property.
(iii) Financial Services generates commission from the arrangement of mortgages and related products under contracts with 
financial service providers and receives administration fees from clients.
All revenue for the Group is generated from within the UK and there is no intra-group revenue.
Segment assets and liabilities, including depreciation, amortisation and additions to non-current assets, are not reported to the 
Directors on a segmental basis and are therefore not disclosed. Goodwill and intangible assets have been allocated to reportable 
segments as described in Note 10.
The segmental disclosures include two APMs as defined below. Further details of the APMs is provided in Note 28.
Contribution and contribution margin
Contribution is defined as revenue less direct operating costs (being salary costs of front office staff and costs of bad debt). 
Contribution margin is defined as contribution divided by revenue. These measures indicate the profitability and efficiency of the 
segments before the allocation of shared costs.
Adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating profit margin
Adjusted operating profit represents the profit before tax for the period before amortisation of acquired intangibles, adjusted items 
(defined in Note 1.19), finance income, finance cost and other gains/losses. Adjusted operating profit margin is defined as adjusted 
operating profit divided by revenue. As explained in Note 28, these measures are used by the Board to measure delivery against the 
Group’s strategic priorities, to allocate resource and to assess segmental performance. 
As explained in Note 1.19, the definitions of adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating profit margin have been updated in the 
year to exclude the amortisation of acquired intangibles. The 2023 comparatives (Group and segmental metrics) have been restated 
as detailed within this note to ensure a fair comparison.
151
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORTFINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Segment revenues and results
The following is an analysis of the Group’s continuing operations results by reportable segment for the year ended 
31 December 2024: 
Notes
Lettings
£’000
Sales
£’000
Financial
Services
£’000
 Corporate
costs
£’000
 Group
total
£’000
Revenue 106,030 48,565 9,332 n/a 163,927
Contribution 28 78,105 22,743 4,015 n/a 104,863
Contribution margin 28 73.7% 46.8% 43.0% n/a 64.0%
Adjusted operating profit/(loss) 28 27,158 (4,099) 1,135 (2,635) 21,559
Adjusted operating profit/(loss) margin 28 25.6% (8 .4%) 12.2% n/a 13.2%
Adjusted items 4 331
Amortisation of acquired intangibles 10 (2,084)
Operating profit 19,806
Other gains 260
Finance income 5 296
Finance cost 5 (2,877)
Profit before tax 17,485
Depreciation and amortisation
Lettings
£’000
Sales
£’000
Financial
Services
£’000
 Corporate
costs
£’000
 Group
total
£’000
Depreciation1 8,249 4,963 14 – 13,226
Amortisation from non-acquired intangibles 103 66 49 – 218
Amortisation from acquired intangibles 1,666 418 – – 2,084
Total 10,018 5,447 63 – 15,528
1 Total depreciation of £13.2 million consists of £2.5 million of property, plant and equipment depreciation (refer to Note 11) and £10.7 million of IFRS 16 
lease depreciation (refer to Note 12).
FOXTONS GROUP PLC   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2024152
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED
The following is an analysis of the Group’s continuing operations results by reportable segment for the year ended 31 December 2023: 
Notes
Lettings
£’000
Sales
£’000
Financial
Services
£’000
 Corporate
costs
£’000
 Group
total
£’000
Revenue 101,188 37,158 8,781 n/a 147,127
Contribution 28 75,381 14,455 3,410 n/a 93,246
Contribution margin 28 74.5% 38.9% 38.8% n/a 63.4%
Adjusted operating profit/ 
(loss) – restated1
28 27,148 (9,874) 654 (2,276) 15,652
Adjusted operating profit/ 
(loss) margin – restated1
28 26.8% (26.6%) 7.4% n/a 10.6%
Adjusted items 4 (4,466)
Amortisation of acquired intangibles 10 (1,396)
Operating profit 9,790
Finance income 5 381
Finance cost 5 (2,277)
Profit before tax 7,894
1  The adjusted operating profit/loss and adjusted operating profit/loss margin lines have been restated under the Group’s revised definitions of these 
measures which now both exclude the amortisation of acquired intangibles. Refer to Note 28 for further details including a reconciliation of the metrics 
under the revised definition versus the previous definition. 
Depreciation and amortisation
Lettings
£’000
Sales
£’000
Financial
Services
£’000
 Corporate
costs
£’000
 Group
total
£’000
Depreciation1 (8,080) (4,815) (15) – (12,910)
Amortisation from non-acquired intangibles (205) (130) (60) – (395)
Amortisation from acquired intangibles (1,315) (81) – – (1,396)
Total (9,600) (5,026) (75) – (14,701)
1 Total depreciation of £12.9 million consists of £2.4 million of property, plant and equipment depreciation (refer to Note 11) and £10.5 million of IFRS 16 
lease depreciation (refer to Note 12). 
3. INCOME AND EXPENSES
Profit for the year is stated after charging:
Notes
2024 
£’000
2023 
£’000
Short-term leases 12 915 1,438
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 11 2,542 2,399
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 12 10,684 1