Attock Refinery Plans $600M Upgrade, New Deep-Conversion Plant | BolNews Wednesday, October 7, 2026 Watch Live Wednesday, October 7, 2026 Watch Live UPDATED FUEL PRICE 07-OCT-2026 PETROL ▲ +1.19 PKR Rs. 394.83/ltr DIESEL ▼ -1.91 PKR Rs. 395.85/ltr Headlines PM Shehbaz orders winter gas load management plan, ensure uninterrupted imports Pakistan raises petrol price by Rs1.19, cuts diesel by Rs1.91 NCCIA Lahore loan crackdown uncovers AI blackmail network D.I. Khan targets 135,243 girls in major HPV vaccination drive against cervical cancer ‘Tulsa King’ keeps the crown with season 5 renewal PM Shehbaz orders winter gas load management plan, ensure uninterrupted imports Pakistan raises petrol price by Rs1.19, cuts diesel by Rs1.91 NCCIA Lahore loan crackdown uncovers AI blackmail network D.I. Khan targets 135,243 girls in major HPV vaccination drive against cervical cancer ‘Tulsa King’ keeps the crown with season 5 renewal Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Cricket Football Basketball Tennis WWE Entertainment K-Pop Movies Music Royal Family Business Crypto Markets Industry Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Food Horoscope Parenting Relationship Technology VIDEOS URDU Home Business Attock Refinery plans $600 million upgrade, new 50,000 BPD deep-conversion refinery A revamp of the Diesel Hydro Desulphurization unit is also expected to reduce high-speed diesel sulphur content to 10 parts per million. Web Desk September 28, 2026 KARACHI: Attock Refinery Limited, a subsidiary of the Attock Oil Company Limited, announced plans to build a new 50,000-barrel-per-day deep-conversion refinery and upgrade its existing plants to meet Euro-V fuel specifications, according to its annual report released Monday. The company, a key player in Pakistan 's downstream petroleum sector, said the new refinery would be installed "if sustainable enhanced supplies of local crude from the North become available and necessary support is received from the government side." ATRL said one of its biggest challenges is upgrading its plant s to meet Euro-V standards. It has prepared a strategic plan for expansion aimed at improving product specifications. Under the planned projects, a Continuous Catalyst Regeneration unit will be set up to increase premium motor gasoline production and improve the PMG pool octane rating to meet Euro-V specifications, while eliminating the use of octane-boosting additives and naphtha exports, the company said. A revamp of the Diesel Hydro Desulphurization unit is also expected to reduce high-speed diesel sulphur content to 10 parts per million. ARL said it has completed Licensor Front End Engineering Design studies for the addition of the CCR unit and the revamp of the DHDS unit under its planned upgradation project, at an estimated cost of about $600 million. The contract for Project FEED and Project Management Consultancy services was awarded to Studi Technologie Progetti SpA of Italy, the report said. Transmittals relating to FEED are currently being exchanged with STP, covering deliverables across multiple disciplines including management, process, mechanical, civil, electrical and instrumentation. The project FEED package is approximately 90% complete. The company said its annual contribution to the national exchequer in taxes and duties amounted to 156 billion rupees, while foreign exchange savings of $167.13 million were achieved through import substitution and exports. Attock Refinery was incorporated in Pakistan on Nov. 8, 1978, as a private limited company and converted into a public company on June 26, 1979. It is principally engaged in refining crude oil. Latest News Iran must cut nuclear enrichment capacity for war to end, Vance says 26 minutes ago Pakistan PM stresses on stopping rising terrorism in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa at any cost 36 minutes ago Pakistan security forces kill 18 terrorists in separate operations in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Balochistan 43 minutes ago FBR expands AI use to scrutinize individual tax returns before enforcement action 2 hours ago Ronaldo says he left Portugal camp over broken promises by coach, accepts punishment 2 hours ago Pakistan raises petrol price by Rs1.19, cuts diesel by Rs1.91 13 hours ago PM Shehbaz orders winter gas load management plan, ensure uninterrupted imports 15 hours ago Pakistan tests extended-range Fatah-IV cruise missile 15 hours ago Trending Today This Week This Month VEON raises planned Pakistan investment to $1.5bn over three years: FM says 22 hours ago KP governor says PTI march won't be allowed to pass Attock 1 days ago PM Shehbaz Sharif opens door to PTI talks and sets long march-ending condition 21 hours ago Francis Halzen wins Nobel Physics Prize for revealing secrets of cosmic ‘ghost particles’ 19 hours ago Brian May stuns Queen fans as 50-year touring era comes to an end 21 hours ago Recommended Oil prices drop as US-Iran talks raise truce hopes Govt raises petrol price by Rs3.26, cuts diesel price by Rs1.01 PSX gains 373 points during week as market recovers K-Solar rebrands as 'K Nova' with broader renewable energy mission German firms shift billions from U.S. to China as trade tensions rise, IW study shows Canada hits U.S. goods with new tariffs as trade war escalates UK car market hits eight-year August high Federal Reserve raises interest rates by 25 basis points to fight persistent inflation Pakistan raises wellhead gas prices as crude prices surge Oil cross $108 a barrel as Saudi Arabia closes its critical east-west pipeline PM Shehbaz announces Rs100 per liter fuel relief for motorcycles, small vehicles US-Canada trade war escalates over new tariffs Latest News Health Showbiz Trending Viral About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Urdu Live Branded Content Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Editorial Policy Blog Copyright © 2026 BOL Media Network. All rights reserved.