for speed & no flicker) --> Bol sees turnover grow 6.3 % - RetailDetail EU --> Europe - EN België - NL Belgique - FR Nederland - NL España - ES France - FR Europe - EN Sign in --> Newsletter Register for free Members' area Log in Become a member News Food Fashion Home Electronics Beauty/Care DIY/Garden Leisure General Events EVENTS 2026 EVENTS 2027 EVENT PARTNERSHIPS Advertising & Paid content RETAIL FILES – EDITORIAL CALENDAR ONLINE ADVERTISING & PAID CONTENT PRINT ADVERTISING Members’ area Europe - EN België - NL Belgique - FR Nederland - NL España - ES France - FR Europe - EN Newsletter Sign in --> News Food Fashion Home Electronics Beauty/Care DIY/Garden Leisure General Events EVENTS 2026 EVENTS 2027 EVENT PARTNERSHIPS Advertising & Paid content RETAIL FILES – EDITORIAL CALENDAR ONLINE ADVERTISING & PAID CONTENT PRINT ADVERTISING Members’ area Newsletter Register for free Members' area Log in Become a member Written by Maarten Reul In this article Companies Ahold Delhaize Bol Topics E-commerce Financial results Geography Belgium Netherlands Share article Bol sees turnover grow 6.3 % General 8 August, 2024 Bol (.com) managed to raise its sales and market share, owner Ahold Delhaize says. The e-commerce company’s sustainability report also makes for some interesting reading. On the up Since this year, Ahold Delhaize no longer reports separate figures on e-commerce subsidiary Bol. Accordingly, the strong quarterly results the retailer published yesterday did not contain any details about the online branch. However, Belgian newspaper De Tijd managed to get hold of the figures: online sales raised 6.3 %to 0.7 billion euros, spokesperson Isabelle Meltzer said. “The market share grew by 20 basis points to 18.3 %, while the market grew only slightly this year .” The years of exponential growth for e-commerce are over since the normalisation of buying behaviour after the pandemic. Moreover, with Amazon, a solid competitor was added in the Benelux. Without packaging Bol’s 2023 sustainability report also contained some interesting – albeit non-financial – figures. For example: the online store shipped more than 5.1 million items packaging-free, up 20 % from the previous year. In doing so, the company saved 480,000 kilograms of cardboard and emitted 500 tons of CO2 less. 1.7 million items with sustainability benefits now carry the Good Choice label, to help customers more easily make conscious choices. 90 % of the 170,000 items returned last year were given a second life as Return Deal (when only the packaging is damaged) or Breezy Return Chance (when the product is slightly damaged but functional). Sign up for our newsletter for free Bol’s 13,000 solar panels generated nine gigawatts of energy, the consumption of some 1,800 households. Another power saving measure was the closure of Tower B of the headquarters in Utrecht each Friday: this saves the electricity consumption of about fifteen households. Bol celebrated its 25th anniversary this spring: during that time the platform sold 38 million items to now 13.5 million active customers. More about... General See more General 15 September, 2026 Amazon kicks off holiday sales with Prime Big Deal Days in October On October 6 and 7, Amazon is launching its Prime Big Deal Days, a 48-hour shopping event featuring exclusive discounts for Prime members. The event is intended to kick off early holiday shopping in an increasingly competitive retail market. General 15 September, 2026 [In the Picture] Wingzz China: autonomous robots become commonplace, from the supermarket to the taxi The last three days of the Wingzz China retail tour went from Alibaba in Hangzhou to the technology companies of Shenzhen. What stands out most: autonomous robots are not a vision of the future there, but are already determining how Chinese people shop, produce, move around, and even have their... General 15 September, 2026 Bol adds AI right next to the search bar Starting today, Bol is making its AI shopping assistant, Shophulp, available to all customers. The beta version is designed to help consumers choose products by relying less on keywords and filters and more on conversation. Events 24 Sep RETAIL MARKETING DAY 19 Nov RETAILDETAIL NIGHT 2026 Most read Food 24 August, 2026 Lidl launching self-checkout via smartphone app in Belgium as well Food 15 September, 2026 [In the picture] With Intermarché Express, Les Mousquetaires launch their urban offensive in Brussels Fashion 4 September, 2026 H&M swaps Chaussée d’Ixelles for a larger store on Avenue Louise Food 7 September, 2026 Aldi Süd acquires stake in Philippine discounter Follow RetailDetail Facebook Twitter Instagram linkedIn Since 2009, RetailDetail has been the leading B2B platform for the retail sector in Europe. As a "100% trusted medium" and a strong retail community, RetailDetail provides professionals with reliable daily news, sharp insights and relevant sector analysis. In addition, RetailDetail brings the market together through inspiring events and exclusive retail tours, where knowledge-sharing, networking and innovation take centre stage. Mailing Address Genuastraat 1/41 2000 Antwerp © 2026 RetailDetail general conditions | privacy policy --> Contact & address About us info@retaildetail.be © 2026 RetailDetail