Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 45 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 48 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 90 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 90 Item 9B. Other Information 90 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 91 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 92 Item 11. Executive Compensation 92 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 92 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 92 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 92 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 93 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 96 Signatures 2. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Note About Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include, among other things, statements regarding: • the growth of our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends in our business; • fluctuations in our revenues and margins and various factors contributing to such fluctuations; • our expectation that the continuing shift to an online world as the digital economy evolves will continue to benefit our business; • our expectation that the revenues that we derive beyond advertising will continue to increase and may affect our margins; • our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rate will fluctuate, which could affect our overall margins; • our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins; • fluctuations in paid clicks and as well as impressions and , and various factors contributing to such fluctuations; • our expectation that we will continue to periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity; • our expectation that our results will be affected by our performance in international markets as users in developing economies increasingly come online; • our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; • the expected variability of gains and losses related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; • the amount and timing of revenue recognition from customer contracts with commitments for performance obligations, including our estimate of the remaining amount of commitments and when we expect to recognize revenue; • our expectation that our capital expenditures will increase, including our expected spend and the expected increase in our technical infrastructure investment to support the growth of our business and our initiatives, in particular in support of artificial intelligence (AI) products and services; • our plans to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services and technologies, and systems, as well as to continue to invest in acquisitions and strategic investments; • our pace of hiring and our plans to provide competitive compensation programs; • our expectation that our cost of revenues, research and development (R&D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses may increase in amount and/or may increase as a percentage of revenues and may be affected by a number of factors; • estimates of our future employee compensation expenses; • our expectation that our other income (expense), net (OI&E), will fluctuate in the future, as it is largely driven by market dynamics; • our expectation that our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years; • seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality, which are likely to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results; • the sufficiency of our sources of funding; • our potential exposure in connection with new and pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies, including the possibility that certain legal proceedings to which we are a party could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results; 3. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. • our expectation that we will continue to face heightened regulatory scrutiny, and changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results; • the expected timing, amount, and effect of Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases and dividends; • our sustainability goals; as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. statements may appear throughout this report and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Part I, Item 1 "Business;" Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors;" and Part II, Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." statements generally can be identified by words such as "anticipates," "believes," "could," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" and the trends discussed in Part II, Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. As used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview As our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to become one." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history, inspiring us to tackle big problems and invest in moonshots. It led us to be a pioneer in the development of AI and, since 2016, an company. We continue this work under the leadership of Alphabet and Google CEO, Sundar Pichai. Alphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud, and all businesses collectively as Other Bets. Supporting these businesses, we have centralized certain research and development which is reported in activities. Alphabet's structure is about helping each of our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence. Access and Technology for Everyone The Internet is one of the world’s most powerful equalizers; it propels ideas, people, and businesses large and small. Our mission to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful is as relevant today as it was when we were founded in 1998. Since then, we have evolved from a company that helps people find answers to a company that also helps people get things done. We are focused on building an even more helpful Google for everyone, and we aspire to give everyone the tools they need to increase their knowledge, health, happiness, and success. Google Search helps people find information and make sense of the world in more natural and intuitive ways, with trillions of searches on Google every year. YouTube provides people with entertainment, information, and opportunities to learn something new and helps support the creator economy through the YouTube Partner Program. Google Cloud helps customers solve today’s business challenges, improve productivity, reduce costs, and unlock new growth engines. We are continually innovating and building new products and features to help our users, partners, customers, and communities and have invested more than $150 billion in research and development in the last five years in support of these efforts. 4. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Making AI Helpful for Everyone We believe AI is a profound platform shift, one that can bring meaningful and positive change to people and societies across the world, and to our business. At Google, we have been bringing AI into our products and services for more than a decade and making them available to our users. In 2023, we took a significant step on our journey to make AI more helpful for everyone with the introduction of Gemini, our natively multimodal AI model. In 2024, we launched Gemini 2.0, our most capable model yet. Gemini can generalize and seamlessly understand, operate across, and combine different types of information including text, code, audio, image, and video. Gemini is powering AI features across our products and services that are helping people everyday. Today, all seven of our two products — Android, Chrome, Gmail, Maps, Play Store, Search, and YouTube — are using Gemini. Our Google Cloud products, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, help organizations stay at the forefront of innovation with our infrastructure, AI development platform, models, as well as assistive agents and applications. We believe AI has the potential to solve important societal, scientific, and engineering challenges. For example, in 2020, Google DeepMind’s AlphaFold system solved a 50- protein folding challenge, and in 2024, we introduced AlphaFold 3, built on the previous models, to predict the structure and interactions of all the molecules in life's processes. We are focused on transforming our products to provide the most helpful tools to our users and customers as we deliver on our mission to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful. Deliver the Most Advanced, Safe, and Responsible AI We aim to build the most advanced, safe, and responsible AI through a full stack of robust infrastructure, including data centers, chips, and a global fiber network; world class research teams; and a broad global reach through products and platforms that touch billions of people and customers around the world. We are driving efficiencies in our data centers, while making significant hardware and model improvements. For example, since we started serving AI Overviews to our users, we have significantly lowered machine costs and latency through hardware, engineering, and technical breakthroughs. Our infrastructure allows us to use, and offer our customers, a range of AI accelerator options, including our own Tensor Processing Units (TPUs). Our teams across Alphabet leverage Gemini, as well as other AI models we have previously developed and announced, to deliver the best product and service experiences for our users, advertisers, partners, customers, and developers. We are using Gemini 2.0 in new research prototypes, including Project Astra, which explores the future capabilities of a universal AI assistant and Project Mariner, an early prototype capable of taking actions in Chrome as an experimental extension. We believe our approach to AI must be both bold and responsible. That means developing AI in a way that maximizes the positive benefits to society while addressing its potential challenges, guided by our AI Principles. Enable Organizations and Developers to Innovate on Google Cloud AI is a major technology shift for enterprises. Globally, businesses from startups to large enterprises, and the public sector are thinking about how to drive transformation. That is why we are focused on making it easy and scalable for others to innovate, and grow, with AI. That means providing advanced computing infrastructure and expanding access to Google’s latest AI models. Our Vertex AI platform gives developers the ability to train, tune, augment, test, and deploy applications using Gemini, Imagen, Veo, and other generative AI models. Gemini for Google Cloud provides AI agents that can assist developers to write, document, test, and operate software as well as assist cybersecurity teams to analyze, detect, protect, and respond to threats. Improve Knowledge, Learning, Creativity, and Productivity As AI continues to improve rapidly, we are focused on transforming our products to provide our users the most helpful tools. Examples include AI Overviews, which allow users to ask their most complex questions, break down concepts in a format that is useful for them, or take a video and ask a question out loud, and NotebookLM, which helps users understand complex information by summarizing sources and providing relevant quotes. We are embedding the power of generative AI to continue helping our users express themselves and get things done. For example, the Gemini app allows users to collaborate with new AI features that include image generation capabilities, coding support, and app integration. Gemini for Google Workspace helps users write, organize, visualize, accelerate workflows, and have richer meetings. Additionally, we are using Gemini to improve recommendations on YouTube. We also know businesses of all sizes around the world rely on Google Ads to find customers and grow their businesses — and we 5. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. make that even easier with AI. For example, advertisers are able to use our updated image generation in Google Ads to produce imagery for their campaigns, and Demand Gen helps them reach their target audiences. Build the Most Helpful Personal Computing Platforms and Devices Over the years, our Pixel phones have incorporated AI compute directly into the device and built experiences on top of it. Our latest Pixel devices were built with Gemini Nano, bringing the best experiences to our users, such as Gemini on Pixel, Pixel Screenshots, and Pixel Studio. Our Android and Chrome operating systems enable users to access Gemini, and other Google AI features throughout their day. For example, with Circle to Search built directly into the Android experience, users can search anything they see on their phone using a simple gesture. Moonshots Many companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads to irrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not evolutionary. Our acquisitions of YouTube and Android and subsequent launch of Chrome have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobile devices and a safer, popular browser. In Other Bets, our fully autonomous driving technology company, Waymo, is now providing fully autonomous, paid services to customers in multiple cities. Our early investments in AI started out as moonshots but are now incorporated into our core products and central to future developments. We continue to look toward the future and to invest for the long term, most notably for the application of AI to our products and services, as well as other frontier technologies such as quantum computing. As we said in the original founders' letter, we will not shy away from , projects that we believe in, as they are the key to our success. Privacy and Security We make it a priority to protect the privacy and security of our products, users, and customers, even if there are financial consequences. We do this by continuously investing in building products that are secure by default; strictly upholding responsible data practices that emphasize privacy by design; and building settings that put people in control. We are continually enhancing these efforts over time, whether by enabling users to their data, applying privacy technologies like processing, giving people tools to control their experience, or advancing , , and password security features. Google For reporting purposes Google comprises two segments: Google Services and Google Cloud. Google Services Serving Our Users We have always been committed to building helpful products that can improve the lives of millions of people worldwide. Our product innovations are what make our services widely used, and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Google Services' core products and platforms include ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Photos, Google Play, Search, and YouTube, with broad and growing adoption by users around the world. Our products and services have come a long way since the company was founded more than 25 years ago. While Google Search started as a way to find web pages, organized into ten blue links, we have driven technical advancements and product innovations that have transformed Google Search into a dynamic, multimodal experience. We first expanded from traditional desktop browsers into mobile web search, making it easier to navigate on smaller screens. As new types of content surfaced on the internet, Universal Search made it possible to search multiple content types, like news, images, videos, and more, to deliver rich, relevant results. The introduction of new search modalities, like voice and visual search, made it easier for people to express their curiosity in natural and intuitive ways. We took that a step further with multisearch, which lets people search with text and images at the same time. Large language models have made it possible to express more natural language queries, vastly improving the types of questions users can ask, and the quality of results. Each advancement has made it easier and more natural for people to find what they are looking for. We are now using Gemini customized for Google Search to provide our users an improved Search experience, and AI Overviews has been released in more than one hundred countries, reaching more than one billion users. This drive to make information more accessible and helpful has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation of digital content both on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. People are consuming many forms of digital content, including watching videos, streaming TV, playing games, listening to music, 6. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. reading books, and using apps. Working with content creators and partners, we continue to build new ways for people around the world to create and find great digital content. Fueling all of these great digital experiences are extraordinary platforms and devices. That is why we continue to invest in platforms like our Android mobile operating system, Chrome browser, and Chrome operating system, as well as our family of devices. We see tremendous potential for devices to be helpful and make people's lives easier by combining the best of our AI, software, and hardware. This potential is reflected in our latest generation of devices, such as the new Pixel 9 series and the Pixel Watch 3. Creating products and services that people rely on every day is a journey that we are investing in for the . How We Make Money We have built advertising technologies for advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power their digital marketing businesses. Our advertising solutions help millions of companies grow their businesses through our wide range of products across devices and formats, and we aim to ensure positive user experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. AI has been foundational to our advertising business for more than a decade. Products like Demand Gen, Performance Max, and Product Studio use the full power of our AI to help advertisers find untapped and incremental conversion opportunities. Google Services generates revenues primarily by delivering both performance and brand advertising that appears on Google Search & other properties, YouTube, and Google Network partners' properties ("Google Network properties"). We continue to invest in both performance and brand advertising and seek to improve the measurability of advertising so advertisers understand the effectiveness of their campaigns. • Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on leading to direct engagement with advertisers. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers to create simple ads. • Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity for advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads to specific audiences for their marketing campaigns. We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web. We focus on creating the best advertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, including filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions of bad ads from our systems every year, and closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blocklisting them when necessary to ensure that ads do not fund bad content. In addition, Google Services increasingly generates revenues from products and services beyond advertising, including: • consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; • platforms , which primarily include revenues from Google Play sales of apps and purchases; and • devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices. Google Cloud Through our Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace offerings, Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services. Customers use Google Cloud in multiple ways such as: • Infrastructure: provides open, reliable, and scalable compute, networking, and storage to enable customers to run workloads anywhere — on our Cloud, at the edge, or in their data centers. It can be used to migrate and modernize IT systems and to train and serve various types of AI models. • Developer Platform: provides developers, through the Vertex AI platform, the ability to train, tune, augment, test, and deploy applications using Gemini and other leading generative AI models. We offer widely used , , and open models along with services such as vector search, grounding, and distillation to further improve the cost and quality of models. • Cybersecurity: provides AI powered cybersecurity solutions to help customers analyze, detect, protect, and respond to a broad range of cybersecurity threats, to further strengthen security outcomes, prioritize which threats to investigate, and identify attack paths, as well as accelerate resolution of cybersecurity threats. 7. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. • Data and Analytics: provides a variety of different types of databases — relational, , and — to store and manage data for different types of applications and deliver data to AI agents. Our data platform also unifies data lakes, data warehouses, data governance, and advanced machine learning into a single platform that helps users analyze data using AI models across any cloud. • Applications: offers a broad applications portfolio, including Gemini for Google Cloud and Gemini for Google Workspace, as well as agents for Search and our Customer Engagement Suite. AI has been used in Google Workspace for years to improve grammar, efficiency, security, and more with features like Smart Reply, Smart Compose, and malware and phishing protection in Gmail. Now, Gemini for Google Workspace brings our agents into Gmail, Docs, Sheets and more to help users write, organize, visualize, accelerate workflows, and have richer meetings. Other Bets Across Alphabet, we are also using technology to try to solve big problems that affect a wide variety of industries, including transportation and health technology. Alphabet’s investment in the portfolio of Other Bets includes businesses that are at various stages of development, ranging from those in the R&D phase to those that are in the beginning stages of commercialization. Our goal is for them to become thriving, successful businesses. Other Bets operate as independent companies and some of them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors. While these businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some of them are already generating revenue and making important strides in their industries. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of services, and internet services. Competition Our business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, including but not limited to, from: • general purpose search engines and information services; • vertical search engines and e-commerce providers for queries on topics such as those related to travel, jobs, and health, which users may navigate directly to rather than go through Google; • online advertising platforms and networks, i ncluding online shopping and streaming services; • other forms of advertising, such as billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television as our advertisers typically advertise in multiple media, both online and offline; • digital content and application platform providers; • providers of enterprise cloud services; • developers and providers of AI products and services; • companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietary platforms; • providers of digital video services; • social networks, which users may rely on for product or service referrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines; • providers of workspace communication and connectivity products; and • digital assistant providers. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to develop and distribute innovative products and technologies to the marketplace across our businesses. For example, for advertising, competing successfully depends on attracting and retaining: • users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely on the basis of the relevance of our advertising, as well as the general usefulness, security, and availability of our products and services; • advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver their advertisements in an efficient and effective manner across a variety of distribution channels; and • content providers, primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms of our agreements with them. 8. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. For additional information about competition, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Ongoing Commitment to Sustainability Our environmental strat egy has two key pillars, supported by our dedication to accessible information and technological innovation: • Our products: We are empowering people with information about the environmental impacts of their choices. • Our operations: We are working to drive sustainability and efficiency across our operations and value chain. Through our products, we have an aspiration to help individuals, cities, and other partners collectively reduce one gigaton of their carbon equivalent emissions annually by 2030. In 2021, we set an ambitious goal to reach emissions across all of our operations and value chain by 2030. To make progress toward this effort, we aim to reduce 50% of our combined Scope 1, Scope 2 ( ), and Scope 3 absolute emissions (compared to our 2019 base year) by 2030, and we plan to invest in and carbon removal solutions to neutralize our remaining emissions. Our primary approach to reducing our Scope 2 emissions is through the procurement of energy (CFE). In 2020, we set a goal to run on 24/7 CFE every hour of every day on every grid where we operate by 2030. In 2023, we began implementing our carbon removals strategy, and we have begun establishing impactful partnerships and have started contracting for carbon removal credits. Achieving emissions and 24/7 CFE by 2030 are extremely ambitious goals. We also know that our path to emissions will not be easy or linear. Some of our plans may take years to deliver results, particularly where they involve building new infrastructure with long lead times. Our approach will continue to evolve and will require us to navigate significant uncertainty, including the uncertainty around the future environmental impact of AI, which is complex and difficult to predict. In addition, solutions for some key global challenges do not currently exist, and will depend heavily on the development and improvement of new technologies by us and by the energy sector. As our business and industry continue to evolve, we expect our total GHG emissions to rise before dropping toward our absolute emissions reduction target. For additional information about risks and uncertainties applicable to our work on sustainability and efficiency, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Culture and Workforce We are a company of curious, talented, and passionate people. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideas to address complex challenges in technology and society. Our people are critical for our continued success, so we work hard to create an environment where employees can have fulfilling careers, and be happy, healthy, and perform at a high level. We offer benefits and programs to take care of the diverse needs of our employees and their families, including opportunities for career growth and development, resources to support their financial health, and access to excellent healthcare choices. Our competitive compensation programs help us to attract and retain key talent, and we will continue to invest in recruiting talented people to technical and roles, and rewarding them well. We provide a variety of high quality training and support to managers to build and strengthen their capabilities-–ranging from courses for new managers, to learning resources that help them provide feedback and manage performance, to coaching and individual support. As of December 31, 2024, Alphabet had 183,323 employees. We have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, and we are committed to supporting protected labor rights, maintaining an open culture, and listening to all employees. Supporting healthy and open dialogue is central to how we work, and we communicate information about the company through multiple internal channels to our employees. When appropriate we partner with outside companies on a contractual basis to provide a specialized service or to temporarily cover a need. The employees of our suppliers and staffing partners — vendors and temporary staff, respectively — and independent contractors who are , make up our extended workforce. We choose our partners and staffing agencies carefully, and review their compliance with Google’s Supplier Code of Conduct. Government Regulation We are subject to numerous United States (U.S.) federal, state, and local, as well as foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subjects, and the scope of this coverage continues to broaden with continuing new legal and regulatory developments in the U.S. and internationally. Like other companies in the technology industry, we face increasingly heightened scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance with laws and 9. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. Particularly with regard to AI; competition; consumer protection; content moderation; data privacy and security; news publications; and sustainability and other social matters, we have seen an increase in new and evolving laws and regulations, as well as related enforcement actions and investigations, being proposed and implemented in recent years by legislative and regulatory bodies around the world. As we have seen in recent years, different laws and regulations on the same topic may not always have the same requirements, and even when requirements overlap, the rules are not always consistently implemented, interpreted, and enforced from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase our cost of doing business, make our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business practices or offer certain products and services, cause us to change our business models and operations, affect our competitive position relative to our peers, and/or otherwise harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. F or additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors; Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect in Part II, Item 7; and Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property We rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names, and copyrights. We have also filed patent applications in the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain of our technology, and acquired patent assets to supplement our portfolio. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to other parties. For additional information, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available on our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. We webcast via our investor relations YouTube channel and website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also share Google news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/ and News From Google page on X at x.com/NewsFromGoogle, and our executive officers may also use certain social media channels, such as X and LinkedIn, to communicate information about earnings results and company updates, which may be of interest or material to our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The information contained on, or that may be accessed through our websites or our executive officers' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our Class A and Class C stock. Risks Specific to our Company We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising. Reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, or new and existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability to personalize ads could harm our business. We generated more than 75% of total revenues from online advertising in 2024. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, or more effective 10. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, such as our initiatives related to cookies, including our announcement in July 2024 to move from phasing out all cookies to a proposed user choice model (which remains subject to continuing discussions with regulators), as well as changes to other companies’ advertising and/or data privacy practices have in the past, and may in the future, affect the advertising services that we are able to provide. In addition, technologies have been developed that make personalized ads more difficult, or that block the display of ads altogether, and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability and functionality of digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to correlate with overall economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts our advertisers spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in technical infrastructure and R&D, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology, products, and services. We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies to emerging . Some competitors have longer operating histories and relationships in various sectors. They can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions and entering into other strategic arrangements; continuing to invest heavily in technical infrastructure, R&D, and in talent; initiating intellectual property and competition claims (whether or not meritorious); and continuing to compete for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Further, discrepancies in enforcement of existing laws may enable our lesser known competitors to aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny, thereby affording them competitive advantages. Our competitors may also be able to innovate and provide products and services faster or more cost effectively than we can or may foresee the need for products and services before we do. We are expanding our investment in AI across the entire company. This includes generative AI and continuing to integrate AI capabilities into our products and services. AI technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and require significant investment, including technical infrastructure, development and operational costs, to meet the changing needs and expectations of our existing users and attract new users. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy may depend on the availability and pricing of equipment and other technical infrastructure operations costs, including network capacity, energy, and equipment costs. Additionally, other companies may develop AI products and technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or more to develop and/or deploy. Other companies may also have (or in the future may obtain) patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our own AI products and services. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive in a timely manner to the evolving needs and desires of our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers, or if we miscalculate those needs and desires and invest significantly in areas that fail to gain sufficient market traction. As new and existing technologies continue to develop, competitors and new entrants may be able to offer experiences that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. These technologies could reduce usage of our products and services, and force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources to develop and operate equal or better products and services. Competitors’ success in providing compelling products and services or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers could harm our financial condition and operating results. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies in a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. The investments that we are making across our businesses, such 11. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. as building AI capabilities into new and existing products and services, reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are helpful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. We have invested significantly and expect to continue to invest significantly in our property and equipment, including our technical infrastructure, and we expect these assets to benefit our business over their estimated useful lives. Changes in facts and circumstances such as changes to ongoing business operations, changes in the planned use and utilization of assets, and/or technological advancements, could indicate a change in the period over which we expect to benefit from the asset and impact our financial condition and operating results. Innovations in our products and services could also result in changes to user behavior and affect our revenue trends. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of resources and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use of alternative investment, governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives. Within Google Services, we continue to invest heavily in devices, including our smartphones, home devices, and wearables, which is a highly competitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, increased market saturation in developed countries, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide devices that compete effectively. Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, and we are advancing our AI platforms and models to support these tools and technologies. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services, invest in cybersecurity, and hire talent, particularly to support and scale our sales force. At the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying services. Pricing, including platform switching costs, are challenging across the industry, and delivery models are competitive and constantly evolving, and we may therefore not achieve our business objectives. Further, our business with financial services, healthcare, and public sector customers may present additional risks, including regulatory compliance risks. For instance, we may be subject to government audits and cost reviews, and any failure to comply or any deficiencies found may expose us to legal, financial, and/or reputational risks. Evolving laws and regulations may require us to make new capital investments, build new products, and seek partners to deliver localized services in other countries, and we may not be able to meet sovereign operating requirements. Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in areas such as health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These investment areas face intense competition from large, experienced, and competitors, and our offerings, many of which involve the development of new and emerging technologies, may not be successful, or be able to compete effectively or operate at sufficient levels of profitability. In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use AI, raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all of these investment areas are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful or will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we may experience downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including changes in the devices and modalities used to access our products and services; changes in geographic mix; deceleration or declines in advertiser spending; competition; changes in customer usage and demand for our existing products and increasing demand for new technologies; decreases in the pricing of our products and services; ongoing product and policy changes; and shifts to lower priced products and services. In addition, we may experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from a variety of factors, such as an increase in the mix of products and services, in particular from the continued expansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as our devices, Google Cloud, and consumer subscription products, as well as significant investments in Other Bets, all of which may have margins lower than those we generate from advertising. In particular, margins on our devices have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our consolidated margins due to pressures on pricing and higher cost of sales. We may also experience downward pressure on our operating margins from increasing regulations, increasing competition, and increasing costs 12. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. for many aspects of our business, including higher level of investment in technical infrastructure. Further, certain of our costs and expenses are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenue. We may also not be able to continue to execute our efficiency efforts successfully or in a timely manner. Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not be indicative of our future performance. For additional information, see Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect and Revenues and Monetization Metrics in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands as well as affect our ability to compete. Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, we may not have adequate patent or copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. There is always the possibility that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy of such trade secrets and other sensitive information could be compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other courts, particularly those outside of the U.S., may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our financial condition and operating results. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products and services that better serve the needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands have been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues, content shared on our platforms, data privacy and security issues and developments, and product or technical performance failures. For example, if we fail to respond appropriately to the sharing of misinformation or objectionable content on our services and/or products or objectionable practices by advertisers, or otherwise to adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance our brands could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide , trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our services. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture or assemble our devices as well as servers and networking equipment used in our technical infrastructure, certain components of which we may supply. We rely on third parties to supply components and distribute our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them. 13. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. We have experienced and/or may in the future experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, and/or longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations, driven by raw material and/or component availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, logistics capacity, inflation, foreign currency exchange rates, tariffs, sanctions and export controls, trade disputes and barriers, forced labor concerns, sustainability sourcing requirements, geopolitical tensions, armed conflicts, natural disasters or pandemics, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality effects and power shutdowns associated with wildfire prevention, and increased storm severity), power and transmission availability, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. Some of the components we use in our technical infrastructure and our devices are available from only one or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms in the event of a supply chain disruption. A significant supply interruption that affects us or our vendors could delay critical data center upgrades or expansions and delay consumer product availability. We may enter into contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may face costs for materials and products that are not consumed due to market demand, technological change, changed consumer preferences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. For instance, because certain of our hardware supply contracts have pricing or minimum purchase requirements, if the volume of sales of our devices decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and manufacturing costs or other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit to manufacture and harm our financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply. For example, industry supply capacity for AI accelerators, including Graphics Processing Units, or GPUs, as well as our TPUs, is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. If we are unable to negotiate favorable contractual terms or our competitors claim the supply or capacity first, we may face supply constraints. Our devices have had, and in the future may have, quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products and services does not meet expectations or our products or services are defective or require a recall, it could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies and practices, such as the Google Supplier Code of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance, and intellectual property licensing, but we do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license rights to intellectual property could affect our ability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims. Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, terrorist attacks, attacks, natural disasters or pandemics, geopolitical tensions or armed conflicts, export controls and sanctions, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality effects and power shutdowns associated with wildfire prevention, and increased storm severity), power and transmission availability challenges, utility outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, software bugs, cyber attacks, attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject to , sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and, in some cases, to potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced by facility operators or disruptions as a result of geopolitical tensions and conflicts happening in the area. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems affecting our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained in the past, and may contain in the future, errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. Any of these incidents could impede or prevent us from effectively offering products and providing services, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 14. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 51% of our consolidated revenues in 2024. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following: • restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; • sanctions, import and export controls, other market access barriers, political unrest, geopolitical tensions, changes in regimes, or armed conflict (such as ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine), any of which may affect our business continuity, increase our operating costs, limit demand for our products and services, limit our ability to source components or final products, or prevent or impede us from operating in certain jurisdictions, complying with local laws, or offering products or services; • longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud; • an evolving foreign policy landscape that could harm our revenues and could subject us to litigation, new regulatory costs and challenges (including new customer requirements), uncertainty regarding regulatory outcomes, and other liabilities under local laws that may not offer due process or clear legal precedent; • laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to government officials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties; and • different employee/employer relationships; different labor laws, regulations, and labor practices; and other challenges caused by distance, language, local expertise, and cultural differences, increasing the complexity of doing business in multiple jurisdictions. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we have faced, and will continue to face, exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results. We are exposed to fluctuations in the fair values of our investments and, in some instances, our financial statements incorporate inherently subjective valuation methodologies. The fair value of our debt and equity investments may in the future be, and certain investments have been in the past, negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, performance and financial results of the underlying entities, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market in general, or other factors. We measure certain of our equity and debt securities, certain other instruments including compensation awards settled in the stock of Other Bet companies, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. All gains and losses on equity securities are recognized in OI&E, which increases the volatility of our OI&E. The unrealized gains and losses or impairments we record from fair value remeasurements in any particular period may differ significantly from the gains and losses we ultimately realize on such investments. As a result of these factors, the value of our investments could decline, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. Risks Related to our Industry People access our products and services through a variety of platforms and devices that continue to evolve with the advancement of technology and user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our products and services developed for these interfaces, our business could be harmed. People access our products and services through a growing variety of devices such as desktop computers, phones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, speakers, wearables (including virtual reality and augmented reality devices), automobiles, and devices. Our products and services may be less popular on some interfaces. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not be available or may only be available with limited functionality for our users or our advertisers on these devices as a result. Some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. 15. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. It is hard to predict the challenges we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing to attract and retain a substantial number of device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, or failing to develop products and technologies that work well on new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability to capture future business opportunities. Issues in the development and use of AI may result in reputational harm and increased liability exposure. Our evolving efforts may give rise to risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, violation of rights of publicity, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity, and other issues. As a result of these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability (including under new and proposed legislation and regulations), new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Some uses of AI will present ethical issues and may have broad effects on society. In order to implement AI responsibly and minimize unintended harmful effects, we have already devoted and will continue to invest significant resources to develop, test, and maintain our products and services, but we may not be able to identify or resolve all issues, deficiencies, and/or failures before they arise. Unintended consequences, uses, or customization of our AI tools and systems may negatively affect human rights, privacy, employment, or other social concerns, which may result in claims, lawsuits, brand or reputational harm, and increased regulatory scrutiny, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could harm our reputation, cause us to incur significant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. Computer viruses, software bugs or defects, security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure and use of user data and interference with our users’ and customers’ ability to use our products and services, harming our business and reputation. Concerns about, including the adequacy of, our practices with regard to the collection, use, governance, disclosure, or security of personal data or other matters, even if unfounded, could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may change over time as expectations and regulations regarding privacy and data change. Our products and services involve the storage, handling, and transmission of proprietary and other sensitive information. Malicious software such as viruses, software bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities in our products and services, as well as cyber attacks, phishing schemes, and other types of security breaches expose us to a risk of loss or improper use and disclosure of such information, which could result in litigation and other potential liabilities, including regulatory fines and penalties, as well as reputational harm. Additionally, our products incorporate highly technical and complex technologies, and thus our technologies and software have contained, and are likely in the future to contain, undetected errors, bugs, and/or vulnerabilities. We continue to add new features involving AI to our offerings and internal systems, and features that rely on AI may be susceptible to unanticipated security threats as our and the market’s understanding of security risks and protection methods continue to develop. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, some errors in our software code only after we have released the code. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure to comply with our privacy policies, and/or inadvertent disclosure of user data could result in regulatory and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation, brand, and business, and impair our ability to attract and retain users or customers. Such incidents have occurred in the past and may continue to occur due to the scale and nature of our products and services. While there is no guarantee that such incidents will not cause significant damage, we expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain security protections that limit the effect of bugs, theft, misuse, and security vulnerabilities or breaches. We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. Cyber attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. For example, the development and implementation of AI technologies may further increase our exposure to or exacerbate the risks of cyber attacks or other security incidents, particularly where such technologies are exploited by third parties to breach our or other parties’ systems, including when such technologies are used to target our employees or impersonate members of senior management in order to gain unauthorized access to our systems. We have also seen, and will continue to see, software supply chain vulnerabilities, which could affect our or other parties’ systems. We expect to continue to experience such incidents or vulnerabilities in the future. Our efforts to prevent security incidents and address undesirable activity on our platform may require us to spend additional resources to prepare and defend against such threats, and could also increase the risk of retaliatory attack. In addition, 16. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. we face the risk of cyber attacks by and actors. These attacks may target us or our customers, particularly our public sector customers (including federal, state, and local governments). Geopolitical tensions or armed conflicts, such as the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and Ukraine, may increase these risks. We may experience security and/or privacy issues, whether due to employee or insider error or malfeasance, system errors, or vulnerabilities in our or other parties’ systems. While we may not determine some of these issues to be material at the time they occur and may remedy them quickly, there is no guarantee that these issues will not ultimately result in significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries, enforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. There is also no guarantee that a series of related issues may not be determined to be material at a later date in the aggregate, even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable or degrade service provided by or otherwise sabotage systems change frequently and often are recognized only after being launched against a target, even taking all reasonable precautions, including those required by law, we have been unable in the past and may continue to be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures. Further, if any partners with whom we share user or other customer information fail to implement adequate practices, fail to comply with our terms and policies, or otherwise suffer a network or other security breach, our users’ data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. If an actual or perceived breach of our or our business partners’ or service providers’ security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures would be harmed, we could lose users and customers, our trade secrets or those of our business partners may be compromised, and we may be exposed to significant legal and financial risks, including legal claims (which may include litigation) and regulatory actions, fines, and penalties. Any of the foregoing consequences could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. While we have dedicated significant resources to privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incident response teams, our response process, particularly during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not be fast enough to prevent or limit harm, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information, see also our risk factor on privacy and data protection regulations under ‘Risks Related to Laws, Regulations, and Policies’ below. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. In addition to our efforts to prevent and mitigate cyber attacks, we are making significant investments in safety, security, and review efforts to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties, including investigation and review of platform applications that could access the information of users of our services. As a result of these efforts, we have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, incidents of unnecessary access to or misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. However, we may not have discovered, and may in the future not discover, all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, or other factors, including factors outside of our control such as a natural disaster or pandemic, and we may learn of such incidents or activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper ad purchases, activities that threaten people’s safety on- or , or instances of spamming, scraping, or spreading disinformation. While we may not determine some of these incidents to be material at the time they occurred and we may remedy them quickly, there is no guarantee that these issues will not ultimately result in significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. There is also no guarantee that a series of related issues may not be determined to be material at a later date in the aggregate, even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise prevent or remediate any such incidents. Any of the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices in ways that harm our business operations, and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. 17. Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Problematic content on our platforms, including content, web spam, content farms, and other violations of our guidelines could affect the quality of our services, which could harm our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. We, like others in the industry, face violations of our content guidelines across our platforms, including sophisticated attempts by bad actors to manipulate our hosting and advertising systems to fraudulently generate revenues, or to otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user interest or intent. While we invest significantly in efforts to promote and relevant results and to detect and prevent content and invalid traffic, we have been unable and may continue to be unable to detect and prevent all such abuses or promote uniformly content. Increased use of AI in our offerings and internal systems may create new avenues of abuse for bad actors. Many websites violate or attempt to violate our guidelines, including by seeking to inappropriately rank higher in search results than our search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts have affected, and may continue to affect, the quality of content on our platforms and lead them to display false, misleading, or undesirable content. Although web spam in our search results has been reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek inappropriate ways to improve their rankings. Although we continue to invest in and deploy proprietary technology to detect and prevent web spam on our platforms, there is no guarantee that our technology will always be successful, and our users may have negative experiences on our platforms if our technology fails to work as intended, which may affect our users' decisions in continuing to use our platforms. We also face other challenges from and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities of content to help them improve their search r

[truncated]