BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc reported strong trading momentum in the first quarter of its financial year ending March 2027, with organic orders up 31% and organic sales up 6%, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.15. Including recent acquisitions, sales increased by 10% on a constant exchange rate basis, with both Trival and Storm performing well and the acquisition of 3Gmetalworx progressing. The company anticipates full-year adjusted earnings to exceed Board expectations, supported by a robust order book, design win pipeline, and acquisition opportunities, positioning it for continued growth. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 24 July 2026 For Release 7.00am, 24 July 2026 discoverIE Group plc Trading Update Continued strong momentum in orders and sales discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or "the Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry , today issues a trading update for the first three months of the financial year ending 31 March 2027 ("the Period" or "Q1"). The strong Group trading momentum experienced in the fourth quarter last year continued this Period with Group orders up 31% organically (1) and Group sales up 6% organically with a book to bill of 1.15. Including contributions from our recent acquisitions of Trival and Storm, sales were up 10% CER. Both businesses are performing well and the regulatory approval process for the acquisition of 3Gmetalworx is progressing. The positive outlook continues with full year adjusted earnings tracking ahead of the Board's expectations . The Group has a strong order book, pipeline of design wins and acquisition opportunities, and is well placed for continued growth. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc 01483 544 500 Nick Jefferies Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins Group Finance Director Lili Huang Head of Investor Relations Burson Buchanan 0207466 5000 Jamie Hooper, Toto Berger discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes 1. Organic growth for the Group compared with last year is calculated at CER and is shown excluding the first 12 months of acquisitions post completion ( Storm was acquired in December 2025 and Trival in April 2026 ). 2. Growth rates refer to the comparable prior year period unless stated. In calculating CER f or the Period, the average Sterling rate of exchange weakened 2% against the Euro and 5% on average against the three Nordic currencies while strengthening 1% against the US Dollar. 3. This trading update is based upon unaudited management accounts and has been prepared solely to provide additional information on trading to the shareholders of discoverIE Group plc. It should not be relied on by any other party for other purposes. Certain statements made in this update are forward looking statements. Such statements have been made by the Directors in good faith using information available up until the date that they approved this update. Forward looking statements should be regarded with caution because of the inherent uncertainties in economic trends and business risks. 4. The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Group to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation, Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014. Upon the publication of this announcement via Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Notes to Editors: discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group supplies application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of long-term repeating revenue is generated. The Group focuses on key target markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely industrial automation & connectivity, security, renewable energy, medical and the electrification of transportation. With this focus, the Group aims to grow well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net-zero. The Group, which has made 30 acquisitions in the last 15 years, employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 58 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 58 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and