BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc reported a trading update for the three months ended 31 December 2025, with group sales increasing by 5% at CER and 1% organically, while group orders rose by 9% at CER and 4% organically, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.03x. The Controls operating unit showed an improved sales trend and ahead-of-last-year organic orders, with robust gross margins, tightly managed working capital, and strong cash generation. The company has completed the acquisition of Keymat Technology Ltd and is progressing with the acquisition of Trival Antene d.o.o., maintaining a healthy pipeline of acquisition opportunities. The Group remains on track to deliver full-year adjusted earnings in line with Board expectations, positioning itself for continued through-cycle growth. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 02 February 2026 For Release 7.00am, 2 February 2026 discoverIE Group plc Q3 Trading Update discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or "the Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry , today issues a trading update for the three months ended 31 December 2025 ("the Period"). Group sales in the Period increased by 5% at CER (1) and by 1% organically (2) . Group orders increased by 9% at CER during the Period and by 4% organically for a book-to-bill ratio of 1.03x. The Controls operating unit, which has been slower to recover than the other three operating units, showed an improved trend in sales from the first half, with organic orders improving and ahead of last year. Gross margins remained robust, working capital tightly managed and cash generation continues to be strong. The order book gives good coverage for the final quarter, and accordingly, the Group remains on track to deliver full year adjusted earnings in line with the Board's expectations. Following receipt of regulatory approval, the acquisition of Keymat Technology Ltd has now been completed and approval for the acquisition of Trival Antene d.o.o is in progress. Additionally, there continues to be a healthy pipeline of acquisition opportunities in development. The Group is well positioned to continue its through-cycle growth both organically and inorganically. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc IR@discoverIEplc.com Nick Jefferies Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins Group Finance Director Lili Huang Head of Investor Relations Burson Buchanan 020 7466 5000 Chris Lane, Toto Berger discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes 1. Growth rates refer to the comparable prior year period unless stated. In calculating CER f or the Period, the average Sterling rate of exchange strengthened 4% against the US Dollar compared to the average rates for last year, while weakening 5% against the Euro and 7% on average against the three Nordic currencies. 2. Organic growth for the Group compared with last year is calculated at CER and is shown excluding the first 12 months of acquisitions post completion. 3. This trading update is based upon unaudited management accounts and has been prepared solely to provide additional information on trading to the shareholders of discoverIE Group plc. It should not be relied on by any other party for other purposes. Certain statements made in this update are forward looking statements. Such statements have been made by the Directors in good faith using information available up until the date that they approved this update. Forward looking statements should be regarded with caution because of the inherent uncertainties in economic trends and business risks. Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to achieve organic sales growth that is well ahead of GDP through the cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. With its key markets aligned with a sustainable future, the Group has been awarded an ESG "A" rating by MSCI and is Regional (Europe) Top Rated and Industry (Technology Hardware) Top Rated by Sustainalytics. The Group employs c.4,500 people across 20 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 58 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 58 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and