BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc announced that Group Finance Director Simon Gibbins acquired 4,603 ordinary shares for 782.778 pence each on August 3, 2026, and Non-Executive Director Clive Watson acquired 343 ordinary shares for 831.0 pence each on August 12, 2026, both through a dividend reinvestment plan. Following these transactions, Mr. Gibbins now holds 442,686 shares, representing approximately 0.45% of the issued share capital, and Mr. Watson holds 37,479 shares, approximately 0.04%. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 13 August 2026 13 August 2026 discoverIE Group plc Director / PDMR Shareholding discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or "the Company"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, announces that, on Monday 3 August 2026, Simon Gibbins, Group Finance Director, acquired 4,603 Ordinary Shares pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan ("DRIP") and that, on Wednesday 12 August 2026, Clive Watson, Non-Executive Director of the Company, acquired 343 Ordinary Shares pursuant to a DRIP. Following the acquisitions, Mr Gibbins has an interest in 442,686 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.45% of the Company's issued share capital and Mr Watson has an interest in 37,479 Ordinary Shares (approximately 0.04%). The following disclosures are made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc Greg Davidson - Company Secretary 01483 544 500 Buchanan Jamie Hooper, Toto Berger 020 7466 5000 discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes to Editors : About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group supplies application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of long-term repeating revenue is generated. The Group focuses on key target markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely industrial automation & connectivity, security, renewable energy, medical and the electrification of transportation. With this focus, the Group aims to grow well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net-zero. The Group, which has made 30 acquisitions in the last 15 years, employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Simon Gibbins 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Group Finance Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume 782.778 pence per share 4,603 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 3/8/2026 f) Place of the transaction LSE 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Clive Watson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume 831.0 pence per share 343 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 12/8/2026 f) Place of the transaction LSE This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Canal+ SA 51 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and