BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc has announced the submission of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026, along with the Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 and Form of Proxy, to the National Storage Mechanism and its website. These documents provide shareholders with detailed financial information and details regarding the upcoming annual general meeting. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 18 June 2026 discoverIE Group plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2026 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026 discoverIE Group plc (LSE:DSCV, the "Company"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, announces that the following documents have today been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, where they will shortly be available for viewing at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism : · Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026 · Notice of Annual General Meeting 2026 · Form of Proxy The Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of Annual General Meeting can also be downloaded from the Company's website at www.discoverIEplc.com . Hard copies of these documents have been posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc 01483 544 500 Greg Davidson - Company Secretary Burson Buchanan Jamie Hooper, Toto Berger 020 7466 5000 discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group supplies application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of long-term repeating revenue is generated. The Group focuses on key target markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely industrial automation & connectivity, security, renewable energy, medical and the electrification of transportation. With this focus, the Group aims to grow well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net-zero. The Group, which has made 30 acquisitions in the last 15 years, employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 58 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 58 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and