BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc has acquired a 90% interest in North American-based 3Gmetalworx for US$67.5m (£50.0m) in cash, funded by existing debt facilities, to bolster its presence in security and defence markets. 3Gmetalworx, which designs and manufactures electromagnetic shielding and thermal management products, reported unaudited revenues of $19.6m (£14.5m) for the 12 months ended 31 December 2025, with an adjusted operating profit margin exceeding discoverIE's 17% target. This acquisition is expected to be immediately accretive to the Group's adjusted earnings and operating margin, increasing proforma consensus gearing from 1.7x to 2.2x as of 31 March 2026, with a projected return to approximately 1.8x by the financial year-end. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 19 May 2026 7.00am, 19 May 2026 discoverIE Group plc Acquisition of 3Gmetalworx North American acquisition with primary focus on security & defence market discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or the "Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, today announces the acquisition, of a 90% interest in 3Gmetalworx ("3G"), a North American-based designer and manufacturer of electromagnetic shielding products for the electronics industry. The interest in 3G is being acquired for a cash consideration of US$67.5m (£50.0m) on a debt free, cash free basis which will be funded from the Group's existing debt facilities. 3G management, who retain a 10% (1) interest, will remain in the business to deliver growth objectives into the medium term. The acquisition supports our strategy of building a differentiated, growth-focused electronics group by strengthening our North American presence in attractive, long-term growth markets, such as security and aerospace & defence. Founded in 1994, 3G designs and manufactures electromagnetic shielding and thermal management products for use in electronic equipment with its main markets being aerospace & defence, commercial space satellite and industrial. Demand for these products is growing rapidly as communication needs continue to increase. The business has production and sales facilities in Toronto, Canada and in the US in St. Petersburg (Florida) and Oceanside (California). 3G will join the Group's Connectivity operating unit within the Sensing & Connectivity division, retaining its distinct brand identity. It will work alongside MTC, our existing European based electromagnetic shielding business, which has achieved strong, consistent sales and profit growth since being acquired in 2011. Other businesses in the Group will also benefit from access to 3G's extensive customer base and sales channels, particularly in North America. The business has a strong financial track record, with unaudited revenues for the 12 months ended 31 December 2025 of $19.6m (£14.5m) and an adjusted operating profit margin that is well ahead of discoverIE's medium-term target of 17%. This acquisition is subject to receipt of regulatory approvals with completion expected in the next few months. From completion, the acquisition will be immediately accretive to the Group's adjusted earnings and operating margin. The Group's proforma consensus gearing (2) at 31 March 2026 will increase from 1.7x to 2.2x and is expected to fall to c.1.8x by end of the current financial year. Nick Jefferies, Group Chief Executive of discoverIE, said: "The acquisition of 3G continues our strategy of building a growth-focused, international electronics group with strong operating margins and cashflow, and will be accretive to both the Group's adjusted earnings and operating margin. This transaction is discoverIE's second recent acquisition with a primary focus on the security and defence market. 3G is an excellent business with a strong management team and growth prospects. We welcome the team and look forward to working with them to build our position in its products and markets both in North America and in Europe." For further information please contact: discoverIE Group plc IR@discoverIEplc.com Nick Jefferies Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins Group Finance Director Lili Huang Head of Investor Relations Burson Buchanan 020 7466 5000 Jamie Hooper, Toto Berger discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes 1. The shares held by management are subject to put / call options exercisable between the third and fifth anniversaries of the date of completion. Once exercised, the Group will own 100% of the business. 2. Gearing ratio is defined as net debt (excluding IFRS16) divided by adjusted EBITDA (annualised for acquisitions). The Group's banking covenant is 3.5 times. 3. The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Group to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation, Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014. Upon the publication of this announcement via Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to grow well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. The Group, which has made 30 acquisitions in the last 15 years, employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and