BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc reported a strong fourth quarter with 16% CER order growth and 5% CER sales growth, driven by increased demand across its divisions, particularly Magnetics & Controls and Sensing & Connectivity. For the full year, orders grew 9% CER and sales increased 5% reported and CER, with acquisitions contributing 3% to sales. The company is on track to deliver earnings per share growth in line with consensus expectations and has completed the acquisition of Trival Antene d.o.o. Year-end gearing is expected to be around 1.2x, or 1.7x proforma including Trival, comfortably within the target range. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 17 April 2026 For Release 7.00am, 17 April 2026 discoverIE Group plc Q4 and full year trading update discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or the "Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, today issues a trading update for its fourth quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2026 ahead of the announcement of its preliminary results on 3 June 2026. Fourth quarter Group trading accelerated in the fourth quarter with all operating units experiencing a strong sequential increase in demand, reflected in both orders and sales. In particular, the Magnetics & Controls division experienced a strong pick-up in demand from major industrial and medical customers, and orders in Controls grew strongly organically for the third consecutive quarter. The Sensing & Connectivity division also made encouraging progress, led by improvement in orders especially from the industrial, security and wireless segments. Group orders in the fourth quarter increased by 16% CER (1) and by 15% organically (2) and were ahead of sales for the third consecutive quarter, with customers increasing both their short-term demand and extending order periods. Group sales in the fourth quarter increased by 6% CER and by 5% organically. Acquisitions contributed 1%. Full year Full year Group orders increased by 9% CER and by 5% organically and were ahead of sales with the Group order book increasing by 6% over the first half. Full year Group sales increased by 5% (both reported and CER) and by 2% organically, with a 3% contribution from acquisitions. O rganic sales for both divisions increased by 2%. Gross margins remain robust, reflecting the strength of our differentiated value proposition. The continued focus on generating efficiencies from our international footprint, together with reducing interest costs, has supported earnings momentum, with the Group on-track to deliver another year of growth in adjusted earnings per share in-line with consensus market expectations (3) . With the acceleration in demand, we made additional investments this year in operating capacity, with further production in Thailand and a new enlarged facility in India, due to complete in the first half of the new financial year, along with additional engineering and sales capacity in the US and Europe to drive further growth. Regulatory approval for the acquisition of Trival Antene d,o,o ("Trival"), announced on 4 December 2025, has been received and completion occurred earlier this month. Trival is a Slovenian-based designer and manufacturer of communication antennae and masts for the defence and industrial markets. With continuing strong operating cash flow, year-end gearing (4) is expected to have reduced to c.1.2x, with proforma gearing including Trival, expected to be c.1.7x, comfortably within our target range. The Group has a number of acquisition opportunities in development and along with our pipeline of organic opportunities and design wins, it is very well placed for further resilient growth. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc IR@discoverIEplc.com Nick Jefferies Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins Group Finance Director Lili Huang Head of Investor Relations Burson Buchanan 020 7466 5000 Jamie Hooper, Toto Berger discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes 1. Growth rates refer to the comparable prior year period unless stated. In calculating CER f or the year, the average Sterling rate of exchange strengthened 5% against the US Dollar compared to the average rate for last year, while weakening 3% against the Euro and 5% on average against the three Nordic currencies. In calculating CER f or the fourth quarter, the average Sterling rate of exchange strengthened 7% against the US Dollar compared to the average rate for last year, while weakening 4% against the Euro and 7% on average against the three Nordic currencies. 2. Organic growth for the Group compared with last year is calculated at CER and is shown excluding the first 12 months of acquisitions post completion. 3. Company compiled consensus for adjusted earnings per share is 40.1p. Company compiled consensus can be found on www.discoverIEplc.com 4. Gearing is defined as net debt divided by underlying EBITDA (excluding IFRS 16, annualised for acquisitions). Proforma gearing includes the acquisition of Trival (acquired April 2026) as if it had been acquired at 31 March 2026. 5. This trading update is based upon unaudited management accounts and has been prepared solely to provide additional information on trading to the shareholders of discoverIE Group plc. It should not be relied on by any other party for other purposes. Certain statements made in this update are forward looking statements. Such statements have been made by the Directors in good faith using information available up until the date that they approved this update. Forward looking statements should be regarded with caution because of the inherent uncertainties in economic trends and business risks. Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to grow organically well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. The Group employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 58 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 58 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 58 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and