BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc has announced the acquisition of Trival, a Slovenian designer and manufacturer of communication antennae and masts for defence and professional applications, for an initial cash consideration of €45.5m (£39.9m), with potential deferred and earn-out payments totaling up to €7.15m (£6.25m). Trival, which reported unaudited revenues of €12.7m (£11.1m) for the twelve months ended 31 December 2024 and has an operating profit margin above discoverIE's 17% target, will join the Group's Connectivity operating unit. This acquisition, expected to be accretive to earnings and operating margin, will increase discoverIE's proforma gearing to 1.8x from 1.3x as of 30 September 2025, following the recent acquisition of Keymat Technology Ltd, remaining comfortably within the Group's target range. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 04 December 2025 7.00am, 4 December 2025 discoverIE Group plc Acquisition of Trival - focused on security market discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or the "Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, today announces the acquisition, subject to certain regulatory approvals, of Trival Antene d,o,o ("Trival"), a Slovenian-based designer and manufacturer of communication antennae and masts for defence and professional applications. Trival is being acquired for an initial cash consideration of €45.5m (£39.9m) on a debt free, cash free basis, before expenses, and will be funded from the Group's existing debt facilities. In addition, deferred consideration of up to €1.65m (£1.45m) will be payable subject to certain conditions twelve months from completion and an earn-out of up to €5.5m (£4.8m) will be payable subject to Trival achieving certain growth and performance conditions in the period up to 31 March 2028. Founded in 1965, Trival produces antennae used principally in land-based defence applications including handheld, manpack, mobile and fixed radio communications systems and sells internationally into c.70 countries. The acquisition is consistent with discoverIE's strategy of targeting long-term growth markets, in this case the security market, where other businesses in the Group will benefit from access to its extensive customer base and proven sales channels. Trival, under its existing ongoing management, will join the Group's Connectivity operating unit within the Sensing & Connectivity division, retaining its distinct brand identity. It has a strong financial track record, with unaudited revenues for the 12 months ended 31 December 2024 of €12.7m (£11.1m) and an adjusted operating profit margin that is well above discoverIE's medium-term target of 17%. This acquisition is subject to receipt of regulatory approvals with completion expected by the end of this financial year. From completion, the acquisition will be accretive to both the Group's adjusted earnings and operating margin. Including the acquisition of Keymat Technology Ltd which was recently signed, the Group's proforma gearing 1 at 30 September 2025 will increase from 1.3x to 1.8x, comfortably within our target range. The Group retains significant headroom against its recently extended facilities and the pipeline of acquisition opportunities in development remains strong. Nick Jefferies, Group Chief Executive of discoverIE, said: "The acquisition of Trival continues our strategy of building a differentiated, international, growth-focused electronics group with strong operating margins and will be accretive to both the Group's adjusted earnings and operating margin on completion. This transaction brings another high-quality business into discoverIE and is our first which is focused mainly on our security target market. We welcome the team and very much look forward to working with them." For further information please contact: discoverIE Group plc IR@discoverIEplc.com Nick Jefferies Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins Group Finance Director Lili Huang Head of Investor Relations Burson Buchanan 020 7466 5000 Chris Lane, Toto Berger discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes 1. Gearing ratio is defined as net debt (excluding IFRS16) divided by adjusted EBITDA (annualised for acquisitions). Proforma gearing includes the acquisitions of Trival and Keymat as if they had been acquired at 30 September 2025. 2. The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Group to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation, Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014. Upon the publication of this announcement via Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is an international group of businesses that design and manufacture innovative electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to achieve organic growth that is well ahead of GDP and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. With its key markets aligned with a sustainable future, the Group has been awarded an ESG "A" rating by MSCI and is Regional (Europe) Top Rated and Industry (Technology Hardware) Top Rated by Sustainalytics. The Group employs c.4,500 people across 20 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Canal+ SA 51 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and