BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc announced the application for admission of 1,000,000 new ordinary shares to the London Stock Exchange, expected on December 19, 2025, which will be issued to its Employee Benefit Trust. Following this, the company's total issued share capital will be 97,356,109 ordinary shares, representing the total number of voting rights available to shareholders for disclosure and transparency rule calculations. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 16 December 2025 16 December 2025 discoverIE Group plc ("discoverIE", the "Company") Issue of Equity & Total Voting Rights discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or the "Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, announces that an application has been made for admission of 1,000,000 shares (the "New Ordinary Shares") to the premium listing segment of the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") and to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange (together "Admission"). It is expected that Admission will take place at 8.00 a.m. on 19 December 2025. The New Ordinary Shares will be issued to the Company's Employee Benefit Trust to satisfy, inter alia, exercises of awards under option. Total voting rights Following Admission becoming effective, the Company's issued share capital will consist of 97,356,109 ordinary shares with voting rights. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company will be 97,356,109. This figure may be used by shareholders in the Company as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the disclosure guidance issued by the FCA and the transparency rules made by the FCA under section 89A(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (" FSMA ") (together, the " Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ") . Contacts For further information please contact: discoverIE 01483 544 500 Nick Jefferies, Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins, Group Finance Director Lili Huang, Head of Investor Relations Buchanan 020 7466 5000 Chris Lane, Toto Berger, Jack Devoy Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is an international group of businesses that design and manufacture innovative electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to achieve organic sales growth that is well ahead of GDP through the cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. With its key markets aligned with a sustainable future, the Group has been awarded an ESG "A" rating by MSCI and is Regional (Europe) Top Rated and Industry (Technology Hardware) Top Rated by Sustainalytics. The Group employs c.4,500 people across 20 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Canal+ SA 51 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and