BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc has announced a significant expansion of its manufacturing capacity in India with the opening of a new 9,000m² facility in Jigani, Bangalore, more than doubling its existing footprint and tripling its capacity. This investment supports increasing customer demand in India and internationally, particularly for its Noratel business which manufactures specialised power transformers and magnetic components for electrification applications. Approximately 70% of current production serves Indian customers in rapidly expanding renewable energy and infrastructure markets, and this expansion follows the UK-India Free Trade Agreement. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 19 August 2026 Reach 7.00am, 19 August 2026 discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group announces major expansion of manufacturing capacity in India discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or "the Group"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry , announces the opening of a new manufacturing facility in Bangalore, India to support increasing customer demand both across the region and international. The new facility, which forms part of the Group's previously announced programme of capacity expansion in high growth markets, represents a significant step in discoverIE's long-term growth strategy in India and strengthens its ability to support increasing customer demand across domestic and export markets. Located in Jigani, Bangalore, the new 9,000m² site more than doubles the footprint of discoverIE's existing Bangalore operation and provides three times the capacity. This expanded capacity will enable discoverIE to support existing customer growth and pursue new opportunities. The Group's operation in Bangalore forms part of discoverIE's Noratel business, which manufactures specialised power transformers and magnetic components for electrification applications. The operation has delivered strong growth in recent years, supported by demand from local customers and new project wins in key electrification sectors. Approximately 70% of current production serves customers in India, including within its rapidly expanding renewable energy and infrastructure markets. The opening of the new facility follows the UK-India Free Trade Agreement coming into force in July 2026 and demonstrates discoverIE's confidence in India's long-term growth potential, as well as the strengthening commercial relationship between the UK and India. Nick Jefferies, Group Chief Executive of discoverIE, commented: "India is one of the world's most dynamic economies and an increasingly important market for discoverIE. This investment reflects our confidence in the country's long-term growth prospects and the opportunities we see supporting customers across multiple markets. The new Bangalore facility strengthens our manufacturing capability and demonstrates our commitment to such an important growth market." For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc Nick Jefferies Group Chief Executive Simon Gibbins Group Finance Director Lili Huang Head of Investor Relations IR@discoverIEplc.com Burson Buchanan 0207466 5000 Jamie Hooper, Toto Berger discoverIE@buchanan.uk.com Notes 1. discoverIE currently employs over 400 people in its operations in Trivandrum and Bangalore. Notes to Editors: discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to grow well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. The Group, which has made 30 acquisitions in the last 15 years, employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Tharisa (DI) 2 hours ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Tritax Big Box Reit 2 hours ago Rockfire Resources 2 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and