BETA Close X discoverIE Group plc announced on June 10, 2026, that options were granted under its Long-Term Incentive Plan and Deferred Share Bonus Plan to directors Nick Jefferies and Simon Gibbins. Nick Jefferies received 155,010 LTIP awards and 9,789 DSBP awards, along with additional awards of 22,144 LTIP options to cover National Insurance Contributions. Simon Gibbins was granted 94,171 LTIP awards and 5,447 DSBP awards, plus an additional 18,834 LTIP options for National Insurance Contributions. These awards, granted for nil consideration, will vest on June 11, 2029, subject to performance targets and holding periods. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 11 June 2026 11 June 2026 discoverIE Group plc Director LTIP & DSBP Awards discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or "the Company"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, announces that, on 10 June 2026, options were granted for nil consideration over the following numbers of ordinary shares in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") under the 2021 discoverIE Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") and the 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP") (together the "Awards"): Director / PDMR LTIP Awards granted DSBP Awards granted Nick Jefferies 155,010 9,789 Simon Gibbins 94,171 5,447 The LTIP Awards will vest on 11 June 2029, subject to the achievement of performance targets measured over a three-year period. Vested options will be subject to an additional two-year holding period. In addition to the LTIP Awards noted above, a further 22,144 and 18,834 options over Ordinary Shares were granted to Nick Jefferies and Simon Gibbins, respectively, in return for them bearing some or all of the Company's liability for the employers' National Insurance Contributions arising on exercise. The additional awards ensure that they are in a neutral position on an after-tax basis. The DSBP Awards follow the deferral of 20% of each Director's bonus entitlement for the year ended 31 March 2026. Subject to the Rules of the DSBP, these Awards will also vest on 11 June 2029. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc Greg Davidson - Company Secretary 01483 544 500 Notes to Editors : About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is a leading international group of businesses that design and manufacture customised electronic components for industrial applications. The Group supplies application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of long-term repeating revenue is generated. The Group focuses on key target markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely industrial automation & connectivity, security, renewable energy, medical and the electrification of transportation. With this focus, the Group aims to grow well ahead of GDP through the economic cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions, compounding growth. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net-zero. The Group, which has made 30 acquisitions in the last 15 years, employs c.4,600 people across 21 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Nick Jefferies 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction (a) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2021 Long ‐ Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP Award") (b) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP Award") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume LTIP Award Nil 177,154 DSBP Award Nil 9,789 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 10 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Simon Gibbins 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Group Finance Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction (a) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2021 Long ‐ Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP Award") (b) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP Award") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume LTIP Award Nil 113,005 DSBP Award Nil 5,447 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 10 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and