Director LTIP & DSBP Awards discoverIE Group plc 12 June 2025 12 June 2025 discoverIE Group plc Director LTIP & DSBP Awards discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE" or "the Company"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, announces that, on 11 June 2025, options were granted for nil consideration over the following numbers of ordinary shares in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") under the 2021 discoverIE Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") and the 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP") (together the "Awards"): Director / PDMR LTIP Awards granted DSBP Awards granted Nick Jefferies 141,822 12,997 Simon Gibbins 84,872 7,086 The LTIP Awards will vest on 12 June 2028, subject to the achievement of performance targets measured over a three-year period. Vested options will be subject to an additional two-year holding period. In addition to the LTIP Awards noted above, a further 7,956 options over Ordinary Shares were granted to Simon Gibbins in return for him bearing a proportion of the Company's liability for the employers' National Insurance Contributions arising on exercise. The additional award ensures he is in a neutral position on an after-tax basis. The DSBP Awards follow the deferral of 20% of each Director's bonus entitlement for the year ended 31 March 2025. Subject to the Rules of the DSBP, these Awards will also vest on 12 June 2028. For further information, please contact: discoverIE Group plc Greg Davidson - Company Secretary 01483 544 500 Notes to Editors : About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is an international group of businesses that design and manufacture innovative electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to achieve organic growth that is well ahead of GDP and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. With its key markets aligned with a sustainable future, the Group has been awarded an ESG "A" rating by MSCI and is Regional (Europe) Top Rated and Industry (Technology Hardware) Top Rated by Sustainalytics. The Group employs c.4,500 people across 20 countries with its principal operating units located in Continental Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Nick Jefferies 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Group Chief Executive b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction (a) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2021 Long ‐ Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP Award") (b) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP Award") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume LTIP Award Nil 141,822 DSBP Award Nil 12,997 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 11 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Simon Gibbins 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Group Finance Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction (a) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2021 Long ‐ Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP Award") (b) Award made pursuant to the Company's 2024 Deferred Share Bonus Plan ("DSBP Award") c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume LTIP Award Nil 92,828 DSBP Award Nil 7,086 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 11 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and