assovertz.]

Fenue) Raped 21s Aeacowetes
(ior Ge yeer anetad BD) Mende es

| Company sare. RASA

| discoverlE\Groupipic}

“sustainable world

zt

a

FA

g

PA

a

8

s pvos/2024

. COMPANIES HOUSE
= *AD8DBIMP*

A07 29/07/2024 #85,

COMPANIES HOUSE

Welcome to the 2024
Annual Report

| se

discoverlE is a leading w . .
international designer and Our VISION IS iKe)

manufacturer of customised

electronics for industrial be a leading
applications. We create innovative in novator in

electronics that deliver value

to our customers, whilst electronics,

making positive impacts on 2 > .
the environment, society and iAternationally

people's lives : 4‘ ¢

Strategic Report Corporate Governance
Highlights 01 The Board 86 Consolidated Statement
The discoverlE Difference 02 Chairman's Introduction gg of Financial Position 150
Consolidated Statement
Group at a Glance 04 Corporate Governance Report Ee seer spell 151
Chairman's Statement 12 Audit and Risk Commitiee Report 100
Consolidated Statement of

Investment Case 15 Nomination Committee Report 108 Cash Flows 152
Our Strategy 16 Directors’ Report NO Notes to the Group Consolidated
Key Performance indicators 19 Directors’ Remuneration Report. ‘13. Financial Statements 153
Strategy in Action 20 Statement of Directors’ Company Statement of
Market Overview 24 Responsibilities in Respect of the Financial Position 203

Financial Statements 139
Our Business Model 2” Of Chances in Eoiy 204
Strategic and Operational Review 30. Financial Statements Notes to the Company
Financial Review 38. Independent Auditors Report Financial Statements 205
Our Engagement with a .
Stakeholders 44 Group ple 140 Additional information

i iF

Section 172 Statement 46 onsoidated Statement o yep Five Year Record 207
Sustainability Report 48 supplementary Statement of Principal Locations 208
Summary Disclosure Against Profit or Loss Information 4B Financial Calendar 2024/25 209
TCFD Recommendations 65 Consolidated Statement Corporate Information 209
Risk Management TV of Comprehensive Income 49
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 75
Viability Statement 82
Non-Financial Information and
Sustainability Statement 84

discoverl€ Group ple Innovative Electronics

HIGHLIGHTS

FINANCIAL

croup UNDERLYING UNDERLYING
REVENUE OPERATING PROFIT* EPs?

£437.0m £57.2m 36.8p
+10% +5%

-3%

REPORTED UNDERLYING OPERATING FULL YEAR DIVIDEND
OPERATING PROFIT? CASH FLOW? PER SHARE

£31.2m £59.2m 12.0p
-10% +22% +5%

Fyv22

STRATEGIC
UNDERLYING SALES BEYOND
OPERATING MARGIN? EUROPE
9, 0,
13.1% 41%
Fez Fv22 : how |
nas} nas
— na
TARGET CARBON
MARKET SALES* EMISSIONS REDUCTION®

75% 47%

35%

cv23

Notes:

1. “Underlying operating profit’, “underlying operating margin’, and “underlying EPS", are non-IFRS financial measures used by the Directors to assess the
underlying performance of the Group. These measures exclude amortisation of acquired intangible assets of £16.2m and acquisition and disposal expenses of
£98m, totalling £26.0m. Equivalent underlying adjustments within the FY2023 underlying results totalled £17.2m. For further information, see note 6 on pages 164
10168,

2. Reported operating profit growth below underlying operating growth because of the disposal of the Santon solar business unit and more acquisitions in the year.

3. "Underlying operating cash Now” is a non-IFRS financial measure. It is underlying EBITOA adjusted for the investment in, oF release of, working capital and less the
cash cost of capital expenditure and lease payments.

4 Target markets are renewable energy, transportation, medical, and industrial 8 connectivity.
5. Senne 1 £ 2 emissions reduction against C¥2! baseline.

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2024 o1

—

THE discoverlE DIFFERENCE

At discoverlE, we are
more than just electronics
manufacturers. We are a
global leader in designing
and building customised,
niche solutions that
empower industries.

Our innovations not

only deliver exceptional
value to our customers
but also contribute to a
more sustainable and
equitable world.

Our Culture

We embrace a decentralised operating
model, and our success hinges on a
culture built on respect, fairness, and
equality. In turn, our decentralised
structure strengthens a culture that
empowers our teams, fosters open
communication, and unites us towards
our shared vision and ambitions.

These core values and the collaborative
spirit of our global workforce fuel

our passion for innovation, guide

our decision-making, and propel us
towards achieving our mission of
providing the highest quality products
and services to our customers, whilst,
creating a positive impact on the

environment, society and people's lives.

discoverlE Group ple_Innovative

To create innovative electronics
that help improve the world and
people's lives

To design and manufacture innovative electronics that help our customers
create ever better technical solutions around the world. We aim to achieve this
through a motivated, entrepreneurial and empowered workforce that adheres
to the highest ethical and quality standards.

To be a leading global innovator in
electronics

Our Values

These are our fundamental beliefs and principles that guide our

decision-making:

= Integrity - we act with honesty and openness, treating our partners and

stakeholders fairly

= Quality - we strive for excellence and make constant improvements that
deliver superior value to our customers

= Empowerment - we inspire growth and innovation by providing an

entrepreneurial environment

* Collaboration - we work together, trust and respect each other

® Positive impact - we care about the environment and societies we live in
and commit to making a positive impact

Dedication and determination

- driven by empowerment and @
sense of ownership

Customer centricity - allow
employees closest to the customers
to make decisions that directly
affect customer satisfaction
Respect, fairness and equality

- create an open and inclusive
environment in which everyone
has an equal opportunity to flourish
and grow

Open communication - create
a trusting environment where
information flows freely and
collaboration thrives

Target driven - strive for results
and high performance

The importance of cultural fit in the
acquisitions we make

For a decentralised Group like
discoverlE, cultural fit with the
businesses we acquire is crucial to

our and their long-term success. We
thrive on empowered employees and
independent decision-making, close
to our customers. Acquired businesses
benefit from being part of a larger
group of like-minded businesses that
are able to meet the local needs of their
stakeholders whilst retaining their own
identity.

By factoring in cultural fit, we can
ensure acquired businesses seamlessly
integrate into our existing structure,
preserving the agility and innovation
that make discoverlE successful.

How we operate differently

Adecentralised model Strength in our clusters

The discoverlE Group consists of 26
operating businesses, specialising

in different technologies. Based on
technology areas, these businesses
are grouped into two divisions -
Magnetics & Controls and Sensing

& Connectivity, each with its own
divisional head. Each business
operates autonomously under its
own brand within a well-defined
framework and is supported by

the Group's central resources. This
emphasis on decentralised decision-
making fosters a strong sense of
ownership and accountability within
individual businesses

Our sustainability focus areas

Our sustainability
programme has
three pillars:

Businesses within each division with
similar or adjacent technologies are
grouped into clusters. The clustering
approach makes it easy to identify
synergies and foster collaboration
among the operating businesses.
Instead of adding another
management layer, a leadership
team from within the cluster takes
the lead. This keeps the structure
flat, allowing for faster decision-
making and greater agility.

Our Planet
Creating a positive
impact on our
environment

Our People
Keeping
our people safe
and happy

iStrategiclReport}

Sustainable approach

At discoverlE, sustainability is
embedded throughout our
business. We design long-lasting,
energy-efficient products that
minimise service or replacement
needs. We focus on markets that
are aligned with the UN Sustainable
Development Goals ("SOGs")

We recognise that sustainability

is a shared responsibility. By
collaborating with our customers
and suppliers on their sustainability
journeys, we strive to help them
achieve their environmental goals,
whilst working to achieve our own.

Our Products
Ensuring product
reliability and
sustainability

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 3) March 202%

GROUP AT A GLANCE

discoverlE is a global leader
in innovative electronic
components for industrial
applications.

Our international network of businesses design and
manufacture differentiated products, catering to key
growth markets worldwide, Our in-house engineering
teams and a global manufacturing footprint allow us to
deliver ever better technical solutions to our customers.

Revenue Underlying
operating profit

|

North America

© M&C £265m © MSC £406m
S&C £172m OD $8c £289m

Our UN SDG-aligned

target markets Our divisions

Re bie E Magnetics & Controls Revenue breakdown
g renewable Energy Comprises the magnetic components, _

More electricity will come from solar -

embedded computing and human-machine
interface businesses. It consists of two clusters -
magnetics and human-machine interface - and
= ; six standalone businesses, across 17 countries
iE] Transportation with 21 manufacturing sites. Produces electronics
= Green cities and a clean future drive for signal conditioning, power conversion and
demand for electric transport switching, monitoring and remote control,
communication and interface control.

and wind in the coming decades as the
world is racing to meet net zero goals

UK-6%
Nordics - 23%
Rest of Europe ~ 26%
N. America ~ 26%

> Asia & ROW - 19%

and better healthcare access fuel a rise
in demand for electronic devices

an Medical
Chronic diseases, ageing populations

Industria! & Connectivity iT ivity Revenue breakdown
The rise of the Industrial Internet of Comprises four clusters - sensing, RF/wireless -

Things, SG and artificial intelligence is communication, fibre optic and connectors -

creating an ever-increasing need for and three standalone connectivity businesses,

electronics across nine countries with 1S manufacturing

sites. Produces electronics for X-ray detection,

Ee wireless transmission, fibre optic and cable
READ MORE ABOUT OUR TARGET connection, electromagnetic shielding and UK -22%
MARKETS ON PAGES 24 70 27 sensing components for measuring movement, Nordi¢s -10%

temperature, pressure, position, force and load.

Rest of Europe - 34%
N. America - 23%
Asia & ROW - 11%

04 discoverl€ Group ple Innovative Electronics

te] mscsoles representative CQ

s8C manufacturing ste [[]  s&Csales representative Q

Revenue Magnetics Controls
: x ‘ i
curs : beaeon.:
| HOBART N | Embeddedworks
{ eeecraomes FLUX, © HECTRONIC : egiemecd H
| SHAPE’ e Vertec \oeeseeseeeeeeeed

TH Indicates
our Clusters

Revenue Sensing

; yoo
jg varionm % EUROSENSOR :
$5 creo’ HEASON H
“| V PHOENIX “y LIMITOR i
! ‘4 HERGA ' _
| ‘Y MAGNASPHERE | ; 6 REO
4 : HH sarrton
ge ‘7 POSITEK : mtc SENS-TecH ‘weer selon sontions OUR CLUSTERS
“6 aan nnns) ON PAGE 28

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2024 os

To areas Immovestive

electronics that make
@ difierence,
contributing to

@) UUe)

Incorporating proven

Our aim is teehee

Our products are based on proven
technologies, which is the key to
creating successful and reliable

V products. The challenging task is
applying such technology to meet
the requirements of a specific

On O
application. This requires a deep
a OS [ [ Wie understanding of the application itself
as well as the technology. Our team of

electronics, mechanical, and software
engineers have in-depth knowledge

e
of the technologies and a wealth of
eco experience in applying them. They work
hand-in-hand with customers to find
the best solution for the application.

06 discoverl€ Group ple innovative Electronics

Working with customers to maximise our impact

Application 1: The maritime sector is undergoing @ green
revolution, with shipping companies and system integrators
seeking innovative solutions to meet emissions targets.

We are at the forefront of this change, collaborating with
industry leaders to retrofit existing vessels to enable them to
run on hybrid or renewable energy sources.

Our project-based, custom-designed products, such as
optimised single or 3-phase transformers and reactors, are
tailor-made for these new hybrid-electric or fully electric
propulsion systems.

We support our customers in their green transformations,
while contributing to a cleaner, lower carbon future for the
global economy.

Application 2: Since its inauguration in 2019, the Vande
Bharat Express has revolutionised travel across india. This
semi-high speed train significantly reduces travel times

on key routes - some by as much as 15%. We partner

with Siemens on this project, custom-designing and
manufacturing the crucial power systems which keep trains
operational. These systems ensure a constant and regulated
flow of electricity to power essential onboard functions such
as lighting, displays, and air conditioning.

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2024

07

DY
delivering
highly
customised
products...

Our products are essential components
for many industrial applications. We
focus on those markets that have
ong-term growth prospects and that
are aligned with the UN Sustainable
Development Goals.

READ MORE ABOUT HOW WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE UN SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT GOALS ON PAGES 52 TO 53

discoverlE Group ple, Innov

istrategic]Reporty

Our specialist electronic components are customised to
ensure optimal efficiency for the end user

IMagnetic;componentsifor]
fwind}turbinexsystems)

Application
Inductors to reduce harmonics in wind
energy conversion

Benefits

A variable speed wind turbine uses power
electronics converters to convert the AC
power generated by the turbine into DC,
then back to AC to feed into the grid.

The converter system creates harmonics
in the wind-generated power's voltage
ang current, reducing power quality. Our
custom-designed inductors reduce the
harmonics in the wind energy conversion
system, minimising power loss and
making the wind turbine system more
efficient.

Target market

Xtraydetection\forawaste]

Application
Dual energy X-ray detectors for sorting
waste materials

Benefits

Traditional metal sorting using magnets
can only sort between ferrous and
non-ferrous metals. However, using dual
energy X-ray measurements can sort
materials at much more granular level,
such as sorting aluminium by different
grades. This method helps to increase the
recovery of valuable materials, such as
minerals and metals.

Target market

[Embedded/solutionjfor]
[medicalldevices)

Application
Embedded microcomputer for wearable
cardiac monitoring device

Benefits

The compact, wearable device records
patients’ heartbeats for signs of potentially
dangerous arrhythmias and then wirelessly
transmits data to patient monitoring
services, allowing remote care and early
intervention. We design and build the
small embedded system comprising a
powerful application processor with
PC-like speeds and a wireless chipset with
Bluetooth and GPS support. The system is
designed for optimal efficiency, ensuring
extended operation on a single charge.

Target market

Renewable energy

Transportation

Medical

eyeeroased on
hnologyplatforms be
Seve.

Industrial & Connectivity

<=

oo S@rvilng
vital markets
contributing
to a more
sustainable
world.

SG"

ee

discoverlE Grou