ENABLING
TECHNOLOGY
FOR CRITICAL
APPLICATIONS

| wen
discoverle J nee

discoverlE Group pic

umber: 02008246,

Enabling technology for critical applications
— greener, more connected and secure.

Technology is reshaping how we generate
power, move, communicate and protect
critical infrastructure. As these systems
become more electrified, intelligent and
interconnected, the demand for highly
specialised, performance-critical electronics
continues to grow.

At the heart of this transformation are components that are small
in scale but critical in function - engineered into systems at an early
stage and relied upon for their full lifecycle.

This is where discoverlE operates

We design and manufacture highly customised, appiication-specific
electronics for industrial markets. Our solutions are embedded within
renewable energy systems, electrified transport, medical devices and
secure communications infrastructure - applications where reliability,
performance and long-term continuity are essential

Our purpose:
To create innovative electronics that help improve the
world and people's lives.

Our vision:
Our vision is to be a leading innovator in electronics,
internationally.

Our mission:

To design and manufacture innovative electronics that
help our customers create ever better technical solutions
around the world. We aim to achieve this through a
motivated, entrepreneurial and empowered workforce
that adheres to the highest ethical and quality standards.

We are the partner of choice for our markets,
designing and building customised, niche
solutions to empower global industry.

Our value proposition

> Read more on
page 6

How we grow
enduring value

> Read more on
page 10

Aligned to structural
growth markets

Delivering a strong
strategic performance

page 24

Shaped through
sustainability ambition

> Read more on
page 42

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026

Strategic Report

Highlights

Chairman's Statement

Our Value Proposition

Our Investment Proposition
Group at a Glance

Our Strategy

Key Strategic Indicators

(Our Strategy in Action

Our Business Model

Market Overview

Strategic and Operational Review
Financial Review

Our Engagement with Stakeholders
Section 172 Statement
Sustainability Report

Climate Analysis Report

Risk Management

Principal Risks and Uncertainties
Viability Statement

Non-financial and Sustainability
Information Statement
Corporate Governance

Board of Directors

Corporate Governance Report
Audit and Risk Committee Report
‘Nomination Committee Report
Directors Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report
Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
in Respect of the Financial Statements

Financial Statements
Independent Auditor's Report to the
Members of discoverlE Group ple
Consolidated Statement of

Profit or Loss

Supplementary Statement of

Profit or Loss Information
Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of

Financial Position

Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the Group Cons:
Financial Staternents
‘Company Statement of
Financial Position
Company Statement of
Changes in Equity
Notes to the Company
Financial Statements

Additional Information
Five-Year Record

Principal Locations
Financial Calendar
Corporate information

ol
02
06
o7

10
1
4
6
a)
24

Bdssek

74
79
85

87

90
104
no
2
n6

Be

140

150

150

1s)

152

153
154

ass

206

207

208

20

an
212
212

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

or

CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT

The Group continues to demonstrate
the resilience and quality of its business
model, underpinned by a clear strategy,
consistent capital allocation, and
strong execution. This provides a strong
foundation for delivering sustainable
long-term value for shareholders.”

Bruce Thompson
Chairman

This year's results reflect a robust performance despite market challenges.

A return to organic sales growth together with acquisition contributions have
helped deliver further growth in operating profits and earnings per share.

Once again, the high quality, resilient nature of the Group's earnings, along with
its capital-light model, has delivered excellent cash flow.

Group revenue

£443.3m

(FY 2024/25: £422.9m)

The Group has seen a return to organic sales and orders
growth with an improving trend through the year. In
response to this positive momentum, the Group has
invested in additional operating, sales and engineering
capacity, building additional agility and supporting future
growth. The Group continued to make excellent progress
operationally, generating efficiencies that partly come from
organising the businesses into clusters, thereby sharing

Adjusted operating profit

£61.0m

(FY 2024/25: £60.5m)

resources and know-how. These productivity gains have
been supplemented with further good progress on the
acquisition front.

Strategy

The Group's strategy remains consistent and underpins a
track record of delivering compounding growth for more
than fifteen years, The strategy delivers very resilient and

Adjusted EPS

40.3p

(FY 2024/25: 38.7p)

02 discoverlE Group ple Innovative Electronics

growing profitability, avoiding sharp cyclical movements
and maintaining earnings growth by virtue of its flexible
production cost base.

The Group designs and manufactures high-quality
components, created to meet customers’ unique
requirements, which generate secure, long-term revenues.
Our international, decentralised business model retains an
entrepreneurial mindset close to its customers, reacting
quickly to their needs with an efficient supply chain
Manufacturing is localised in response to opportunities and
trading conditions.

To deliver consistent, long-term growth, the Group focuses
‘on structurally growing markets where there is an essential
need for our products from major international original

equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"). Last year, security
and defence markets, where demand is accelerating
globally, were added to the Group's target markets. This
has increased the Group's total addressable market to over
$30bn, providing significant opportunities for growth.

Acquisitions are a key element of the Group's compounding
growth strategy. Since 201, the Group has acquired

30 specialised electronic design and manufacturing
businesses which have enhanced value and operating
margins and have been integrated to achieve efficiencies
and drive growth, discoverlé has a disciplined approach

to acquisitions and has many opportunities to grow
inorganically in a highly fragmented market.

The Group's capital-light model generates strong cash flows
which management reinvests into accelerating the strategy
and delivering further value creation for Shareholders.

In the last six months, the Group completed two.
acquisitions and announced a third, for a total consideration
of £95m, all of which are accretive to both adjusted earnings
and operating margins.

Trival Antene d.0©. ("Trival"), a Slovenian-based designer
and manufacturer of communication antennae and masts
for defence applications was acquired in April 2026 and
Keymat Technology Ltd trading under the name Storm
Interface ("Storm"), was acquired in December 2025. The
businesses and ongoing management teams are settling
into the Group operating clusters as integration takes place
‘and we expect to generate new commercial opportunities
for growth as part of the larger Group. We welcome the
‘employees of these businesses into the Group and look
forward to working with them.

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026

Additionally, in May we announced the acquisition, subject
to regulatory approval, of 3Gmetalworx ("3G"), a North
American designer and manufacturer of electromagnetic
shielding and thermal management products, further
strengthening the Group's presence in the region and the
aerospace & defence market.

Dividend and capital allocation

The Board is recommending a 4% (0.35 pence) increase
in the final dividend to 895 pence per share, giving a 4%
increase in the full year dividend per share to 13.0 pence

{FY 2024/25: 125 pence) and an adjusted earnings cover of
31 times (FY 2024/25: 31 times), The final dividend is payable
on 31 July 2026 to Shareholders registered on 26 June 2026
and the final date for Dividend Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP")
elections will be 10 July 2026.

The Board believes in maintaining a progressive dividend
policy along with a long-term dividend cover of over three
times earnings on an adjusted basis. This approach, along
with the continued development of the Group, will enable
funding of both dividend growth and a higher level of
investment in acquisitions from internally generated
resources.

Share buybacks will be considered if the Group has surplus
cash. Currently, the fragmented international market,

in which we operate, provides ample opportunity for
accretive acquisitions with excellent growth prospects and
the potential for high returns, as our recent acquisitions
illustrate. As such, our capital is currently deployed in this
direction. It is reviewed periodically.

Corporate Governance _—Strategic Report

Financial Statements

nal information

Add

03

04

CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT continueo

Full-year dividend per share

13.0p

(FY 2024/25: 12.Sp)

Total shareholder return

267%

(FY 2015/16 - FY 2025/26)

Board effectiveness

A regular external review of effectiveness is helpful
in maintaining a high-performing Board. This year, a
review confirmed that the Board and its Committees
operate effectively, with Directors demonstrating strong
commitment and constructive challenge. Whilst all
Directors viewed the Board as continuing to function welll
and toa high level, there are always opportunities for us to
improve. The actions identified through this review inform
the way we shape the Board agendas, ensuring it remains
responsive to the needs of the Group and its stakeholders.

Employees and culture

On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank everybody
at discoverlE for their sustained dedication, hard work,
initiative and support.

The Group comprises approximately 4,600 employees in
21 countries delivering essential components around the
world, By adopting an entrepreneurial and decentralised
operating environment, together with rigorous planning,
controls and investment, the Group has created an
ambitious and successful culture.

We aim to maintain a culture across the Group that:

is entrepreneurial
= is performance driven

«enables decision-making close to the customer through
a decentralised structure

= enables open, constructive communication with a
willingness to listen

= treats everybody equally and recognises the importance
of diversity

= ishonest, reliable, trusting and non-political

Sustainability and positive impact

In May 2025, the Group's greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions
reduction targets were validated and approved by the
Science Based Targets initiative ("SBTi’). The Group is
committed to achieving net-zero GHG emissions across its
value chain by 2040, supported by a clear transition plan.

discoverlE Group ple _ Innovative Electronics

The Group continues to make good progress on
implementing its net-zero plan. Over the past four years, it
has reduced Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 68% versus
the CY2021 baseline, exceeding its CY2025 target of 65% and
paving the way to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions
by 2030. The Group also advanced towards its CY 2030

goal of 100% clean electricity, sourcing 85% of electricity
from zero-emission sources in CY2025. A summary on our
progress to date, and future carbon emission reduction
plans, can be found in our updated ‘Road to Net-Zero
Emissions 2026' publication, which can be found on our
website at wwwdiscoveriepic coméustainability.

During the year, the Group reviewed its ESG strategy to
ensure continued alignment with evolving regulatory
requirements and the Group's strategic priorities. Following
this review, the Group reaffirmed its focus on Planet, People,
and Products. Please see this year's Sustainability Report on
pages 42 to 73 for more details.

The Group remains cammitted ta being a sacially
responsible employer, upholding the highest ethical
standards, maintaining strong employee relations, and
increasing diversity at all levels of the business. Building on
the adoption of a revised Group Health and Safety Policy,
and an inercased focus on safety over the last two years, the
reported number of lost time incidents fell hy 35% year-on-
year, and the lost time incident frequency rate reduced by
one third compared to FY 2024/25.

Summary

The Group is building a high quality electronics
compounding business that continues to deliver good
results through all stages of the economic cycle. Confidence
in the Group's ability to sustain this is supported by a strong
pipeline of organic and inorganic opportunities in attractive
markets, further supporting our compounding growth
profile

The market remains highly fragmented, with significant
scope to build further capability and extend geographic
reach through disciplined, accretive acquisitions. The
Board is excited by the opportunities and retains a high-
quality workforce, delivering essential products for our
customers, growing long-term profits and earnings for
our Shareholders, and contributing to the creation of a
sustainable environment.

The Group is well positioned for the future.

Bruce Thompson
Chairman

Additional information Financial Statements Corporate Governance

06

OUR VALUE
PROPOSITION

The trusted technical partner for our customers

discoverlé's competitive advantage is rooted in deep
engineering expertise, application knowledge and the
ability to co-develop specialised solutions for highly
demanding environments.

We operate in the custom industrial electronics market,
which is highly fragmented, with many small and
subscale local operators focused on narrow technology
niches. What differentiates discoverlE is our breadth
and depth of engineering capability, which enables us
to engage with customers at the earliest stages of their
product development

By working closely with customers during the design
phase, we develop critical components optimised for
performance, reliability, regulatory requirements and
specific operating environments.

discoverlE Group ple innovative Electronics

Once designed in, our products become an integral
part of customers’ systems. Replacing them would
require redesign, re-testing and re-certification,
introducing cost, delay and operational risk that
customers seek to avoid

Just as importantly, customers operating in regulated
and mission-critical markets particularly value our
technical capability, compliance expertise, and long-
term supply commitment. Combined with consistent
quality and long product lifecycles, this reinforces
discoverlE’s position as a trusted technical partner and
supports high customer retention, repeat revenues and
pricing resilience.

Our business model benefits from several structural
barriers that limit substitution and support long-term
customer relationships.

OUR INVESTMENT
PROPOSITION

Quality compounding growth for our investors

An electronics
compounder - why
invest in discoverlE
onics
1, creating
hareholder value
and developing
highly differentiated,
ngineering-led businesse:

specific components are
jigned into customers’
stems, resulting in
high barriers to entry,
low substitution risk and
strong customer retention
Strong cash generation,
disciplined capital allocation,
and reinvestment in
organic growth and vaiue:
1g acquisitions
nable the Group to
compound earnings ar
returns over tir

Cognitive Market Research: Industrial
Electronics Market Report 2025,
Continuing operations only, ie. excluding
the disposals of Acal BFi and Vertec SA.

in 2022 and the Santon solar business

in 2026,

‘Compound Annual Growth Rate.

Free cash flow conversion is defined as
net cash flow before dividend payments,
net proceeds from equity fund raising,
acquisition costs and business disposal
proceeds divided by adjusted profit

after tax

Return on capital employed and return
‘on tangible capital employed are defined
in note 6 of the Group consolidated
Financial Statements.

Structural growth markets
Increasing electronics content and the electrification
of products and processes continue to drive
long-term demand for electronic components.

We focus on five structurally attractive end markets
that are aligned to global megatrends and the UN
Sustainable Development Goals. Further detail on
these megatrends is set out on pages 18 to 23

Projected growth of industrial
electronics market’

5.6% p.a.

Target markets: Renewable
energy, Transportation, Medical,
Security and Industrial &
Connectivity represent 79% of
Group sales in FY 2025/26

High barriers to entry and substitution

Our products are highly customised, application-
specific and designed into customers’ systems at
an early stage. These mission-critical components
are technically complex and regulated, and whilst
a small part of total system cost, replacing them
would require costly redesign, re-testing and re-
certification, which introduce cost, risk and delay.
This is why we are often the single source for the
majority of the products we provide. Combined
with long product lifecycles, deep engineering
expertise and long-standing customer relationships,
this results in very low substitution risk and strong
customer retention.

Longest customer
relationship

30+ years

Long-standing customer
relationships and stable, repeat
revenue

Strong financials

GiscoverlE has a proven track record of delivering
sustainable, profitable growth and continuous
margin improvement. A robust balance sheet, with
gearing broadly in line with the Group's stated range
of 1Sx - 20x, together with excellent cash generation,
underpins financial flexibility and supports further
value-enhancing acquisitions. Learn more about our
financial performance on pages 34 to 37.

Adjusted operating profit
growth? of

15% CAGR’

from FY2021-F 2026

Free cash flow conversion‘ of

101%

‘on average from FY2021-FY2026

Proven strategy for growth

Our strategy is to deliver organic growth well ahead
of GDP through the economic cycle by focusing

on structural growth markets and an expanding,
differentiated product offering. This is complemented
by earnings- and margin-enhancing acquisitions,
underpinned by a disciplined capital allocation
framework. We have a proven track record of delivering
against our strategic and financial objectives. Learn
more about our Strategy on pages 10 to 15.

Revenue growth of

8% CAGR

from FY2021-FY2026

Disciplined capital allocation
We applya disciplined and consistent capital
allocation framework focused on maximising
long-term Shareholder value. Capital is allocated

to support organic investment, complemented

by value-enhancing acquisitions that strengthen

our technical capabilities and market positions.
Astrong balance sheet underpins this approach,
whilst progressive dividends reflect confidence in the
Group's cash generation and long-term outlook.

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026

Return on capital employed! of
15.3%
on average fromm FY2021-FY2026

Return on tangible capital
employed! of

50.6%

on average from FY2024-F¥2026

Financial Statements — Corporate Governance Strategic Report

Additional Information

07

o8

GROUP AT
A GLANCE

discoverlE is an international specialist electronics
group, designing and manufacturing customised,
application-specific components for industrial use.

Through a global network of
engineering-led businesses, we deliver
differentiated, mission-critical solutions
to original equipment manufacturer
("OEM") customers worldwide.

Deep technical expertise, close customer collaboration
and a global manufacturing footprint enable us to deliver

ever better, reliable solutions that meet customers’
specific needs.

discoverlE Group ple innovative Electronics

Sensing and Connectivity (“S&C”)

= Electronics for wireless transmission, fibre optic and
cable connection, electromagnetic shielding, and
sensing components for measuring movement,
temperature, pressure, position, force and load

® Consists of two operating units, which are divided
into four technology clusters and four standalone
businesses

= Operates across ten countries with 18
manufacturing sites

Sensing Optical filter &
* Variohm Eurosensor Connectors
= Burster = Foss
= CP = IKN
®  Limitor
= Magnasphere Enclosures &
= Phoenix America Cabling
= Positek * coT

® Contour Stortech
RF & Wireless Standalone
* Antennas *  Hivolt Capacitors
= Antenove = MTC
= Trival Antene = Santon

* Silvertel

Magnetics and Controls (“M&C")

= Electronics for power conversion and switching,
X-ray detection, signal conditioning, monitoring,
hurnan-machine interface ("HMI") controls and
embedded computing

= Consists of two operating units, which are divided
into three technology clusters and two standalone
businesses

= Operates across 16 countries with 23
manufacturing sites

Magnetics ~ Embedded

= Noratel computing

= Shape = Hectronic

=) Myra = Beacon

= Flux EmbeddedWorks

= Diamond Technology

HMI Standalone
= Cursor Controls * Sens-Tech
Storm Interface = Vertec

Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2026

Strategic Report

Corporate Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

OUR
STRATEGY

The strength of our decentralised,
engineering-led model lies in its ability

to combine local agility with Group

scale, enabling our businesses to deliver
differentiated solutions and respond to
customers’ needs quickly while driving
operational efficiencies. It positions us well to
deliver sustained organic and acquisition-led
growth in structurally attractive markets.”

Nick Jefferies

Group Chief Executive

Our strategic context

The ylobal market for nun-serniiconductur-1elaied electronic
components is valued at approximately $300 billion’. Within
this, we operate in a niche segment: custom-designed
industrial electronics. The total serviceable available market
of industrial electronic components is estimated at around
$30 billion’ and is growing steadily at S-6% per year"

This market is dominated by custom-made components. The
low-volume, high-mix nature of these products offers limited
advariage to companies focused un statdard components.
Asa resull, the market remains highly fragmented, with
many small, subscale local operators and relatively few
large-scale players. This fragmentation represents significant
opportunitios for discoveriE to grow, both organically and
through acquisitions.

Non-semiconductor-related electronic components
market estimated at $300bn

discoverlE Group ple Innovative Electronics

Our strategic aim

Our gual is we yrow wur presence in custom electronics by
focusing on markets with sustained, long-term growth
These markets are underpinned by megatrends, such

as digitalisation, decarbonisation, heightened security
requirements, and the increasing electronic content

of industrial systems. These are the sectors where our
products are essential and demand is rising.

Our strategy aligns our portfolio of businesses with
these market dynamics. By leverayiny efficiencies and
sytieiyies across our business clusters, we uniluck greater
value and accelerate growth.

We will deliver this strategy through a motivated,
entrepreneurial and empowered workforce, operating to
the highest ethical and quality standards,

Our strategic priorities

Our strategy centres on growing organically and through
acquisitions, whilst generating efficiencies and reducing
environmental impact. This approach has remained more
or less the same and has proven to be effective over the
years. We remain committed to it, with a clear focus on
the four core strategic priorities:

+ Company's estimates.

Grow sales well ahead of GDP

Acquire highly differentiated
businesses

Generate efficiencies
Reduce environmental impact

> Read more about our strategic pillars on pages 12 to 13