BETA Close X Bruce Thompson, Non-Executive Chairman of discoverIE Group plc, purchased 15,000 ordinary shares on December 10, 2025, at an average price of £6.053 per share, spending a total of £90,795. This acquisition increases his total interest in the company to 90,000 ordinary shares, representing approximately 0.09% of the voting share capital. The transaction involved buying 10,000 shares at 607 pence each and 5,000 shares at 602 pence each on the London Stock Exchange. Disclaimer* discoverIE Group plc 11 December 2025 11 December 2025 discoverIE Group plc Director/PDMR Shareholding discoverIE Group plc (LSE: DSCV, "discoverIE", the "Group" or the "Company"), a leading international designer and manufacturer of customised electronics to industry, announces that, on 10 December 2025, Bruce Thompson, Non-Executive Chairman, purchased a total of 15,000 ordinary shares of 5 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at an average price of £6.053. Following this purchase, Bruce Thompson is interested in 90,000 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 0.09% of the Company's voting share capital. The information set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19(3) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation No 596/2014. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Bruce Thompson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3 Details of issuer a) Name discoverIE Group plc b) LEI 213800BMDLQU1VEEAN68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares GB0000055888 b) Nature of the transaction Share acquisition c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume 607 pence per share 10,000 602 pence per share 5,000 d) Aggregated information N/A e) Date of the transaction 10 December 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) Notes to Editors: About discoverIE Group plc discoverIE Group plc is an international group of businesses that design and manufacture innovative electronic components for industrial applications. The Group provides application-specific components to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") internationally through its two divisions, Magnetics & Controls, and Sensing & Connectivity. By designing components that meet customers' unique requirements, which are then manufactured and supplied throughout the life of their production, a high level of repeating revenue is generated with long-term, high quality customer relationships. With a focus on key markets driven by structural growth, increasing electronic content and sustainability, namely medical, electrification of transportation, renewable energy, security and industrial automation & connectivity, the Group aims to achieve organic sales growth that is well ahead of GDP through the cycle and to supplement that with complementary acquisitions. The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operations on the environment in order to reach net zero. With its key markets aligned with a sustainable future, the Group has been awarded an ESG "A" rating by MSCI and is Regional (Europe) Top Rated and Industry (Technology Hardware) Top Rated by Sustainalytics. The Group employs c.4,500 people across 20 countries with its principal operating units located in Mainland Europe, the UK, China, Sri Lanka, India and North America. discoverIE is listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and is a member of the FTSE 250, classified within the Electrical Components and Equipment subsector. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Discoverie Group (DSCV) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 37 minutes ago Canal+ SA 51 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and