TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 Section 1.01 Certain Defined Terms 1 Section 1.02 Computation of Time Periods 14 Section 1.03 Accounting Terms 14 Section 1.04 Divisions 14 Section 1.05 Rates 14 ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES 15 Section 2.01 The Advances 1 5 Section 2.02 Making the Advances 15 Section 2.03 [Reserved] 16 Section 2.04 Fees 16 Section 2.05 Termination, Reduction or Increase of Commitments 17 Section 2.06 Repayment of Advances; Extension of Termination Date 19 Section 2.07 Interest on Advances 20 Section 2.08 Interest Rate Determination 21 Section 2.09 Optional Conversion or Continuation of Advances 22 Section 2.10 Prepayments of Advances 22 Section 2.11 Increased Costs 23 Section 2.12 Illegality 24 Section 2.13 Payments and Computations; Evidence of Advances 25 Section 2.14 Taxes 26 Section 2.15 Sharing of Payments, Etc. 29 Section 2.16 Use of Proceeds 29 Section 2.17 Borrowings by Borrowing Subsidiaries 30 Section 2.18 Benchmark Replacement Setting 31 Section 2.19 Defaulting Lenders 35 ARTICLE III CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND LENDING 36 Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 36 Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing 38 Section 3.03 Conditions Precedent to Term Loan Conversion Date 38 Section 3.04 Determinations Under Section 3.01 38 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 39 Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties of the Company 39 ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY 40 Section 5.01 Affirmative Covenants 40 Section 5.02 Negative Covenants 42 ARTICLE VI EVENTS OF DEFAULT 43 Section 6.01 Events of Default 43 ( i ) ARTICLE VII THE AGENT 44 Section 7.01 Appointment and Authority 44 Section 7.02 Rights as a Lender 45 Section 7.03 Exculpatory Provisions 45 Section 7.04 Reliance by Agent 46 Section 7.05 Indemnification 46 Section 7.06 Delegation of Duties 46 Section 7.07 Resignation of Agent 47 Section 7.08 on Agent and Other Lenders 47 Section 7.09 Syndication Agent and Lead Arrangers 48 Section 7.10 Certain ERISA Matters 48 Section 7.11 Erroneous Payments 49 ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 51 Section 8.01 Amendments, Etc. 51 Section 8.02 Notices, Etc. 52 Section 8.03 No Waiver; Remedies 53 Section 8.04 Costs and Expenses 53 Section 8.05 Right of 54 Section 8.06 Binding Effect 54 Section 8.07 Assignments and Participations 55 Section 8.08 Confidentiality 58 Section 8.09 Governing Law 58 Section 8.10 Execution in Counterparts 59 Section 8.11 Jurisdiction, Etc. 59 Section 8.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 59 Section 8.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 60 Section 8.14 No Fiduciary Duties 60 Section 8.15 Acknowledgement and Consent to of Affected Financial Institutions 60 Section 8.16 Judgment 62 ARTICLE IX GUARANTEE 62 Section 9.01 Guarantee 62 Section 9.02 Obligations Unconditional 63 Section 9.03 Reinstatement 63 Section 9.04 Subrogation 63 Section 9.05 Remedies 63 Section 9.06 Continuing Guarantee 64 ( ii ) Schedules Schedule I Agent’s Address Exhibits Exhibit A Form of Note Exhibit B Form of Notice of Borrowing Exhibit C Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit D Form of Designation Letter Exhibit E Form of Termination Letter ( iii ) 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of May 22, 2026 PEPSICO, INC., a North Carolina corporation (the “ Company ”), the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders (the “ Initial Lenders ”) listed on the signature pages hereof, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the “ Agent ”) for the Lenders (as hereinafter defined), agree, as of May 22, 2026, as follows: PRELIMINARY STATEMENT The Company has requested that the Lenders agree to extend credit to it and the Borrowing Subsidiaries from time to time in an aggregate principal amount of up to $5,000,000,000 for general corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including but not limited to working capital, capital investments and acquisitions. The Lenders have indicated their willingness to agree to extend credit to the Company and the Borrowing Subsidiaries from time to time in such amount on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS Section 1.01 Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): “ Act ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.13. “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent. “ Advance ” means an advance by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Borrowing and refers to a Base Rate Advance, a Eurocurrency Rate Advance or a Term SOFR Advance (each of which shall be a “ Type ” of Advance). “ Affected Financial Institution ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ Affiliate ” means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including the terms “controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control with”) of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Stock, by contract or otherwise. “ Agent ” has the meaning specified in the preamble. “ Agent’s Account ” means such account, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars or in respect of Advances denominated in Euros, as the Agent shall designate from time to time in a notice to the Company and the Lenders. 1 “ Agent’s Address ” means the address or addresses on Schedule I attached hereto. “ Laws ” means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the UK Bribery Act of 2010, as amended. “ Applicable Lending Office ” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance or a Term SOFR Advance and such Lender’s Eurocurrency Lending Office in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance. “ Assignment and Assumption ” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, and accepted by the Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto. “ Available Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Available Tenor ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Action ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ Legislation ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ Base Rate ” means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time, which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Citibank, N.A. in the United States as its “base rate”, and notified to the Company at its request (it being understood and agreed that such base rate is a rate set by Citibank, N.A. based on various factors and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans); (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%; and (c) Term SOFR for a tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00%. “ Base Rate Advance ” means an Advance denominated in Dollars that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a). “ Benchmark ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Benchmark Replacement ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Benchmark Replacement Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Benchmark Transition Event ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Benchmark Unavailability Period ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Beneficial Ownership Certification ” means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. “ Beneficial Ownership Regulation ” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230. 2 “ Benefit Plan ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.10(b). “ Borrower ” means the Company (both as a Borrower and as a guarantor under Article IX of Advances made to the Borrowing Subsidiaries) and each Borrowing Subsidiary. “ Borrowing ” means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same currency and the same Type made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. “ Borrowing Minimum ” means, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, $10,000,000 and, in respect of Advances denominated in Euros, €10,000,000. “ Borrowing Multiple ” means, in respect of Advances denominated in Dollars, $1,000,000 and, in respect of Advances denominated in Euros, €1,000,000. “ Borrowing Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary of the Company, as to which a Designation Letter has been delivered to the Agent and as to which a Termination Letter has not been delivered to the Agent in accordance with Section 2.17. “ Business Day ” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state of the Agent’s Address or in New York, New York and if such day relates to a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, it shall also mean a day on which T2 is open. “ Change in Law ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(d). “ Commitment ” means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender’s obligations to make Advances. Such Lender’s Commitment shall be the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Schedule I to the Letter Agreement or, if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Assumption, set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 8.07(c), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or increased pursuant to Section 2.05(c). “ Communications ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b). “ Company ” has the meaning specified in the preamble. “ Confidential Information ” means information that the Company furnishes to the Agent or any Lender, but does not include any such information (x) that is or becomes generally available to the public other than by the Agent or any Lender in violation of this Agreement or (y) that is or becomes rightfully available to the Agent or such Lender from a source other than the Company which the Agent or such Lender had no reason to believe had any confidentiality or fiduciary obligation to the Company with respect to such information. 3 “ Conforming Changes ” means, with respect to either the use or administration of an initial Benchmark or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of “Base Rate,” the definition of “Business Day,” the definition of “U.S. Government Securities Business Day,” the definition of “Interest Period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, the formula for calculating any successor rates identified pursuant to the definition of “Benchmark Replacement”, the formula, methodology or convention for applying the successor Floor to the successor Benchmark Replacement and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). “ Consolidated ” refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP. “ Consolidated Net Tangible Assets ” means the total assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (less applicable depreciation, amortization, and other valuation reserves), less all current liabilities (excluding intercompany liabilities) and all intangible assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, all as set forth on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, prepared in accordance with GAAP. “ Convert ”, “ Conversion ” and “ Converted ” each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.08, 2.09 or 2.18. “ Daily Simple SOFR ” means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining “Daily Simple SOFR” for syndicated business loans; provided that if the Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Agent, then the Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. “ Debt ” of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) for purposes only of Article VI, all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as finance leases, (f) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of acceptances, letters of credit or similar extensions of credit, (g) all obligations of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements, (h) all Debt of others referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above or clause (i) below guaranteed directly or indirectly in any manner by such Person, or in effect guaranteed directly or indirectly by such Person through an agreement (1) to pay or purchase such Debt or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Debt, (2) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Debt or to assure the holder of such Debt against loss, (3) to supply funds to or in any other manner invest in the debtor (including any agreement to pay for property or services irrespective of whether such property is received or such services are rendered) or (4) otherwise to assure a creditor against loss, and (i) all Debt referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Debt. “ Declining Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b). “ Default ” means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both. 4 “ Default Rate ” means (a) with respect to a Base Rate Advance and any other amount owing hereunder (other than a Term SOFR Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance), the Base Rate plus two percent (2%) per annum, and (b) with respect to all Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the rate otherwise applicable to such Term SOFR Advance or Eurocurrency Rate Advance plus two percent (2%) per annum. “ Defaulting Lender ” means, subject to Section 2.19(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Advances within two Business Days of the date such Advances were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company or the Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder ( provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Agent and the Company), (d) has defaulted on its funding obligations under other loan agreements or credit agreements generally, or (e) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, or any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect, or a Action, or (ii) other than pursuant to an Undisclosed Administration, had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender under this clause (ii) solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a governmental authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such governmental authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (e) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.19(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Company and each Lender. “ Designation Letter ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a). “ Dollars ” and the “ $ ” sign each means lawful currency of the United States of America. “ Domestic Lending Office ” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its “Domestic Lending Office” in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify in writing to the Company and the Agent. 5 “ EEA Financial Institution ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ EEA Member Country ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ EEA Resolution Authority ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ Effective Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01. “ Eligible Assignee ” means (i) a Lender; (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of $15,000,000,000 and a combined capital and surplus of at least $1,000,000,000; (iv) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having total assets in excess of $15,000,000,000 and a combined capital and surplus of at least $1,000,000,000; (v) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or has concluded special lending arrangements with the International Monetary Fund associated with its General Arrangements to Borrow or of the Cayman Islands, or a political subdivision of any such country, and having total assets in excess of $15,000,000,000 and a combined capital and surplus of at least $1,000,000,000, so long as such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States or in the country in which it is organized or another country that is described in this clause (v); (vi) the central bank of any country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development; provided , however , that each Person described in clauses (ii) through (vi) shall have a short term public debt rating of not less than A-1 by S&P Global Ratings (or any successor thereto) or P-1 by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (or any successor thereto) and shall be approved by the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; and (vii) any other Person approved by the Company, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided , however , that (x) neither the Company nor an Affiliate of the Company, (y) no individual (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, an individual) and (z) no Defaulting Lender shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee. “ Environmental Law ” means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to the environment, health, safety or Hazardous Materials. “ Equivalent ” in Dollars of Euros on any date means the equivalent in Dollars of Euros determined by using the quoted spot rate at which the Agent’s principal office in London offers to exchange Dollars for Euros in London at approximately 4:00 P.M. (London time) (unless otherwise indicated by the terms of this Agreement) on such date as is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and the “Equivalent” in Euros of Dollars means the equivalent in Euros of Dollars determined by using the quoted spot rate at which the Agent’s principal office in London offers to exchange Euros for Dollars in London at approximately 4:00 P.M. (London time) (unless otherwise indicated by the terms of this Agreement) on such date as is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. “ Erroneous Payment ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.11(a). “ Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.11(d). 6 “ Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.11(d). “ Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.11(d). “ EU Legislation Schedule ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ EURIBO Rate ” means, for any Interest Period, the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on the applicable Bloomberg screen (or any successor to or substitute for Bloomberg, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by Bloomberg, as mutually agreed by the Company and the Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates for the offering of deposits in Euro) as of 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a term comparable to such Interest Period; provided that, if the EURIBO Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. “ Euro ” and “ € ”shall mean the single currency unit of the member States of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the Euro as their lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. “ Eurocurrency Lending Office ” means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its “Eurocurrency Lending Office” in its Administrative Questionnaire or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify in writing to the Company and the Agent. “ Eurocurrency Rate Advance ” means an Advance denominated in Euros that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(c). “ Events of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 6.01. “ Excluded Taxes ” means (i) taxes imposed on, or measured by, the recipient’s net income (however measured), including branch profits taxes and franchise taxes imposed in lieu of net income taxes, (ii) .S. withholding taxes imposed solely as a result of activities or place of incorporation or formation of the applicable Lender or the Agent in such .S. jurisdiction and (iii) taxes imposed on any “withholdable payment” payable to such recipient as a result of the failure of such recipient to satisfy the applicable requirements as set forth in FATCA. “ Existing Credit Agreements ” means (a) the Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 23, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) among the Company, the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders and such other lenders and (b) the 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of May 23, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) among the Company, the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders and such other lenders. “ Existing Termination Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b). “ Extending Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b). “ Extension Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b). 7 “ FATCA ” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement. “ Federal Funds Rate ” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. “ Floor ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Foreign Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b). “ GAAP ” has the meaning specified in Section 1.03. “ Granting Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(a). “ Guaranteed Obligations ” has the meaning specified in Section 9.01. “ Hazardous Materials ” means petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, materials, radon gas and any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as being “hazardous” or “toxic”, or words of similar import, under any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guideline. “ Hedge Agreements ” means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar agreements. “ Income ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a). “ Increase Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(ii). “ Increase Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(ii). “ Increase Notice Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(ii). “ Indemnified Party ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04(b). “ Initial Lenders ” has the meaning specified in the preamble. 8 “ Interest Period ” means, for each Term SOFR Advance or Eurocurrency Rate Advance constituting part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Term SOFR Advance or Eurocurrency Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Term SOFR Advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Company pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Company pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, three or six months, as the Company may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; provided , however , that: (a) the Company may not select any Interest Period that ends after the Termination Date or, if the Advances have been converted to a term loan pursuant to Section 2.06(a) prior to such selection, that ends after the Maturity Date; (b) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances constituting part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration; (c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided , however , that, if such extension of any Interest Period would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and (d) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month. “ Internal Revenue Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. “ Judgment Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.16(c). “ Lead Arrangers ” means each of Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and BofA Securities, Inc. in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and a joint bookrunner. “ Party ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04(b). “ Lenders ” means the Initial Lenders and each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Sections 2.05(c), 2.06(b) or 8.07. “ Letter Agreement ” means that certain side letter dated the Effective Date among the parties to this Agreement. “ Lien ” means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor. “ Loan Documents ” means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the Letter Agreement, each Designation Letter and each Termination Letter. 9 “ Material Adverse Change ” means any material adverse change in the financial condition, operations or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. “ Material Adverse Effect ” means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial condition, operations or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or any Note or (c) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any Note. “ Material Subsidiary ” means each Subsidiary of the Company that is a “significant subsidiary” as defined in Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933. “ Maturity Date ” means the earlier of (a) the date selected by the Company in any notice of Term Loan Election, but not later than the first anniversary of the Termination Date and (b) the date of termination in whole of the aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 6.01. “ New Lender ” means, for purposes of Section 2.05(c), an Eligible Assignee (which may be a Lender) selected by the Company with (in the case of a New Lender that is not already a Lender) prior consultation with the Agent. “ Lender ” means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 8.01 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders. “ Lender ” means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. “ Note ” means a promissory note of a Borrower payable to the order of any Lender, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of such Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Advances made by such Lender. “ Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(c). “ Notice of Borrowing ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a). “ OFAC ” means the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. “ Other Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e). “ Participant Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(e). “ Payment Recipient ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.11(a). “ Person ” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. “ Platform ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b). “ Primary Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.16(c). 10 “ Principal Property ” means any single manufacturing or processing plant, office building, warehouse or portion thereof owned or leased by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary other than a plant, office building, warehouse or portion thereof which, in the reasonable opinion of the Company’s Board of Directors , is not of material importance to the business conducted by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as an entirety. “ Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(i). “ Proposed Increased Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(iv). “ Proposed New Commitment ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(iii). “ Protesting Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a). “ PTE ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.10(b). “ Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(d). “ Related Parties ” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates. “ Relevant Governmental Body ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Relevant Rate ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(f). “ Removal Effective Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.07(b). “ Replacement Lender ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b). “ Required Lenders ” means at any time (i) Lenders having more than 50% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments, and (ii) if the Commitments of the Lenders have been terminated, Lenders owed more than 50% of the then aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Borrowings. The unused Commitment of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. “ Resignation Effective Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 7.07(a). “ Resolution Authority ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ Restricted Subsidiary ” means at any time any Subsidiary of the Company except a Subsidiary which is at the time an Unrestricted Subsidiary. “ Sanctioned Country ” means a country, territory or region that is the subject of comprehensive territorial sanctions administered by OFAC. “ SDN List ” means the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by OFAC. “ SOFR ” means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. “ SOFR Administrator ” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 11 “ SPV ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.07(a). “ Subsidiary ” of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of such corporation or limited liability company (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock or membership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation or limited liability company shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership or joint venture or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person’s other Subsidiaries. “ Syndication Agent ” means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as a syndication agent. “ T2 ” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. “ Term Loan Conversion Date ” means, if the Term Loan Election has been made, the Termination Date on which all Advances outstanding on such date are converted into a term loan pursuant to Section 2.06(a). “ Term Loan Election ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(a). “ Term SOFR ” means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Advance, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the “ Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day ”) that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Advance on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the “ ABR Term SOFR Determination Day ”) that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day; 12 provided that if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than zero, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. “ Term SOFR Administrator ” means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). “ Term SOFR Advance ” means an Advance denominated in Dollars that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(b). “ Term SOFR Reference Rate ” means the term rate based on SOFR. “ Termination Date ” means May 21, 2027 or, in the case of any Lender whose Commitment is extended pursuant to Section 2.06(b), the date to which such Commitment is extended or, if earlier, the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05(a) or 6.01; provided in each case that if any such date is not a Business Day, the relevant Termination Date of such Lender shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. “ Termination Letter ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b). “ Total Committed Increase ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c)(v). “ Type ” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Advance”. “ UK Financial Institution ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ UK Resolution Authority ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. “ Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18. “ Undisclosed Administration ” means, in relation to a Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender or such parent company is subject to home jurisdiction, if applicable law requires that such appointment not be disclosed. “ United States Person ” has the meaning specified in Section 7701 of the Internal Revenue Code. “ Unrestricted Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary of the Company (not at the time designated a Restricted Subsidiary) (i) the major part of whose business consists of finance, banking, credit, leasing, insurance, financial services, or other similar operations, or any continuation thereof, (ii) substantially all the assets of which consist of the capital stock of one or more such Subsidiaries or (iii) designated as such by the Company’s Board of Directors. “ U.S. Government Securities Business Day ” means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 13 “ Voting Stock ” means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency. “ and Conversion Powers ” has the meaning specified in Section 8.15. Section 1.02 Computation of Time Periods . In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including” and the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding”. Section 1.03 Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 4.01(e) (“ GAAP ”). Section 1.04 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction’s laws), if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person. Section 1.05 Rates . The Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, the EURIBO Rate or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, the EURIBO Rate, such Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of Base Rate or a Benchmark, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Base Rate, any Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 14 ARTICLE II AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES Section 2.01 The Advances . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances in Dollars and/or Euros to the Company and any Borrowing Subsidiary from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date until the Termination Date in an aggregate amount (based in respect of any Advances to be denominated in Euros by reference to the Equivalent thereof in Dollars determined on the date of delivery of the applicable Notice of Borrowing) not to exceed at any time outstanding such Lender’s Commitment. Each Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of the Borrowing Minimum or an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof and shall consist of Advances of the same Type and in the same currency made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender’s Commitment, each Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Section 2.02 Making the Advances . (a) Each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than (x) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Term SOFR Advances, (y) 4:00 P.M. (London time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances or (z) 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the Company (on its own behalf and on behalf of any Borrowing Subsidiary) to the Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof by telecopier or email. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a “ Notice of Borrowing ”) shall be by e-mail, confirmed promptly in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances constituting such Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Borrowing, (iv) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the currency and initial Interest Period for each such Advance and (v) name of the relevant Borrower (which shall be the Company or a Borrowing Subsidiary). Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the applicable Agent’s Account, in same day funds, such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing. After the Agent’s receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, the Agent will make such same day funds available to the relevant Borrower at such Borrower’s account at the Agent’s address referred to in Section 8.02. (b) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Company may not select Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances for any Borrowing if the aggregate amount of such Borrowing is less than the Borrowing Minimum or if the obligation of the Lenders to make Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, as applicable, shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.12 and (ii) the Term SOFR Advances and Eurocurrency Rate Advances may not be outstanding as part of more than twelve separate Borrowings. 15 (c) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the relevant Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Company shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure by the applicable Borrower to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article III, including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. (d) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the time of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender’s ratable portion of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such ratable portion available to the Agent, such Lender and such Borrower severally agree to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at (i) in the case of a Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Advances comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, (A) the Federal Funds Rate in the case of Advances denominated in Dollars or (B) the cost of funds incurred by the Agent in respect of such amount in the case of Advances denominated in Euros. If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender’s Advance as part of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement and shall be made available in same day funds to the relevant Borrower’s account at the Agent’s address referred to in Section 8.02. (e) The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. Section 2.03 [Reserved] . Section 2.04 Fees . (a) Commitment Fee . The Company agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee on the aggregate amount of such Lender’s unused portion of the Commitment from the Effective Date in the case of each Initial Lender and from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which it became a Lender in the case of each other Lender until the Termination Date (on a daily basis) at a rate per annum equal to 0.025%, payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each June, September, December and March, commencing June 30, 2026, and on the Termination Date. (b) Agent’s Fees . The Company shall pay to the Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed between the Company and the Agent. 16 Section 2.05 Termination, Reduction or Increase of Commitments . (a) The Company shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days’ notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective Commitments of the Lenders; provided that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $25,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and provided, further that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding. (b) If any Lender (i) shall make a demand under Section 2.11 or 2.14 or (ii) is a Defaulting Lender or Lender, the Company shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days’ notice, to terminate in full the Commitment of such Lender or to demand that such Lender assign to one or more Persons all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in accordance with Section 8.07. If the Company shall elect to terminate in full the Commitment of any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.05(b), the Company shall pay to such Lender, on the effective date of such Lender’s Commitment termination, an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances owing to such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts payable to such Lender under this Agreement, whereupon such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto. (c) (i) From time to time, the Company may propose to increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments by an aggregate amount of $25,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (a “ Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase ”) in the manner set forth below, provided that: (1) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing either as of the applicable Increase Notice Date (as hereinafter defined) or as of the related Increase Date (as hereinafter defined); and (2) after giving effect to any such increase, the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall not exceed $5,750,000,000. (ii) From time to time the Company may request an increase in the aggregate amount of the Commitments by delivering to the Agent a notice (an “ Increase Notice ”; the date of delivery thereof to the Agent being the “ Increase Notice Date ”) specifying (1) the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase, (2) the proposed date (the “ Increase Date ”) on which the Commitments would be so increased (which Increase Date may not be fewer than 30 days after the Increase Notice Date) and (3) the New Lenders, if any, to whom the Company desires to offer the opportunity to commit to all or a portion of the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase. The Agent shall in turn promptly notify each Lender of the Company’s request by sending each Lender a copy of such notice. (iii) Not later than the date five days after the Increase Notice Date, the Agent shall notify each New Lender, if any, identified in the related Increase Notice of the opportunity to commit to all or any portion of the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase. Each such New Lender may irrevocably commit to all or a portion of the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase (such New Lender’s “ Proposed New Commitment ”) by notifying the Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to the Company) before 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date that is 10 days after the Increase Notice Date; provided that: (1) the Proposed New Commitment of each New Lender shall be in an amount not less than $25,000,000; and 17 (2) each New Lender that submits a Proposed New Commitment shall enter into an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and the Agent pursuant to which such New Lender shall undertake a Commitment (and, if any such New Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lender’s Commitment hereunder on such date), and shall pay to the Agent a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 unless waived by the Agent in its sole discretion. (iv) If, and only if, the aggregate Proposed New Commitments of all of the New Lenders shall be less than the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase, then (unless the Company otherwise requests) the Agent shall, on or prior to the date that is 15 days after the Increase Notice Date, notify each Lender of the opportunity to so commit to all or any portion of the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase not committed to by New Lenders pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(iii). Each Lender may, if, in its sole discretion, it elects to do so, irrevocably offer to commit to all or a portion of such remainder (such Lender’s “ Proposed Increased Commitment ”) by notifying the Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to the Company) not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the date five days before the Increase Date. (v) (1) If the aggregate amount of Proposed New Commitments and Proposed Increased Commitments (such aggregate amount, the “ Total Committed Increase ”) equals or exceeds $25,000,000, then, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.05(c)(i): (A) effective on and as of the Increase Date, the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall be increased by the Total Committed Increase ( provided that the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall in no event be increased pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) to more than $5,750,000,000) and shall be allocated among the New Lenders and the Lenders as provided in Section 2.05(c)(vi); and (B) on the Increase Date, if any Advances are then outstanding, the Company shall borrow Advances from all or certain of the Lenders and/or (subject to compliance by the Company with Section 8.04(c)) prepay Advances of all or certain of the Lenders such that, after giving effect thereto, the Advances (including, without limitation, the Types and Interest Periods thereof) shall be held by the Lenders (including for such purposes New Lenders) ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. (2) If the Total Committed Increase is less than $25,000,000, then the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall not be changed pursuant to this Section 2.05(c). (vi) The Total Committed Increase shall be allocated among New Lenders having Proposed New Commitments and Lenders having Proposed Increased Commitments, if any, as follows: (1) If the Total Committed Increase shall be at least $25,000,000 and less than or equal to the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase, then (x) the initial Commitment of each New Lender shall be such New Lender’s Proposed New Commitment and (y) the Commitment of each Lender shall be increased by such Lender’s Proposed Increased Commitment, if any. 18 (2) If the Total Committed Increase shall be greater than the Proposed Aggregate Commitment Increase, then the Total Committed Increase shall be allocated: (x) first to New Lenders (to the extent of their respective Proposed New Commitments) in such a manner as the Company shall agree; and (y) then to Lenders on a pro rata basis based on the ratio of each Lender’s Proposed Increased Commitment (if any) to the aggregate amount of the Proposed Increased Commitments of all of the Lenders. (vii) No increase in the Commitments contemplated hereby shall become effective until the Agent shall have received (x) Notes payable to each New Lender and each other Lender whose Commitment is being increased to the extent such New Lender or Lender has requested such a Note pursuant to Section 2.13(e), and (y) evidence satisfactory to the Agent (including an update of the opinion of counsel provided pursuant to Section 3.01(f)(iv)) that such increases in the Commitments, and borrowings thereunder, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and other action on the part of the Company. Section 2.06 Repayment of Advances; Extension of Termination Date . (a) (i) Subject to the next succeeding sentence, each Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Advances made to such Borrower then outstanding, and all accrued but unpaid interest in connection therewith and (ii) the Company shall pay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date all fees and all other amounts due hereunder. The Company may, upon notice to the Agent not later than the Termination Date, elect (the “ Term Loan Election ”) to convert all of the Advances outstanding on the Termination Date in effect at such time into a term loan which the Company shall repay in full ratably to the Lenders on the Maturity Date; provided that the Term Loan Election may not be exercised unless the conditions set forth in Section 3.03 are satisfied on the date of notice of the Term Loan Election and on the Term Loan Conversion Date. All Advances converted into a term loan pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) shall continue to constitute Advances except that the Borrowers may not reborrow pursuant to Section 2.01 after all or any portion of such Advances have been prepaid pursuant to Section 2.10. 19 (b) The Company may, by written notice to the Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders) not more than 60 nor less than 30 days prior to each Termination Date (the Termination Date following such notice, the “ Extension Date ”), request that the Termination Date then in effect (the “ Existing Termination Date ”) be extended for a period of 364 days; provided , however , that the Company shall not have made the Term Loan Election for Advances outstanding on such Termination Date prior to such time. The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such request. If a Lender agrees, acting in its sole discretion, to so extend its Commitment (each such Lender, an “ Extending Lender ”), it will notify the Agent, in writing, of its decision to do so not more than 30 nor less than 20 days before the Extension Date; it being understood that failure to give such notice shall be deemed a decision not to extend. If any Lender fails to accept the Company’s request for extension of the Termination Date (each such Lender, a “ Declining Lender ”), the Company shall have the right, prior to the Extension Date, to require any Declining Lender to assign in full its rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee (including any Extending Lender) designated by the Company that agrees to accept all of such rights and obligations and agrees to such extension (a “ Replacement Lender ”), provided that (i) such assignment is otherwise in compliance with Section 8.07, (ii) such Declining Lender receives payment in full of the principal amount of all Advances owing to such Declining Lender, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of such payment of principal and all other amounts payable to such Declining Lender under this Agreement and (iii) any such assignment shall be effective on the Extension Date. If (A) there are no Declining Lenders or all of the Declining Lenders are replaced by Replacement Lenders as set forth above and (B) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to the Extension Date, the Termination Date shall be extended by 364 days (except that, if the date on which the Termination Date is to be extended is not a Business Day, such Termination Date as so extended shall be the next preceding Business Day), and the Agent shall promptly notify the Company of such extension. If there are any Declining Lenders that are not replaced in accordance with the terms above, the Company may (1) withdraw its request for an extension and the Existing Termination Date will remain in effect or (2) provided that no Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to the Extension Date, on the Extension Date pay any such Declining Lenders in full for all principal, interest and other amounts owing to such Declining Lender under this Agreement, reduce the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders by the amount of the Commitment of such Declining Lenders, and extend the Termination Date for 364 days at the reduced aggregate Commitment amount. Section 2.07 Interest on Advances . Each Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made to such Borrower owing to each Lender from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum: (a) Base Rate Advances. During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December during such periods and on the date such Base Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full. (b) Term SOFR Advances . During such periods as such Advance is a Term SOFR Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) Term SOFR for such Interest Period for such Advance plus (y) 0.625%, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Term SOFR Advance shall be Converted or paid in full. (c) Eurocurrency Rate Advances . During such periods as such Advance is a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) the EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance plus (y) 0.625%, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full. 20 (d) Default Rate . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(a), the principal of and, to the extent permitted by law, interest on the Advances and any other amounts owing hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (including without limitation fees and expenses) shall bear interest, payable on demand, at the Default Rate. Section 2.08 Interest Rate Determination . (a) The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Company and the Lenders of the applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of Section 2.07. (b) If, due to a major disruption in the interbank funding market with respect to any Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Agent that Term SOFR or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable, for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrowers and the Lenders, whereupon (i) each Term SOFR Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, (ii) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall be exchanged into an Equivalent amount of Dollars and Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist. (c) If the Company shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Interest Period” in Section 1.01, the Agent will forthwith so notify the Company and the Lenders and the Company will be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. (d) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances constituting any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than the Borrowing Minimum, such Advances shall automatically (i) if such Advances are Term SOFR Advances, Convert into Base Rate Advances and (ii) if such Advances are Eurocurrency Rate Advances, be exchanged for an Equivalent amount of Dollars and Converted into Base Rate Advances. (e) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing, (i) each Term SOFR Advance and each Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall automatically (A) if such Advance is a Term SOFR Advance, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (B) if such Advance is a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, be exchanged for an Equivalent amount of Dollars and Converted into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended. 21 (f) If Term SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with the definition thereof, or if the EURIBO Rate does not appear Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters or on another nationally recognized service selected by the Agent, (i) the Agent shall forthwith notify the Company and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for the applicable Advances, (ii) each such affected Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor (A) if such Advance is a Term SOFR Advance, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (B) if such Advance is a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, be prepaid by the applicable Borrower or be automatically exchanged for an Equivalent amount of Dollars and be Converted into a Base Rate Advance (or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue as a Base Rate Advance), and (iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or Convert Advances into, Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, as applicable, shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist. Section 2.09 Optional Conversion or Continuation of Advances . The Company may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion or continuation, and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08, 2.12 and 2.18, Convert all or any part of the Advances denominated in Dollars of one Type constituting the same Borrowing into Advances denominated in Dollars of the other Type or continue all or any part of the Advance of one Type constituting the same Borrowing or Advances of the same Type and in the same currency; provided , however, that any Conversion of Term SOFR Advances into Base Rate Advances shall be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Advances, any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Term SOFR Advances shall be in an amount not less than the Borrowing Minimum and no Conversion of any Advances shall result in more separate Borrowings than permitted under Section 2.02(b). Each such notice of a Conversion or continuation shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion or continuation, (ii) the Dollar denominated Advances to be Converted or continued, and (iii) if such Conversion is into Term SOFR Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of Conversion or continuation shall be irrevocable and binding on the Company. Section 2.10 Prepayments of Advances . (a) Optional . The Company may, upon at least one Business Day’s notice, in the case of Base Rate Advances, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days’ notice, in the case of Term SOFR Advances, and three Business Days’ notice, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, to the Agent stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given the Company shall, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Advances constituting part of the same Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; provided , however , that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of the Borrowing Minimum or a Borrowing Multiple in excess thereof and (y) in the event of any such prepayment of a Term SOFR Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). 22 (b) Mandatory . (i) If, on any date, the Agent notifies the Company in accordance with clause (iii) below that, as of the most recent interest payment date, the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Dollars then outstanding plus (B) the Equivalent in Dollars (determined on the third Business Day prior to such interest payment date) of the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Euros then outstanding exceeds 105% of the aggregate Commitments on such date, the Borrowers shall, as soon as practicable and in any event within five Business Days after receipt of such notice, prepay the outstanding principal amount of any Advances in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such sum to an amount not to exceed 100% of the aggregate Commitments on such date (subject to the proviso to this sentence set forth below), together with any interest accrued to the date of such prepayment on the aggregate principal amount of Advances prepaid; provided that if the aggregate principal amount of Base Rate Advances outstanding at the time of such required prepayment is less than the amount of such required prepayment, the portion of such required prepayment in excess of the aggregate principal amount of Base Rate Advances then outstanding shall be deferred until the last day of the next maturing Interest Period of the outstanding Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances, in an aggregate amount equal to the excess of such required prepayment. The Agent shall give prompt notice of any prepayment required under this Section 2.10(b) to the Company in accordance with clause (iii) below and the Lenders. (ii) Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.10(b) shall be made together with any interest accrued to the date of such prepayment on the principal amounts prepaid and, in the case of any prepayment of a Term SOFR Advance or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period, any additional amounts which the applicable Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse to the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 8.04(c). (iii) The Agent shall calculate on the date of each Notice of Borrowing and on each interest payment date the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of all Advances denominated in Dollars plus (B) the Equivalent in Dollars (determined on the third Business Day prior to the date such calculation is required under this clause (iii)) of the aggregate principal amount of all Eurocurrency Rate Advances and shall give prompt notice (and in any event no later than thirty days) of any prepayment required in connection with an interest payment date under this Section 2.10(b) to the Company and the Lenders. Section 2.11 Increased Costs . (a) If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in any law or regulation or in the interpretation or administration of any law or regulation by any governmental authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental authority that would be complied with generally by similarly situated banks acting reasonably (whether or not having the force of law and for the avoidance of doubt, including any changes resulting from requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy or liquidity issued after the date hereof in connection with the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or promulgated after the date hereof by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III), there shall be any increase in the cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining Term SOFR Advances or Eurocurrency Rate Advances (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 2.11(b) other than as set forth below) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then the Company shall from time to time, upon d

[truncated]