Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Q3 2025 Form 10-Q and in “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Exhibit 99.2 to our separate Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2025, in which we recast historical segment reporting to reflect our current organizational structure. For the year ended December 28, 2024 and 36 weeks ended September 6, 2025, core results exclude the following items: net impact : net gains and losses on commodity derivatives in corporate unallocated expenses. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in segment results when the segments recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Restructuring and impairment charges : Expenses related to the productivity plan publicly announced in 2019 (2019 Productivity Plan), which was expanded and extended through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives of the plan. Acquisition and divestiture-related charges : Acquisition and divestiture-related charges primarily include transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, and merger and integration charges, as well as fair value adjustments to the acquired inventory included in the acquisition-date balance sheets. Merger and integration charges include distribution agreement termination fees, impairment of certain acquisition-related intangibles, costs, closing costs and other integration costs . Impairment and other charges : We recognized impairment charges as a result of our quantitative assessments of certain of our intangible assets, primarily related to the Rockstar and Be & Cheery brands. In addition, we recognized charges related to the impairment of our investment in Tropicana Brands Group (TBG), and recorded allowance for expected credit losses related to outstanding receivables from TBG associated with the sale of Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands. Indirect and income tax impact : We recognized additional expenses related to an indirect and income tax audit settlement in our Latin America Foods segment and an indirect tax reserve in our International Beverages Franchise segment. Product impact : We recognized property, plant and equipment and inventory , employee severance costs, product returns, customer and costs and other costs in our PepsiCo Foods North America segment associated with a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals. Pension and retiree impact : Pension and retiree impact primarily includes settlement charges due to lump sum distributions to retired or terminated employees and the purchase of a group annuity contract whereby a insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future benefit payments for certain retirees. The settlement charge was triggered when the aggregate of the cumulative lump sum distributions and the annuity contract premium exceeded the total annual service and interest costs. Pension and retiree impact also includes curtailment gains and losses due to restructuring actions as part of our 2019 Productivity Plan. Free cash flow: Net cash provided by operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending (capital spending less cash proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment) is essential to our product innovation initiatives and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating activities. Free cash flow is used by us primarily for financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from the measure. Free cash flow conversion: Free cash flow divided by core net income. Organic revenue performance: A measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation (on a constant currency basis, as defined above), acquisitions and divestitures, and every five or six years, the impact of an additional week of results. Beginning with our first quarter of 2025, on a prospective basis, we are also applying the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. We believe organic revenue performance provides useful information in evaluating the results of our business because it adjusts for items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. Guidance and financial outlook: Our 2025 and 2026 organic revenue performance guidance exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange translation. Our 2025 and 2026 core constant currency EPS growth guidance, 2025 and 2026 core effective tax rate guidance, three year (2026-2028) core operating margin expansion guidance and 2026 and 2027 core net income (a component of free cash flow conversion ratio) exclude the net impact included in corporate unallocated expenses, restructuring and impairment charges, and other items noted above. Our 2025 and 2026 core constant currency EPS growth guidance also exclude the impact of foreign exchange translation. We are unable to reconcile our full year projected 2025 organic revenue growth and full year projected 2026 organic revenue growth to our full year projected 2025 reported net revenue growth and full year projected 2026 reported net revenue growth, respectively, because we are unable to predict the 2025 and 2026 impact of foreign exchange due to the unpredictability of future changes in foreign exchange rates and because we are unable to predict the occurrence or impact of any acquisitions and divestitures. We are also not able to reconcile our full year projected 2025 and 2026 core constant currency EPS growth to our full year projected 2025 and 2026 reported EPS growth, respectively, our full year projected 2025 and 2026 core effective tax rate to our full year projected 2025 and 2026 reported effective tax rate, respectively, our projected full year 2026 and 2027 core net income (a component of free cash flow conversion ratio) to our 2026 and 2027 reported net income, respectively, and our projected three year (2026-2028) core operating margin expansion to our three year (2026-2028) reported operating margin expansion, because we are unable to predict the 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 impact of foreign exchange or the net impact on commodity derivatives due to the unpredictability of future changes in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices. Therefore, we are unable to provide a reconciliation of these measures. Reconciliation of GAAP and Information (Unaudited) Fiscal 2024 Diluted EPS Reconciliation Year Ended 12/28/2024 Reported diluted EPS, GAAP measure $ 6.95 net impact (0.01) Restructuring and impairment charges 0.41 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges 0.01 Impairment and other charges 0.38 Indirect and income tax impact 0.16 Product impact 0.10 Pension and retiree impact 0.16 Core diluted EPS, measure $ 8.16