ITV plc
Company Registration No. 4967001

ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts

for the year ended 31 December 2018

| nunmat

al eee plc’Annual’Reportand Accounts alla

forthe, veanended?31 Decemberf2018)

ky

We are an integrated producer
broadcaster, creating, owning
and distributing high-quality
content on multiple platforms.
This is so much More than TV
as we have known it.

4
ITV at a Glance

18

Market Review Key Performance
Indicators

’ 32
Chairman's ™ ’ fi \ Operating and
Statement : £ ea Performance Review

8

Chief Executive's
Report

26

Our Business Model Finance Risks and
Review Uncertainties

Key financial highlights

Group external revenue’

£3,211m
(+3%)

(2017: £3,130m)

Non-advertising revenue?

£1,971m
(+5%)

(2017: £1,874m)

Adjusted EBITA?

£810m
(-4%)

(2017: £842m)

Statutory EBITA

£785m
(3%)

(2017; £810m)

Adjusted EPS

15.4p
(4%)

(2017: 16.0p)

Statutory EPS

11.7p
(+15%)

(2017: 10.2p)

Dividend per share p (ordinary) Leverage*
8.0p 1.1x
(+3%) (2017: 1.0x)
(2017: 7.8p)

Corporate website

We maintain a corporate website at www.itvplc.com containing
our financial results and a wide range of information of interest
to institutional and private investors.

>Contents

Contents

StrategicReport — 2018Highlights
ITVata Glance
Chairman's Statement
Chief Executive's Report
Investor Proposition %

Non-Financial information Statement 15

Corporate Responsibility Strategy 16
Market Review 18
Our Strategy 24
Our Business Model 26
Key Performance indicators 28

Operating and Performance Review 32
Alternative Performance Measures 44
Finance Review 46
Risks and Uncertainties 54

Governance Chairman's Governance Statement 64
“Board of Directors 66
Management Board 68
Corporate Governance 70
Audit and Risk Committee Report 80
Remuneration Report 92
Directors’ Report 109
ee oe!
Financial Statements "7
Statements Independent Auditor's Report 18
Primary Statements 25
ITV ple Company Financial
Statements 189
Additional Glossary 204
Information
[= SSS ee

Key

Read more
content online

Read more content
within this report

Notes
Alternative Performance Measures: We use both statutory and adjusted
measuresin our Strategic Report, the latter of which, in management's view,
reflects the underlying performance of the business and provides a more
meaningful comparison of how the business is managed and measured
day-to-day. A full reconciliation between our reported and adjusted results
is provided in our Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 44
and 45. Our KPIs are set out on pages 28 to 31
1. The Strategic Report also refers to total revenue, which includes all
ITV revenue, both internal and external.
2. Non-advertising revenue includes all ITV revenue, both internal and
external, excluding total advertising revenue.
3. EBITA before exceptional items has been adjusted to reflect the
inclusion of production tax credits (‘adjusted EBITA’).
4. Leverage is reported net debt to adjusted EBITDA.

Strategic Report
The Strategic Report explainsin detailhow we have performed this year and sets
out a fai review of the business, a balanced and comprehensive analysis of our
performance, the use of key performance indicators to explain the progress we have
made, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, and
anindication of potential future developments, The Strategic Reportis prepared
inline with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2006 and the Company

has had regard to the guidance issued by the Financial Reporting Council. tis
intended to provide shareholders with a better understanding of the Company,

of its position in the markets within which it operates, and of its prospects. n setting
out the Company's main risks and uncertainties, an indication of potential future
developments, andin other content, this report and accounts contains statements
that are based on knowledge and information available at the date of preparation

of the Strategic Report, and what are believed to be reasonable judgements, and
therefore cannot be considered as indications of likelihood or certainty. A wide range
of factors may cause the actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those
contained within, or implied by, these various forward-tooking statements. None of
these statements should be construed as aprofit forecast.

——--

1

Jeui2R08

8
5
&
2
3
3
3
8

euuojureuonipoy

Yana

ea otomanenae

apaveting pevtovmnent tn 201

gemscraen

sider Brome
growrih in am umneartstn scone

call

in 2018

98%

of all commercial
audiences over

5 million were
oniTv

23% 0

increase in
long-form
video requests

enviromments

361%

share of
commercial
impacts for the
ITV Family, up 5%

8.5m

paying
relationships in
Direct to Consumer

Co

+11% jae ans

increase in
ITV2's 16-345
share of
commercial
impacts

56%

of ITV Studios
revenue now
generated from
outside the UK

26.6m

viewers for
England's semi-
final match at peak

249

new commissions

&210

recommissions

| > 2018 highlights

4 rma Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
hadits most watched series ever, averaging
11.8 million viewers and 45% share. It was also the
biggest show on TV in 2018 (excluding sport).

2 'Y Britain's Got Talent was the second most

watched programme on ITV in 2018 (excluding
sport).tn June 2018, the 12th series was won
by comedian Lee Ridley, also known by the
stage name of Lost Voice Guy.

4. Gordon, Gino and Fred:
Road Trip brought in an average
audience of 5.1 million viewers
and a 23% share acrossits three
episodes in September 2018.

; D Torvill & Dean

was a one-off drama
broadcast on ITV on
Christmas Day attracting
47 million viewers.

¥ Unforgotten

returned to ITV for its third
series. tis produced

by Mainstreet Pictures,
part of ITV Studios UK
portfolio. Unforgotten
averaged 6.1 million
viewers and a 24%

share, up in share on

the second series.

A Coronation Street remains the most watched
soapin the UK. It averaged 7.5 million viewers in
2018 with a. 35% share. up slightly year-on-year.

‘& Dancing on Ice successfully returned
toour screens in January 2078 for its tenth
series, after a four-year break. The series
averaged 6.2 million viewers and a 28%
share, making it the fourth largest
entertainment show on ITV in 2018.

uoday r6axens

Strategic Report

ITV at a Glance

ITV, as an integrated producer broadcaster (IPB), creates, owns and distributes
high-quality content on multiple platforms globally. We also continue to
diversify our business through the opportunities presented from consumers’
willingness to pay for great content and to engage with ITV as a trusted brand.

Broadcast
& Online
We operate the largest
family of commercial
channels in the UK and
deliver our content
through linear television
broadcasting and on
demand via the ITV Hub.
. The ITV family of channels attracted a total share of viewing
ITV broadcasts a wide variety of (SOV) of 23.2% in 2018 up 7% year-on-year, the largest audience Ubsy
content on its family of free-to-air of any UK commercial broadcaster. Our main channel is the largest
channels and the ITV Hub. Our commercial channel in the UK, delivering 98% of all commercial
PO CC audiences over five million.
fungeaey television arene RPE OU" free-to-air digital channels provide more targeted iv2 uw3
key deme an hice across 13 regional demographics for advertisers, such as 16-345, ABC's, Men, . .
ab anal aalinnaleaeh aderticing and Housepersons with Children, and consist of ITV2 and ITV3, iw] itvBe.
On the INV Hub itv ew RARER the {wo largest digital channelsin the UK, ITV4,ITVBe, and
CITV.ITV2 is the most watched digital channel for 16-34s and ce

across its channels and platforms by

3% year-on-year in 2018 16-24s. It is also ahead of Channel 4, Channel 5 and BBC Two

for 16-245, We also have high definition (HO) versions of our
digital channels available on pay platforms.

Inaddition to linear broadcast, ITV delivers its content across 7 ks
v multiple platforms. This is either through our over-the-top Uy
Cen (OTT) service the ITV Hub, available on 28 platforms including “U3
Xe,¢ ITV's website (itv.com), pay providers such as Virgin and Sky,
YW and through direct content deals with services such as Amazon,

Apple and Netflix

Direct to Consumer We are in the concluding phase of talks with the BBC to establish
a strategic partnership to bring BritBox, a new SVOD service,
tO.UK audiences. BritBox UK will provide an unrivalled collection
of British boxsets and original series all in one place.

ITV generates revenue directly from
consumers through subscription
video on demand (SVOD) on the ITV
Hub+, competitions, live events, ITV already has the ITV Hub+ which is a SVOD service where
gaming apps, merchandise and pay subscribers have access to ad-free content, the ability to
Per view events, driving value from download catch up content and EU portability.

consumers’ increasing willingness
to engage with brands.

Our joint venture with the BBC, BritBox US, provides an ad-free
SVOD service in the US and Canada offering the most comprehensive
collection of British content available in these countries. BritBox CIRZUS
US subscribers continue to grow steadily, exceeding 500k in 2018.

We also hold an equity stake in a British content SVOD service,

Cirkus, in the Nordics, Germany, Austria and Switzerland

23.2% 9.2% 28m £81m

share of viewing for the ITV share of commercial impacts registered users on Direct to Consumer revenue
Family in 2018 (2017: 21.7%) for 16-34s on ITV2 (2017: 8.3%) the ITV Hub (2017: 21m) in 2018 (2017: £65m)

4 ITV ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018

>ITvataglance

ITV total revenue (inc. internal revenue) ITV adjusted EBITA

£2,096m £555m ( )
£1,670m £255m

2
3
3
&
2
Ey
3
8

ITV Studios

We have built significant
scale in key creative
markets around the

world, creating and
producing programmes
and formats that return
and travel, namely drama,
entertainment and factual.

ITV Studios UK ITV Studios UK is the largest commercial producer in the UK.
We produce programming across a diverse range of genres
such as drama, entertainment and factual entertainment
for ITV's own channels, as well as for other UK broadcasters
such as the BBC, Channel 4, Channel 5 and Sky.

ITV Studios creates and produces
content in the UK andinternationally
across 12 countries, while our
distribution business, Global
Entertainment, and the distribution
arm of Talpa, Talpa Global, sell finished
programmes and formats worldwide. ITV America ITV America is underpinned by the production of unscripted
content. However, we have been growing our presence in
the scripted content market, using our strong cash flows

to produce high-profile dramas with the potential to travel :
and build international appeal. We sell to over 30 broadcasters ;
and platform owners across the US.

ITV Studios ITV Studios also operates in the Netherlands (through Talpa

Rest of World Media), Germany, France, Italy, Australia, the Nordics, and
the Middle East. Talpa produces and distributes entertainment
formats while the other businesses increasingly produce
scripted content, as well as unscripted content, for tocal
broadcasters in these regions and OTT platforms. This content
is either created locally or are formats that have been created
elsewhere by ITV, primarily the UK and Talpa.

Global Global Entertainment, ITV's distribution business, owns

Entertainment the rights to ITV programmes and formats and acquires
third-party content, distributing this to other broadcasters
and platforms internationally. Within this business, we also
finance productions for ITV and third parties to acquire
global distribution rights.

8,900+ hrs 50+ labels 57 ITV formats

of original content produced in 12 different countries supplying sold in 2018
and delivered in 2018 over 200 channels or platforms (2017: 62 ITV formats)
(2017: 8,400+ hours)

Strategic Report

Chairman’s Statement

Sir Peter Bazalgette

66

We live in an era of

increased scrutiny and
governance for public
companies. Quite

rightly people ask,

what are we for?

oO

8.0p

"

2

3

jidend per share p (ordinary)

3
“5 6 7 8

+0.2p

increase
in 2018

2018 saw ITV demonstrate its resilience in
a testing year for UK plc. ITV’s share price
has not reflected the many achievements
we report on here, affected as it is by
political and economic uncertainty in the
UK. But beyond that Carolyn McCall, a year
in as Chief Executive, hit the ground running
with her strategy - furthering our creative
culture, modernising our advertising
offering, developing more direct
relationships with our consumers and
establishing a data-led business to drive
our growing ontine services. All of this
addresses the structural challenges of
this digital era and converts them into
‘opportunities. She reports on ‘More than
TV’ later.

We live in an era of increased scrutiny and
governance for public companies. Quite
rightly people ask, what are we for?

A. good way of answering this is to look to
our stakeholders. Who are they and have
we delivered for them? ITV has five broad
groups with which we connect:

ITV ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018

Customers

First, we deliver compelling programmes
and entertainment to our viewers and
consumers in the UK and around the world.
For the third year running we have increased
our share of viewing, with hit dramas,
entertainment and sport which strike

an emotional and cultural chord with our
mass audience. This is underpinned not
just by BARB viewing figures, but also by

a careful qualitative research dialogue
And increasingly we'll be building
relationships directly with consumers.

ITV has always partnered with brands, to
whom we offer demonstrably effective
and safe advertising and sponsorship
opportunities. These are increasingly
informed by enhanced data insights, But
our major customers also include broadcasters
and platform owners in the UK and
internationally via our growing production
company, ITV Studios. They rely on our
quality content to drive their own viewers,
subscribers and revenues.

Shareholders

We remain very focused on delivering value
to our shareholders and Carolyn’s clear
strategic plan - More than TV - will do

this. We consult our major shareholders
regularly. This included a Capital Markets
Day in September, 2018.

We've been explaining how we're
strengthening ITV to ensure it's well
positioned to address the opportunities and
challenges of the digital media landscape.
Reflecting our solid operating performance
in 2018 and the Board's confidence in the
business with its strong cashflows, we're
proposing an 8p dividend, up 3%.

Citizens

As the largest commercial broadcaster in
the UK, ITV reaches millions of people on
a daily basis through our channels and
‘online services. Our huge and varied output
reflects society and our significant reach
gives us the opportunity to enrich the
national conversation. This has included
inspiring people to eat better with the
ground breaking campaign for vegetables
~ Eat them to defeat them, motivating
children to take more exercise with

The Daily Mile, encouraging the nation to
preserve and plant native trees through
The Queen's Green Planet campaign

or raising awareness of health issues,
such as mental health with Project 84.

Asa Public Service Broadcaster we also
have an important role to deliver properly
resourced, trusted and impartial national
and regional news and current affairs.

This is criticat to democracy, more so than
ever in this internet era of rumour and
Paranoia. And we're investors in Britain's
growing creative economy, with our
substantial production bases in Manchester,
Leeds and London, our network of regional
newsrooms and our training programmes
for the next generation of talent. in short,
we're investors in civil society - we make
content with a public purpose.

Eat them to

defeat them

is ITV's bold new
advertising
campaign inspiring
people to eat better.

Legislators and Regulators

Akey principle of post-war Britain has been
the free and universal provision of the
highest quality public service television,
enabling everyone to participate in the

life of the UK, regardless of means or
geographical location. This is a fundamental
Part of bringing the UK together which is,
more important than ever. Of course we
deliver our legal and regulatory obligations
but we deliver much more civic value than
this, as | have outlined, We do all this with
no public funding ang continue to work
closely with politicians, policymakers

and regulators, not least to sustain the
commercial freedoms that enable us

to continue playing this role.

Colleagues
At the heart of ITV and its success is our
strong creative and commercial talent.

We run our business in a way that nurtures
an engaged and inclusive workforce.

This means attracting people from all
social and cultural backgrounds to work
with us, enabling everyone to be their best.
And via our network of ‘Ambassadors’ we
maintain a close conversation with our
6,000 colleagues globally.

We strive to ensure that our workforce
reflects the diverse make up of modern
society, This is reflected in our gender
balance with around 50% of our workforce
being female and almost half of our
workforce outside London. And our
workforce is also increasingly outside

the UK. We now have four network groups
actively supporting diversity - ITV Embrace
is our BAME network; ITV Balance is our
work-life network; ITV Pride serves as our
LGBT+ network; and The Women's Network.
We were also pleased to be singled out by
the most recent Hampton Alexander report
as the sixth best performer in the FTSE 100
for gender diversity in our combined
Management Board and direct reports
team and the fourteenth best performer

at Board level.

> Chairman's Statement

‘& Butterfly was a three-part drama
broadcast on ITV in 2018, and brought in
an average audience of 3.7 million viewers
and an average share of 15%.

At the end of 2078 lan Griffiths retired as
our Chief Operating Officer and Chief
Financial Officer after more than a decade
of excellent service and leadership. We
thank him and wish him well in the future.
And we welcome Chris Kennedy as lan's
successor, with his wealth of FTSE 100,
media and direct to consumer experience.

I'm pleased to report the arrival of two new
recruits to our plc Board: Duncan Painter is
a serving FTSE 250 chief executive and

has a critical knowledge of data-led
enterprises, particularly in the field of
entertainment and advertising. Edward
Bonham Carter joins as Senior independent
Director, in which role he'll deploy his
lifetime's expertise in the financial sector,
both as an executive and as a shareholder.

Finally ' like to thank all our ITV colleagues
for their sterling contributions in a year of
change. One thing doesn't change, of course:
we all still want compelling entertainment,
we all like to be told great stories. And at ITV
we believe we have a good story to tell.

Sir Peter Bazalgette
Chairman

¥
s
3
3
2
3
3
3

StrategicReport

Chief Executive’s Report

ITV has delivered a strong operational performance in 2018 with very
good on-screen and online viewing and good growth in ITV Studios.

Carolyn McCall

66

The economic and
political environment
has rarely been less

certain but we are
delivering in the areas
of the business which
are under our control
and building an
increasingly resilient

business for the future.

‘V Horse Racing continued to perform well
on ITV main channel and ITV4, attracting
valuable male audiences.

ITV has delivered a strong operational
performance in 2018, with very good
on-screen and online viewing and good
growth in ITV Studios.

We are very focused on executing our
strategy to create a stronger, structurally
sound business, building on this good
operating performance. The economic and
political environment has rarely been less
certain but we are delivering in the areas
of the business which are under our control.
We will report progress in each area of the
strategy. We have a solid balance sheet
and good access to liquidity which gives

us the flexibility and capacity to invest to
strengthen the business, and deliver
returns to shareholders.

2018 Financiat highlights
Total revenues were up 3%, driven by 5%
growth in our non-advertising revenues but
profits were down primarily as a result of
the higher programme budget with the
Football World Cup. Our cash generation
remains strong at 88% and our leverage

is 1.1x net debt to adjusted EBITDA which
provides good flexibility as we implement

8 ITV ple Annual Report and Accounts 2018

the strategy. Reflecting these strong cash
flows and the Board's confidence in the
business, ithas proposed a dividend of 8p,
up 3%, as we've already committed to.

Broadcast & Online delivered 1% growth
in total advertising, with strong growth in
VOD, up 36% more than offsetting the
decline in spot revenues. Our Direct to
Consumer revenues have grown 25%

and are a growth opportunity albeit from
alow base. in total, Broadcast & Online
revenues were up 1% with adjusted EBITA
down 7% to £555 million.

ITV Studios delivered 6% growth in total
revenue with organic revenues up 4% and
our portfolio of acquisitions continuing

to perform well. The UK was broadly flat
while international revenues continue to
grow with the growth in the rest of world
more than offsetting the decline in ITV
America which was impacted by the timing
of deliveries. international revenues now
make up 56% of our total studios revenues,
up 2 percentage points on last year. Total
adjusted EBITA was £255 million up 5% ata
15% margin - firmly within our target range.

More than TV

ITV's vision is to be... More than TV.

The pre-eminent integrated
producer broadcaster for viewers
and brands in the UK

+ Aworld-class creative force in
global content production

+ Ascaled and leading Direct to
Consumer business with strong
consumer relationships

Alean and agile organisation
capable of perpetuat change

+ A future facing, modern and digital
brand thats relevant and valuable
toall viewers and brands

+ Asustainable, cast yenerative and
growing business delivering value
for shareholders

‘Y Queer Eyeis produced by ITV America
for Netflix and achieved critical acclaim
in 2018, winning three Emmys.

Strengthen

Integrated producer

Our vision and strategy

In 2018 we launched our new strategy and
vision in response to the changes we are
seeing within the media market

There is no doubt that the pace of change
is rapid and our strategy will continue to
evolve but our priorities are clear.

There has been alot of commentary about
changes in viewer behaviours. Viewers in
the UK watch 192 minutes of TV per day.
This is down 5% on the previous year,
understandable given the profusion of
content and the choice of how people

can watch TV. Over 70% of all viewing
remains live despite this,

> Chief Executive's Report

Read more about our
strategy on page 24

Against this backdrop ITV's viewing
performance was very strong. Our total
viewing was up, with total linear viewing
up 2% as well as significant growth in
Hub viewing, up 32%; we continue to be
the home of quality mass commercial
audiences with 98% of audiences over

5 million, and our share of viewing up for
the third year running.

16 to 34's are clearly watching TV differently—
but deliver them content that they want

and they watch it - Love Istand is not the only
example of this. ITV main channet’s volume
of 16 to 34's viewing was up 2% year on year
and ITV Family volume was down only 2%
against a market down 13%. TV and
specifically TV remains the only place to

get a scaled, quality young audience.

And of course, we are driving significant
young audiences on the ITV Hub. Total
registered users have grown again and 79%
of all 16 to 34's in the UK are registered on
the ITV Hub. Simulcast requests are showing
strong growth up 34%, as viewers and
particularly young viewers use devices to
watch TV. Our average monthly active users
across all demographics have increased
64% following compulsory registration on
connected TVs in 2018 - meaning we are
reaching our users more often whichis very
important from an advertiser's perspective.

uoday >!6a3e5