ITV plc

Company number 4967001

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS
31 DECEMBER 2024

*AE2M64SP*

A04 15/05/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

#150

aa:

we
“entertain &

Our purpose

is Making What Matters,
entertaining and connecting with
millions of people in the UK and
globally, reflecting and shaping
culture and building brands with
brilliant content and creativity.

Our 2026 vision

is to be a leader in UK
advertiser funded streaming
and an expanding global force
in content.

Our strategy

ensures that ITV is best placed

to capitalise on the opportunities
presented by the rapidly changing
viewing, content production and
advertising environments.

A /MACELEBRITY...GET ME OUT OF HERE! had its 24th
series on ITV in 2024. tt was the biggest entertainment
show of the year.

OUR MORE THAN TV STRATEGY

Expand
STUDIOS

Supercharge
STREAMING

Vertically
Integrated
Producer

Broadcaster

& Streamer

Optimise
BROADCAST

© resemoreonour
strategy on page 9

ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

Governance

Key financials

Financial Statements

Group external revenue

£3,488m

4% (2023: Zocom

Group adjusted EBITA

£542m

+11% (2023: £489m)

Adjusted EPS

9. 6p

+23% (2023: 7.8p)

Cost savings
(2023: £24m)

Netdebt

(2023: £553m)

Profit to cash conversion

83: (J

(2023: 102%)

Statutory operating profit Leverage
£318m 0.7
+34% (2023: £238m) (2023:1.0x)
Statutory EPS idend
70. 4p 5. Op
+100% (2023: 5.2p) (2023: 5.0p)
STRATEGICREPORT | GOVERNANCE
Key Financials 1 Chair's Governance Statement.
An Introduction to ITV and its Board of Directors.
Business Model. iQ Group Executive Committee.
Investor Proposition. 4 Corporate Governance
Chair's Statement 5 OurCommitment to Section 172(1).
Market REVIEW .ncnncnnnsn se .6 Stakeholder Engagement...

Chief Executive's Statement (incl. Strategy).....7
Key Performance Indicators
Operating and Financial

Performance Review.
Social Purpose.
Our People.
Alternative Performance Measures.
Finance Review.
Non-Financial and Sustainability
Information Statement.
Risks and Uncertainties -
Climate Related Financial Disclosures.
Long-term Viability Statement Disclosure......58

Nominations Committee Report.
Audit and Risk Committee Report.
Remuneration Report. sesnseaenernerneenennennseeo DOR
Directors’ REPOF ...cseeseeseeseentssensenerneensenenn 24

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Financial Statements conn 429
Independent Auditor's Report 130
Primary Statements seen ST
ITV ple Company Financial Statements .u..204

Subsidiary undertakings and investments....214

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Glossary 220

Alternative performance measures,

1, Weuseboth statutory and adjusted measuresin our Strategic Report. The latter, in management's view, reflects the
underlying performance of the business and provides a more meaningful comparison of how the businessis managed
‘and measured day-to-day. full reconciliation between our statutory and adjusted resultsis providedin our Alternative
Performance Measures section, Our KPIs (which are based on adjusted metrics) are set outin the KPIs section

FURTHERREADING

SOCIAL" &

Dees

SURPOSE

Read our Social Purpose
Impact Reportat:
itvple.com/socialpurpose

Read our Pay Gap Report
at itvplc.com/investors/
governance >

Ontine
We maintain a corporate website
containing our financial results
and awide range of information
of interest to all stakeholders,
including institutionaland
private investors:
www.itvpic.com

Strategic Report
The Strategic Reportis preparedintine
with the relevant provisions of the
‘Companies Act 2006 and the 20:8
Corporate Governance Code andthe
‘Company has had regard to the guidance
issued by the Financial Reporting Council.
Itis intended to provide shareholders and
other stakeholders with a better
understanding of the Company, its
positionin the marketsin which it
‘operates, andits prospects.

Forward-looking statements
This Annual Report contains certain
statements that are or may be forward
looking statements. Words such as
“targets’, "expects", "aim", anticipate’,
‘intend’, or the negative of these terms
‘and other similar expressions of future
performance or results, and their
‘negatives, areintended to identity such
forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are based
‘upon current expectations and
assumptions regarding anticipated
developments and other factors affecting
(Tv. Although ITV believes that the
expectations reflectedin these
forward-looking statements are
reasonable, it can giveno assurance that
these expectations will prove to have been
correct. By their nature, forward looking
statements involve risk and uncertainty
because they relate to events and depend
oncircumstances that will occurin the
future. They are not historical facts. nor
are they guarantees of future
performance: actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking
statements. There are anumberof factors
that could cause actual results and
developments to differ materially from
those expressed or implied by such
forward ooking statements. Such factors
include, but are not imited to, those
discussed under our Risks and
Uncertainties on pages 49 to 53.

Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made and, except
{as requiredby applicable law or regulation,
ITV undertakes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise,
Nothingin this report should be construed
as aprofit forecast.

ITV plc Annuat Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance

Financial Statements

An introduction to ITV and its business model

Mae?

£2,102m

(2023: £2,090m)

£250m

(2023: £205m)

aoa.
am O

1. Afull reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory numbers is included in our APMs section

2. Includes £556 million of digital revenues (2023: £498 miltion), 2023 digital revenue was reported as £490 million and has
been restated to include previously omitted digital advertising revenue streams. Refer to the KPIs section for further details

3. Group Adjusted EBITA includes £(7) million related to unrealised profitin stock adjustments (2023: £(2) million)

4, 2024ITV Studios EBITA includes £13 million impact of Audio-Visual Expenditure Credits, refer to the Finance Review

1
Who we are ITV TOTAL REVENUE’
ITVisavertically integrated
producer broadcaster and
streamer, consisting of ITV ITV Studios
Studios and Media
& Entertainment (M&E). £2, O38m
(2023: £2, yom)
°
ITV GROUP ADJUSTED EBITA®
ITV Studios*
£299m
(2023: £286m)
forforter stats
Our divisions

ITV Studios

ITVStudiosis a scaled and global creator, owner and distributor
of high-quality TV content. It operates in 13 countries, across
more than 60 labels, and has a global distribution network. Itis
diversified by genre, geography and customer in the key creative
markets around the world.

ITV Studios is the largest commercial producer in the UK, one of
the largest unscripted producers in the US and one of the top
three producers in the majority of the international markets in
which it operates. ITV Studios has established relationships with
key content buyers and leading creative talent in those markets,
and with a combined content library of over 95,000 hours, it is
also one of the pre-eminent global distributors.

Media & Entertainment

ITVis the UK's largest commercial broadcaster and BVOD"
streamer, delivering unrivalled audience scale and reach, Through
M&E, we make content available to viewers through ITVX - our
free advertiser-funded streaming service, our free-to-air linear TV
channels, and our third-party partners, enabling them to watch
however and wherever they choose.

ITV offers advertisers unique combination of mass reach,
targeted advertising, and commercial and creative partnerships,
ina brand-safe environment across ITVX andour linear TV
channels. We also offer advertising around our content on
YouTube, providingincreased scale and reach for advertisers.

+ Broadcaster video on demand

20

formats sold in 3+
countries
(2023: 19)

30%

of revenue from scripted
productions
(2023: 37%)

59%

of revenue generated
outside the UK
(2023: 58%)

25%

totalrevenue
from streamers
(2023: 32%)

Refer to the Operating and Financial Performance
Review for further details on our divisions

14.3m

monthly active users
(2023: 12.5m)

92%

total streaming hours
(2023: 1,506m)

of the top 1,000 commercial
broadcast TV programmes
(2023: 91%)

share of commercial
viewing
(2023: 32.6%)

ITV ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report

An introduction to ITV and its business model continued

Our strategic
assets and
competitive
advantages

ITV's business modelis based on
aunique set of strategic assets
and competitive advantages,
enabling us to grow our diversified
revenue streams and create
value for our shareholders.

By developing, owning, managing
and distributing the rights to
content, we can maximise the
value of our programme brands
across ITV Studios, Streaming
and Broadcast. This ensures ITV
isamore diversified business and
enables us to drive value from
different revenue models.

Governance

Financial Statements

products and culture

+ Ahigh-performing, agile,
creative and diverse
workforce .

GROUP ITVsTuDIOsS MEDIA&
ENTERTAINMENT
+ Integrated producer, + Industry-leading creative + Trusted brand witha strong
broadcaster and streamer talent that creates and British content offering
model creates valuable produces contentacrossa ,
i * Unique commercial
synergies range of genres a
Proposition
+ Strong, trusted brand, + Operates in the growing

segments of the content
market - premium scripted
and unscripted content

Broad global customer base
with major networks,
streamers and broadcasters

+ Creates and owns the rights
to world-class content

+ Strong commercial
relationships with
advertisers and partners

+ Owns Planet V, which is the
second largest programmatic
targeted addressable
platform in the UK

+ Strong data capabilities with
one of the largest first-party
datasets in the UK

Using our strategic assets and competitive advantages we aim to grow...
TS

Our diversified
revenue
streams

Supported
by our risk
management
framework

ITVSTUDIOS

Original production

We create and produce original scripted and
unscripted content commissions fora diverse
customer base of global streamers, major networks,
as wellas local free-to-air and pay TV broadcasters
and operators across our production bases.

Formats
We create some of the world's most successful
unscripted formats, which we license globally to
maximise the value from our programme rights.

Distribution

We own the rights toa significant catalogue of
programmes that we license to broadcasters and
streamers internationally through our global
distribution network.

‘We monetise our ITV Studios brands and extensive
catalogue of 95,000+ hours via YouTube channels,
social media, gaming and streaming platforms
through our digital studios tabet: Z00 $5.

MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT

Advertising

(TVX and our free-to-air linear TV channels drive
significant digital and linear advertising revenues,
due to our ability to deliver mass audiences and
targeted advertising at scale.

Advertising partnerships
‘Through our partnership with YouTube, we work
alongside ITV Studios’ Zoo $5 tabel to sell the
advertising around all our content on YouTube.

Commercial and creative partnerships
Using the power of our brands, we help advertisers
engage with audiences in different ways. We provide
unique andinnovative commercialand creative
partnerships across ITVX and our free-to-air linear
TVchannels. These include sponsorship, product
placement and advertiser-funded programming

‘Subscription, competitions
and third-party revenues

We generate streaming subscription revenue,
monetise our consumer interactions through
competitions, and receive third-party revenue
from platforms for carrying our channels.

ITV operates in an increasingly complex business
environment. Thus, our risk management
framework provides the business with the tools
to identify, assess, manage and continually
review our risks.

‘Management and the Board can adapt the strategy
to ensure we are striking the right balance between
risk-taking and risk mitigation, and that any
underlying risks in the strategy are being
appropriately managed, thereby enabling the
successfuldelivery of the strategy.

Our business model enables us to create value for all our key stakeholders. This includes our customers, viewers and subscribers, partners, citizens,
shareholders, debt providers and analysts, legislators and regulators, as well as our colleagues, programme participants and everyone we work with

© sce our stakeholder Engagement section for further details on ITV's key stakeholders and how we engage with them

ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance

Investor proposition

Reasons to

ITV is delivering profitable growth
for shareholders through:

DRIVING SIGNIFICANT BENEFITS
FROM OUR UNIQUE POSITION:

+ Asthe UK's largest commercial broadcaster
and BVOD’ streamer, and asa scaled global
production business

“Broadcaster video on demand

GROWING OUR LEADING, SCALED AND
DIVERSIFIED GLOBAL STUDIOS BUSINESS:

ITV Studios is on track to deliver 5% CAGR organic
revenue growth between 2021 and 2026, growing
faster than the market

ITV will deliver a margin of 13-15%

DRIVING STRONG MOMENTUM IN
STREAMING:

+ Delivering significant growth in digital viewing and
digital advertising, providing data-driven targeted
advertising at scale through Planet V (ITV's
addressable advertising platform) in a trusted,
brand-safe environment

Ontrack to deliver at least £750 million of digital
revenue by the end of 2026

© Refer to our more than TV Strategy on page
© ison page 12
© operating and Financial Performance Review on page 16

© Finance Review on page 40, for further details on the above

Financial Statements

OPTIMISING BROADCAST AS WE CONTINUE
TO ATTRACT MASS LINEAR TV AUDIENCES:

+ Which remain highly valuable to advertisers
as they grow their businesses, and drives cash
generation for the Group

INCREASING PROFIT OVER THE
MEDIUM TERM:

+ Aswe continue to rebalance the business
towards the growth drivers of ITV Studios
and advertiser-funded streaming, and deliver
further efficiencies

ROBUST BALANCE SHEET, GOOD CASH
GENERATION AND DISCIPLINED CAPITAL
ALLOCATION FRAMEWORK:

Reprofiled debt, pension scheme in surplus,
and operating within investment grade metrics,
provide a strong platform for future growth and
attractive returns to shareholders

Sustaining a 5.0p ordinary dividend that can

grow over time; £198 million of £235 million share
buyback completed by 31 December 2024

ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements

Chair’s Statement

In September 2025 we will celebrate ITV's 70th

birthday. Over seven, often turbulent, decades our
company has displayed a rare combination of tenacity,
adaptability and creativity to allow it to succeed and
prosper. These characteristics were to the fore

again in 2024.

Andrew Cosslett
Chair

We opened the year with Mr Bates vs The Post
Office, arguably the most impactful TV drama
ever produced, provoking public outrage and
immediate and welcome government
intervention and changes to law. Mr Bates
generated the most enormous pride inside
the organisation, showing vividly as it did, the
impact and value ITV has asa Public Service
Broadcaster (PSB).

For 70 years ITV has entertained, influenced
and shaped Britain, and Mr Bates was a
classic example of the Company atits best.
Our pride is heightened by the knowledge that
we do what we do without taking money from
the public purse. Since it began in 1955, ITV
has used only the talent of its peopleandits
commercial wit to make its way in the world.
And that continues today.

The ability to adapt is a key factor in long-term
success. The media industry landscape has
changed dramatically over recent years and
we have had to keep pace. Last year, in
addition to broadcasting award-winning
programmes like Mr Bates, we invested
further in our Studios division, which now
comprises over 60 production labels around
the world, and also in ITVX, our high-
performing streaming business, which
enjoyeda very successful second year. These
investments are strategically vital, and were
made possible by the delivery at the same
time of a complex, internal efficiencyand
transformation programme. This programme
was carefully and thoughtfully managed by
our leadership team and the Board
acknowledges their efforts over a prolonged
and intense period. Many colleagues were
impacted by the changes called for, and we
thank everyone involved for their tolerance,
understanding and support.

Ina challenging macro environment, total
external revenues for 2024 were down 4%.
Group adjusted EBITA for the year, however,

" grew by 11% with increases in profitability

seen in both Studios and Media &
Entertainment. Well over half our profits now
come from Studios and our digital business.
Our balance sheet remains strongandwe
generated £325 million of free cash in the year.

We have now completed the majority of our
£235 million share buyback and | know that
our shareholders value our dividend. The
Board has proposed final dividend of 3.3p
taking the full year vatue of the dividend to
5.0p, in line with 2023.

‘The Media Act received Royal Assent in the
last days of the previous Parliament, and we
were very pleased that it did. Thisis a key
piece of legislation that helps modernise the
regulation of the media industry and offers
PSBs like ITVa more level playing field on
which to compete. We applied to renew our
PSB Licence in 2023 andatter the passing of
the Act, Ofcom renewed the PSB Licence,
committing us to ten more yearsasa PSB
We now look to Ofcom to provide robust
implementation of the Act's provisions.

Such a busy and
consequential year would
not have been possible
without the leadership

of Carolyn and her senior
team. | would like to

thank them for their
extraordinary efforts in
challenging circumstances.
And | must also thank
everyone more broadly at
ITV. Great businesses are
built by great people and
we are fortunate to have
so many we can count on.
So thank you. Your passion
and commitment make all
the difference...happy 70th.

Andrew Cosslett
Chair of the Board

ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance

Market review

Financial Statements

© ©

The markets in which we operate are dynamic, highly competitive, and continue to
evolve at pace. High-quality content remains essential for all platforms to attract
and engage viewers at scale. Ongoing shifts in viewing habits, and the constantly
changing advertising landscape, present both opportunities and challenges for ITV.

—
TREND:
Global demand for content

The global content market is large and attractive
with all platforms needing a mix of content to
succeed ina very competitive market. While
‘overall market growth has stowed compared to
historical levels, we expect to see growth in the
key segments in which ITV Studios operates,
including content licensing (especially digital and
FAST‘ channels), as well as continued demand
from streaming platforms for unscripted content
and premium scripted content.

2024was impacted by the 2023 US writers’ and
actors’ strikes, which delayed productions from
2024 to 2025, along with softer demand from
free-to-air broadcasters (FTA) in Europe.

The global content market grew by 3% in 2024
with spend on sports rights from global
streaming platforms driving a significant
proportion of the growth. Demand for acquired,
or library, content also increased. Original
commissioning spend from linear TV operators
declined, which impacted ITV's revenue
performance in 2024.

1. FAST- Free ad-supported streaming TV

TREND 2:
Fragmentation in viewing and
changing habits

While the average viewing time per person per
day to broadcast, streaming and video-sharing
platforms remains stable at around 4 hours 16 mins
per day, the way viewers consume content has
evolved rapidly. Traditional linear TV viewing has,
experienced a decline over the last few years, with
this shift being offset by growth in digital

platforms. This reflects an increasingly fragmented
competitive landscape, which offers viewers
unprecedented choice. From PSBs (e.g. BBC, ITV)
and global streaming platforms (e.g. Netflix,
Disney+) to video-sharing platforms (e.g. YouTube,
TikTok), the breadth of available content and
viewing options gives audiences an unparalleled
level of choice and flexibility to curate their own
personalised viewing experience across platforms,
anytime, anywhere.

—_—_—_———
TRENDS:
The UK advertising market

The UK advertising market was worth c.£41 billion
in 2024, growing at 11% year-on-year (compared to
+6% in 2023 vs. +8% in 2022). This was a compound
annuat growth rate (CAGR) of 8% over the past
decade. This growth has largely been driven by
online @igital) advertising, which was up around
15% in 2024 (following +12% growth in 2023) and
16% CAGR over the last ten years.

he largest category of advertising spend,
being 77% of the market, followed by TV advertising
which is 12% of the market. (Source: Q3 2024 AA
WARC report).

Overall growth varies by advertising medium,
with TV impacted, in part, by the increased
macroeconomic uncertainty in @4 2024, and lower
business confidence following the UK Budget.

Market forecasts for 2025 (e.g. AA WARC, media
agencies) expect growth in UK advertising, driven
by online advertising

Global streaming platforms, such as Netflix,
Amazon and Disney+ have recently introduced
ad-supported streaming tiers, increasing
competition within the TV advertising market.

Size of global content market in 2024

$233 billion

2023: $227 billion (Source: Ampere Analysis: Feb 2025
~ excludes spend from film studios)

Average viewing time per person per day

4 hours 16 mins

2023: 4hours 17 mins (Source: BARB, 164)

2024 UK advertising market

£41 billion

2023:£36 billion (Source: AAWARC Q3 2024)

How we are responding

Delivery of ITV Studios’ strategic priorities wilt
ensure ITV gains market share over the medium
term. By expanding our scripted and unscripted
business, and further diversifying ourcustomer
base, ITV can capture the growth in content
spend in key segments in which we operate,

as explained above.

Growing our global formats ensures we have a
range of high-value formats which we can monetise
internationally through production, format sales
and licensing. Our distribution business and digital
studios, Z00 55, can also capitalise on the value of
our extensive catalogue of formats, scripted
content and ITV Studios IP. This contributes to our
higher overall ITV Studios margin relative to our
industry peers.

Asavertically integrated producer, broadcaster
and streamer, ITV Studios also benefits from
demand forits content from ITV's FTA linear TV
channels and our free advertiser-funded streaming
service, ITVX, providing M&E witha strong and
‘secure content supply.

Howweare responding

As the largest commercial broadcasterand BVOD
streamer in the UK, we offer viewers the flexibility
towatch content whenever and wherever, while
maximising commercial value.

ITVX has over 22,000 hours of free content (up
from 11,000 at launch), which has led to significant
growth year-on-year in monthly active users of our
streaming service, up 14% and streaming hours,
up 12% year-on-year.

Live viewing, whether via ITVX or on linear TV
channels, remains a major focus: ITVis home to
more commercial audiences of scale than any
other broadcaster or streaming platform in the UK.

In 2025, wewill invest around £1.250 billion in
high-quality, trusted content across a wide range
of genres, including large family entertainment
shows, sport, drama and news, which will drive
both video on demand and live viewing on ITVX,
and mass audiences on linear TV channels.

How we are responding

ITV offers our advertising clients: mass reach,
targeted advertising at scale, and commercialand
creative partnerships in a brand-safe environment.
This remains aconsiderable market differentiator,
along with our deep, established relationships with
advertisers and agencies - something which no
other competitor can offer.

ITVX delivers the scale and breadth of digital
audiences, which provides inventory for Planet V,
our addressable advertising platform, to create
and deliver targeted advertising at scale. This
underpins our ability to compete for digital video
budgets and gain share in this growing addressable
advertising market, illustrated by our 15% growth
in digital advertising revenue in 2024,

ITV will also setl advertising around ITV's content
‘on YouTube (through Zoo 55), creating a new
‘opportunity to grow our share of digital advertising
revenues.

ITV's FTA linear TV channels offer unique scale
and reach, andit remains a cost-efficient and
important part of marketing campaigns.

Link to risk: 1

Linktostrategy: @

Key
© Expand studios globally (S) supercharge st

Link torisk: 3

| Linkto strategy: (S) @

reaming © optimise Broadcast

Link torisk: 2

inkto strategy: (S) @

Refer to the Strategy section in the CEO's
‘Statement and to the Operating and Financial
Performance Review for further detail

ITV ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategic Report Governance

Financial Statements

Chief Executive’s statement

2024 has been a successful year - financially,

operationally and creatively,

driven by strong

execution. This reflects ITV's significant strategic

progress despite the rapidly
which we operate.

Carolyn McCall
Chief Executive

ITV delivered double-digit earnings growth
across the Group, with record profits in
Studios, andan increase in the profits and
margin of M&E. ITV Studios performed well
despite the expected one-off impact of US
strikes and softer demand from free-to-air
broadcasters, which reflects the scale, quality,
diversification and resilience of the business.

ITVX continues to drive strong growth in
digital viewing and revenue ands delivering
attractive returns. ITVX viewing has grown
faster than all the other major video-on-
demand services and streaming platforms
since its launch. Broadcast has maintained its
strength in detivering mass reach and
continued strong cash generation.

Creatively, we have hada standout year
producing and distributing critically acclaimed
content globally that continues to set us apart
in the market, and 2024 has demonstrated
that the programmes we produce and
distribute can change attitudes, outcomes,
and even the law.

Financial Highlights

ITV's transformation has made it more agile
and resilient, which have been key to its
success over the years, and this is evidentin
its 2024 financial performance.

Group adjusted EBITA* grew 11% to £542
million following our year of peak net
investment in 2023 and adjusted EPS was
Up 23% at 9.6p.

Total ITV Group revenue was down 3% and
total external revenue declined by 4%, with
2% growth in total advertising revenue offset
by the expected decline in ITV Studios
revenue. Within M&E, ITVX continued to drive
strong growth in digital viewing, which was up
12%, andin digital advertising revenue, which
grew 15% year-on-year. Digital advertising
now makes up 26% of total advertising
revenues.

+ Includes €13 million of Audio Visual Expenditure
Credits, refer to APMs for further details

changing market in

Our statutory results benefited from the profit
on the sale of BritBox International in March
2024, with statutory profit before tax up 170%
to £521 million and statutory EPS increasing
by 100% to 10.4p.

Cash generation was strong with 83% profit to
cash conversion and £325 million of free cash
flow. ITV has a robust balance sheet with net
debt of £431 million, and net debt to adjusted
EBITDA leverage of 0.7xat 31 December 2024.

Inline with ITV's dividend policy, the Board has
proposeda f