ITV plc

Company number 4967001

ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS
31 DECEMBER 2023

Ta |

oasi2024 #161 }
COMPANIES HOUSE J

SATURDAY

Servic} oan
INUAL REPORT & ACCOUNTS 2023 ae

oun siranegy

Streaning service and a cash gancrative liner advertising business. This ensues

mreterial efitciencies, Invest bahtind eur

Stretagc priontiies ans éaliver ee

cefurs to shareholders. a ——

> Rea a Ny
REED .

/ Supperchnarxe

We emertain an) conmect wit
Failtions of peepte in hie UK and)
Slotvally, ceflecting and shaping
cuitwe and suilding bands witty
Corillent content md cxecttivity.

ORA026 Vision

‘Tobsa leader In UR advertiser
funded streaming and an exnandting
Gia Yara Ih conkers.

SRUDIOS

ITV pte Annual Report and Accounts 2023 1
CONTENTS KEY FINANCIALS'

STRATEGIC REPORT Group external revenue Cost savings

KeyFinancials

ieee £3,624m £24m
andits Business Modet y

Investor Proposition -3% (2022: £3,728m) (2022:823m)

: Group adjusted EBITA Net debt
Market Review

oes £489M £553m
Our Strategy

Key Performance indicators 32% (2022: e717m)
Operating and Financial

Performance Review

Uz2: #beSmn)

Social Purpos Adjusted EPS Profit to cash conversion
Our People ; AC Co}
ere 7. 8p 102%
Finance Review 45 °,

Non-Financial and Sustainability ~ 41% (2022:13.20) (2022: 75%)

Information Statement _ 52

Risks an rtainties 55 Statutory operating profit Leverage

Climate Related

Financial Disclosures 65 £23538Mm 7 Ox
Long-term Viability

Statement Disclosure __ -54% (2022. £51910) (2022: 08x)

GOVERNANCE

Chair's Governance Statement 78 Statutory EPS Dividend

oe 5.2p 5.0p

Corporate Governance

Stakeholder Engagement 84 -51% (2022: 10.7p) (2022: 5.0p)

OurCommitmentto Section 17201) __ 92
Nominations Committee Report 103

Audit and Risk Committee Report 106

FURTHER READING

Remuneration Report 7
Directors’ Report 143

FINANCIALSTATEMENTS

Financial Statements 148

independent Auditor's Report 149

Primary Btatomonts 388 ——

ITV plc Company Financial Social Purpose Impact Report Pay Gup Report

Statements 228 Read more at Read more at

Subsidiary undertakings and itvple.com/socialpurpose itvple.com/investors/governance
investments _

ADDITIONALINFORMA’ — —

Glossary ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES

Strategic Report

‘The Strategic Report explains in detail how wehave Company, of its position in the markets within which it
perfumed Unis year and Secs out, amungst utter Uys, operates, and b1 Its prospects. In setting out the Company's
afairreview of thebusiness, abalancedandcomprchensive _ mainrisks and uncertainties and throughout, this report
nalysiaaf ur performance, Ihe nail kiy pecfaromnce ular. nunts contains statements that are based on
indicators to explain the progress we have made, inuntedge andinfurmnation available at tre date of
Adearriptina of the principal risks and uncertainties swepranation of the Strategie Rupert, andwhat arebatiovud
faring the Campany, and anindication of potential Inacaaconahiajudgements, and thorataracannotbe

funure dewelapments, ‘ 14 ay Indications of likalihood or cer tal

The Stratagic Repartis preparedin inewith the relevant ange of factore may causa tha actualoutcames and
fhe. ANT sxc: POR cult «taliffer raterfally froen those cuntained within, oF
wernance Code (Cede) and the Company implied’by, the various forward tooling atatementsin

pe

has ed regard to the guidance Issueu by the Finarcial ~anniual RepUtL and ALCUUNLS. Won UF Ulese SLaLeITIENts
Reporting Council. Itisintended to provide shareholders shouldbe construedasaprofit forecast
ONLINE ‘ang ether ctakehaldora with abetter understar

We maintain a corporate website 4. deus uth satutury and adjusted measures lh our Strategic Report, Ine latter, in management's View,

containing ourfinancialresults anda Feilects te underiying per furnace Uf die DUSINUSS anu proviges amore meaninigiut comparison of how
° the business is managed and measured day-to-day. A ulleconciliation between our statutory and adjusted
fr ifort i
wide range of information of interest to results is provided in our Alternative Performance Measures section. Our KPis (which are based on adjusted
alt stakeholders, including institutional metrics) arc sct out in the KPis section.

and private investors: www.itvptc.com

avodauoIozivels |

2 §TV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2023

AN INTRODUCTION TOITV AND ITSB

| WHO WE ARE

ITVisa vertically integrated producer broadcaster and streamer,
consisting of ITV Studios and Media & Entertainment (M&E).

ITV TOTAL REVENUE

@ ITVStudios @ MaE*

£2,170m. £2,090m

(2022: £2,249m)

(2022: £2,096m)

ITV GROUP ADJUSTED EBITA™

@ ITV Studios

£286m

(2022: £259m)

@ M&E

(2022: £4641

1. M&E digital revenue includes revenue from digital advertising, subscription, linear addre:
competitions platform) and other revenues from digital business ventures

£205m

USINESS MODEL

Uy

{Uus £490 mition of uigieal Fevenues* (2022: £411 million)

+» Afullreconciliation between our adjusted and statutory
numbers isincludedin our APMs section

m)

sssable advertising, digital sponsorship and commercial partnerships, ITV Win (digital

ITV Studios

ITV Studios is a scaled and global creator, owner and distributor
of high-quality TV content. It operates in 13 countries, across over
60 labels and has a global distribution network. itis diversified by
genre, geography and customer in the key creative markets
around the world.

ITV Studios is the largest producer in the UK, one of the largest
unscripted producers in the US and one of the top three
producers in the majority of the international markets in which it
operates. ITV Studios has established relationships with key
content buyers and teading creative talent in those markets; and
with a combined content library of over 90,000 hours, it is also
one of the pre-eminent global distributors.

Media & Entertainment

ITVis the largest commercial broadcaster and streamer in the
UK, delivering unrivalled audience scale and reach. M&E includes
Streaming and Broadcast through which we distribute content via
ITVX, our free advertiser-funded streaming service, and via our
free-to-air linear TV channels. Our contents also distributed on
third-party partner platforms, such as Sky and Virgin.

ITVX also includes a subscription tier, ITVX Premium, which
provides subscribers with all of ITVX's programming ad-free
along with other exclusive content.

ITV offers advertisers a unique combination of mass
simultaneous reach, targeted advertising, and commercial and
creative partnerships, in a brand safe environment across ITVX
and our linear TV channels.

1») Refer to the Operating and Financial Performance Review for further detal

its on our divisions

58%

of revenue generated
outside the UK
(2022: 60%)

32%

totalrevenue from
streamers
(2022: 22%)

19

formats sold in 3+
countries
(2022: 19)

37%

of revenue from scripted
productions
(2022: 34%)

12.5m

monthly active users
(2022: 10.5m)

91%

of the top 1,000 commercial
broadcast TV programmes
(2022: 93%)

1,505m

total streaming hours
(2022:1,192m)

52.6%

share of commercial
viewing

(2022: 33.8%)

'Tvpte AnnualReport and Accounts 2023 3

| CUR STRATES ASSETS AND COUPE TINS AMANIACES.

ITV's business models based on a unique set of strategic assets and competitive advantages which enable us to grow our diversified

revenue streams and create value for our shareholders.

By developing, owning, managing and distributing the rights to content, ITV can maximise the value of its programme brands across
ITV Studios, Streaming and Broadcast. This ensures ITV is a more diversified business and enables it to drive value from different

revenue models.

Group ITV Studios

ITV Media & Entertainment

Integrated producer, broadcaster
and streamer model creates
valuable synergies

Strong, trusted brand, products.
and culture

Ahigh-performing, agile and
diverse workforce

broadcasters

+ Creates and owns the rights to
world-class content

+ Broad global customer base with
major networks, streamers and + Deep commercial relationships

M&E is differentiated from global
streamers with primarily
uniquely British content

with advertisers

Owns Planet V, an intuitive
self-serve addressable
advertising platform

Strong data capabilities with one
of the largest first-party
datasets in the UK

(S) USING OUR STRATEGIC ASSETS AND COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES WE AIM TO GROW...

OURIDIVERSIEIEDJREVENUESSTIREAMS)

ITV Studios

Original production

We create and produce original scripted and unscripted content
commissions fora diverse customer base of global streamers,
major networks and local free-to-air and pay TV broadcasters
and operators across our production bases.

Formats

We create some of the world’s most successfulunscripted
formats which we license globally to maximise the value from
our programme rights.

Distribution
We own the rights toa significant catalogue of programmes that
we license to broadcasters and streamers internationally through
our global distribution network.

Media & Entertainment
Advertising
ITVXand our free-to-air linear TV channels drive significant

digital and linear advertising revenues due to our ability to deliver
mass simultaneous audiences and targeted advertising at scale.

Commercial and creative partnerships
Using the power of our brands we help advertisers engage with
audiences in different ways, We provide unique and innovative
commercial and creative partnerships across ITVX and our
free-to-air linear TV channels. These include sponsorship,
product placement and advertiser-funded programming

Subscription, competitions and third-party revenues

In the UK, we generate streaming subscription revenue through
ourad-free tier, ITVX Premium. We monetise our consumer
interactions through competitions associated with our
programme brands. We also receive third-party revenue from
distributing our channels and streaming services to other
platforms and services.

So) SUPPORTED BY OUR...

IRISKIMANAGEMENTSERAMEWORK

ITV operates in an increasingly complex
business environment and our risk
management framework provides the
business with the tools to identify,
assess, manage and continually review
our risks.

Management and the Board can adapt
the strategy to ensure we are striking the
right balance between risk-taking and risk
mitigation, that any underlying risks in the
strategy are being appropriately managed
and therefore enabling the successful
delivery of the strategy.

© ourusiness model enablesus to create

value for all our key stakeholders, see page
6 for further detail.

AvodayoIDaLVULS |

[itv pleyannusl Roporend Accounts 2023)
INVESTOR'PROPOSITION

TV is delivering long+temn velus fier shercholeters though:

Brivinelsisniticant@ene tts

broadcasteganastreamed

Peter towne chief Executive's Statementon

Sif ooge 6 forfurtnerdetalson these Dench

Optimising eraadcastaswol
(continue\toyattractimass)
llinearahjaudiences4

Pm Whichremainnigniyvaluable to)

edvertis

Bnccrivescash generation forthe Group)

Refer, to our KPIs on page 14 and Operating and)

ngremaeen aree
Financial performance Review on page 10 for
forthe details)

DeliverinelacaineCCcucery

My retestocurcrisen pacers evra cers

Grout is eading, seated
fandidiversitiediglobalt
iStudiosibusiness4

Pa LVwillgrow fastegthan the globalcontent
marketVava mar soul sel 570

Refer,t0. Our More than ty, Strat
fand operating and Einancial ber formance)

Review on page 18 for further details)

Driving momentum]

through planeuy ibvysaddressable)

advertising platform) imattested orang)
safe environmeny

ff cerer,to our Keison page laand Operating and)
eis and Qpetatn
iinanciai performance Review'on Daas foy

[rurther details)

increasing\profitoverthe)
Imediumlterm

® Refer.to Our More than LV Strategy on page 10}
Fand Kpison page 14 for further detallS

MiEiteiiganchust
ibalancelsheetystrongicashy
generationfand|disciplined]

ITV ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

2023 WAS A

CHALLENGING BUT
PRODUCTIVE YEAR

Inanutshell, 2023 was a challenging but
productive year. Economic headwinds were
present throughout the year impacting our
financial performance but we made good
progress strengthening the internal
capabilities of the organisation and hitting
a number of key milestones on our strategic
journey to be ‘More Than TV’, evolving from
a legacy broadcaster to a more sustainable
media and entertainment business.

Taking the financials first. Totalexternal
revenues were down 3% on the prior year as
cost of living pressures affected household
demand for goods and services and led
advertisers to trim their marketing budgets.
Adjusted EBITA' declined 32% reflecting
both the drop in revenues and planned
investment in ITVX. Free cash flow was £361
million, up 29% vs 2022. The balance sheet
remains strong and the Board has proposed
afinal dividend of 3,3p taking the dividend for
the full year to 5.0p, in tine with the prior year.
This is a total return of around £200 million.

The Board has also announced a £235 million
share buyback which will be completed
within the next 18 months.

The mediaand entertainment industry
continues to evolve rapidly. Technology
advances are dramatically increasing the
choices available, not just in terms of
content, but also how, when and where it can
be consumed. The emergence of generative
Alisa potential game changer in the world of
production while the competitor set is
shifting, from national TV broadcasters to
international streamers and global tech
corporations who are increasingly the
gatekeepers to our audience. These
structural shifts are material and require

us to be on our mettle and take appropriate
action. We need to ensure our internal ways
of working are as sharp and agile as they

can be, that we are ready to take difficult
decisions to keep our cost base down and

havea clear strategy that is future focused
and plays to our strengths.

Our‘More Than TV’ strategy has three main
objectives:

Expand Studios
Supercharge Streaming
+ Optimise Broadcast

During the year we made good progress on
each of the three.

Studios grew revenue and profit to record
levels deploying its global scale and strength
towin business across all major genres and
geographies.

In streaming, ITVX hada successfullaunch
year, proving technically robust and attracting
large cohorts of new viewers with the quality
and depth of its content.

And our linear broadcast business continued
to demonstrate its extraordinary, continuing
ability to generate mass, simultaneous
audiences. In addition, innovations such as
the upgraded iteration of Planet V reinforced
ITV's position as the clear leader for
advertisers in UK commercial television.

It is the blending of these three strategic
elements that makes ITV unique. Together
they form an integrated model that allows us
to consistently secure world-class content,
provides outstanding flexibility and reach for
Uk advertisers and attracts the best writers
and producers to work with us. The modelis
strengthened by our long-standing status as
a Public Service Broadcaster (PSB). A Media
Billis progressing well through Parliament
and its final adoption into taw will
fundamentally update the current regulatory
framework and provide enhanced, welcome
support to PSBs whose objective voice ata
time of such dynamic change has never been
more important.

1. Refer to APMs section for the reconciliation between our adjusted and statutory numbers.

ITV isa special organisation to bea part of
and it's clear from the frequent engagement
surveys we run and our high levels of
colleague retention, that people like to work
here. They are proud of what we do, of the
lead we show on important issues whether
it's mental health; diversity, equity and
inclusion; or of the open and respectful way
we try to treat each other. Nothing is ever
perfectand we are eager to find opportunities
to improve, but the values of this Company
are sound.

There have been a number of changes to our
Board during the year. Anna Manz, Mary Harris
and Duncan Painter stepped down and! would
like to thank them sincerely for their efforts.
The Board and the wider Company have
benefited enormously from their time with
us. In their place am pleased to welcome
Dawn Allen and Marjorie Kaplan. Two highly
accomplished leaders who bring different
experiences to the Board table and from
whom | am sure we will tearn much.

Finally my thanks to
Carolyn andthe
leadership team for
their exceptional efforts
during some challenging
timesandtoaltlmy
ITV colleagues for
their continuing
commitment and
passion for the cause.

ANDREW COSSLETT CBE
CHAIR OF THE BOARD

Auoda¥ IDLE |

6 {Tv ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023
a

OUR KEY STAKEHOLDERS

Our strategy is aligned wit!

so that we are creating and delivering value for all.

CUSTOMERS

VIEWERS AND SUBSCRIBERS

h the requirements of each of our stakeholders

PARTNERS

Including but not limited to the
following:

Agencies and advertisers

We deliver advertisers value
through a unique combination
of mass simultaneous reach on
ourlinear TV channels, targeted
digital advertising powered by
Planet V - our proprietary
adtech platform, and through
commercial and creative
partnerships around our quality
programme brands on our linear
channels and ITVX

Broadcasters, networks and
streamers

We deliver high-quality TV
productions globally, across a
range of genres which
broadcasters and streamers can
monetise through their own
business models.

Platforms

We have strong relationships with
aggregators who broadcast our
content and pay us for its
inclusion on their platforms.

SHAREHOLDERS, DEBT PROVIDERS
AND ANALYSTS

Through the successful execution
of our strategic priorities, we will
create value forand deliver
returns for our investors (equity
and debt).

Refer to the
Investment
Proposition section
for further details.

Our content offering is varied and
high quality, which audiences can
watch and engage with, for free or
through a subscription, across a
variety of channels and platforms
ina trusted, brand-safe
environment.

We collaborate closely with our
partners and aim to cultivate
strong working relationships. We
ensure all suppliers understand
andadhere to our Supplier Code
of Conduct.

PARTICIPANTS AND EVERYONE
WE WORK WITH

We protect, invest in and develop
our onand off-screen talent,

and create a culture that
nurtures them to be productive,
commercial and creative. People,
and their physicaland mental
health and safety, are our priority
at iTV.

Refer to the
Our People section
for further details.

ITV takes its responsibilities and
obligations as a PSB seriously and
conducts business in line with the
appropriate laws and regulations,
to ensure we operate ethically
and responsibly.

%

OUR COLLEAGUES, PROGRAMME

LEGISLATORS AND REGULATORS

CITIZENS

Asa Public Service Broadcaster
(PSB) in the UK, ITV can help
shape culture for good. Our
Provision of free, universally
accessible, high-quality content
along with a trusted news service,
helps to inform citizens, shape
public sentiment, drive national
conversations and support
democratic debate.

Refer to
Social Purpose
for further details.

See Our Commitment to Section
172 and the Stakeholder
Engagement section for further
details of ITV's key
stakeholders and how we
engage with them.

§Tv ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 7

MARKET REVIEW

The markets in which we operate are dynamic, increasingly competitive
and rapidly changing. The global content market is large and attractive,
with all platforms needing access to the best content to attract viewers

at scale. Ongoing changes in viewing habits, coupled with an ever-evolving
advertising landscape, bring both challenges and opportunities to ITV.

TREND ONE

Global demand for content

The global content markets large and attractive
with all platforms needinga mix of content to
succeed ina very competitive market. Going
forward we expect to see growth in key segments
of the global content market in which we operate,
including content licensing, streamers demand for
unscripted content and cost effective premium
scripted content. 2024 will be impacted by the
2023 US writers and actors strikes delaying
productions until 2025 and weaker demand from
free-to-air broadcasters (FTA) in Europe who are
holding back spend until they see more certainty
in the advertising market.

a
Size of global content market in 2023

$2266n

(Source: Estimate from Ampere Analysis:
Feb 2024 - excludes spend from film studios)

How we are responding
Delivery of ITV Studios’ strategic priorities will
ensure ITV gains share over the medium term. By
‘expanding our scripted and unscripted business
and further diversifying our customer base, ITV
can capture the growth in content spend in key
segments in which we operate including licensing
and demand from streaming platforms for
unscripted content and cost-effective premium
scripted content.

Growing our global formats ensures we havea
range of high-value formats which we can monetise
internationally, through production, format sales
and licensing. Our distribution business can also
capitalise on the value of our extensive catalogue
of formats and scripted content. This contributes
toourhigher overall ITV Studios margin relative to
‘ourindustry peers.

Asavertically integrated producer broadcaster and
streamer, ITV Studios also benefits from demand
forits content from ITV's FTA linear TV channels
and our free advertiser-funded streaming service,
(TVX, providing M&E with a strong and secure
content supply.

Link to risk Link to strategy

TREND TWO

Fragmentation in viewing
and changing habits

While the average viewing time per person per day
remains stable at 4.5-5 hours per day (Source:
Ofcom), the competitor set has become
increasingly fragmented over time. From PSBs (
BBC, ITV), to global streaming services (e.g. Netti
Disney+), and user-generated video-sharing
platforms (e.g. YouTube, TikTok), viewers now have
anunparalteled level of choice and flexibility about
what, how, where and when they watch content.

a
Average viewing time per person per day

4 hours 28 mins

(Source: Ofcom Media Nations. Previous 5-year
average of 5 hours per day - incl. COVID-19 years)

How we are responding
Asacommercial PSB in the UK, we provide the
nation with the flexibitity to watch content
whenever and wherever, while maximising
commercial value.

In December 2022, we launched ITVX which
provided a step-change in ITV's streaming of ering
and now has over 17,000 hours of free content.
This has led to significant growth year-on-yearin
monthly active users of our streaming service, up
19% and streaming hours, up 26%.

Live viewing, whether via TVX or on linear TV
channels, remains a major focus: ITV ishome to
more commercial audiences of scate than any
other broadcaster or streaming platform in the UK.

1n2024, we will invest around £1.275 billion in
high-quality, trusted content across a wide range
of genres, including large family entertainment
shows, sport, drama, and news which will drive
both video on demand and tive viewingon ITVX,
and mass audiences on linear TV channels.

Link to risk Link to strategy

TREND THREE

The UK advertising market

The UK advertising market is worth £36 billion,
growing at 7% compound annual growth rate
(CAGR) in the past decade. Growth slowed in 2023
(forecast to be +3% in 2023 vs. +9% in 2022), with
high inflation leading to reduced marketing
budgets. There was also a decrease in venture
capital funding, which had funded significant
advertising activity in recent years from new
market entrants,

Total market growth has largely been driven by
online advertising, whichis expected to be up 5% in
2023 and up 16% CAGR over the last ten years.

Onlineis the largest category of advertising spend
(75% of the market) followed by TV advertising
(24% of the market). (Source: AA WARC).

‘The TV advertising marketis increasingly competitive,
with global streaming platforms (Amazon, Netflix,
Disney+) having now launched, or shortly set to
launch, streaming advertising propositions.

—
2023 UK advertising market

£36bn

(Source: AA WARC. 2022: £35 billion)

How we are responding

ITV offers our advertising clients something no
streamer can - mass simultaneous reach, targeted
advertising at scale and commercial and creative
partnerships in a brand-safe environment. This
remains a considerable market differentiator along
with our deep, established relationships with
advertisers and agencies.

ITV's FTA linear TV channels offer unique scale and
reach and it remains a cost-efficient and important
part of marketing campaigns.

ITVX delivers the scale and breadth of digital
audiences which provides inventory for Planet V,
ouraddressable advertising platform, to create and
deliver targeted advertising at scale. This
underpins our ability to compete for digital video
budgets and gain share in this growing addressable
advertising market, illustrated by our 19% growth in
digital revenues in 2023.

Link to risk Link to strategy

8 e

key © Expand stusios globally

© ©©

(3) supercharge Streaming

6 ©@©

© optimise Broadcast

© Referto tne strategy sectionin the CEO's Statementand to the Operatingand Financial Performance Review for further detaits

adodayoIaivaLs |

a tv ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT

EXECUTING

OUR MORE
THAN TV
STRATEGY

The successful execution of ITV's strategy of investing in and growing both
production in ITV Studios, and ITVX in Media and Entertainment (M&E), is evident
through the robust financial and operating performance in 2023, despite a
challenging macroeconomic environment.

ITV Studios delivered record revenues

and profits as the business continued to
demonstrate its strong market position,
with outstanding creative deliveries globally.
In Media and Entertainment, ITVX drove
significant growth in digital viewing and
advertising revenues, with the investment
on plan, It was the year's biggestand most
successful streaming launch in the UK,
firmly establishing its place in the market,
and winning the award for Best On-Demand
Service at the Edinburgh TV Festival

Financial highlights

2023 was the second-highest revenue
outturn in ITV's history. Total ITV group
revenue was down 2% and total external
revenue declined by just 3% in 2023 despite
the severe decline in linear advertising
ITV's growth drivers continued to perform
well, with 4% growth in ITV Studios and
19% growth in digital revenues helping

to substantially offset a 15% decline in
linear advertising due to the challenging
advertising market. in total, M&E revenues
were down 7% in the year.

As expected, group adjusted EBITA was
down 32% at £489 million which reflects the
decline in linear advertising revenue and the
planned investmentin ITVX. Adjusted EPS
was down 41% at 7.8p. We have reached a
peak level of net investment in our streaming
business in 2023 and we continue to expect
to grow profits from here.

Statutory profit before tax was down 61%
and statutory EPS decreased by 51% to 5.2p.

There was strong cash generation in the year,
with 102% profit to cash conversion anda
robust balance sheet, net debt of £553
million and net debt to adjusted EBITDA
leverage of 1.0x.

Inline with ITV's dividend policy, the Board
has declared a final dividend of 3.3 (2022:
3.3p), giving an ordinary dividend of 5.0p per
share for the full year 2023 (2022: 5.0p)

As announced on 01 March 2024, ITV sold its
50% holding of BritBox International to BBC
Studios for a total consideration of £255.
million. The Board will return the entire net
proceeds to shareholders through a share
buyback of £235 million which we expect to
complete within the next 18 months

Our Purpose, Vision and More
than TV Strategy

The strong operating performance in 2023
demonstrates that the strategy we started
implementing in 2018, and evolved in 2022
with the launch of ITVX, is working. We have
been able to withstand macroeconomic
headwinds because of the actions we have
taken to reposition