Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 44 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 56 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 103 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 103 Item 9B. Other Information 105 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 105 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 106 Item 11. Executive Compensation 106 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 107 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 107 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 107 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 108 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 111 Signatures 112 Table of Contents LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FORM 10-K Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are based on our management’s belief and assumptions about the future in light of information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify statements by words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” and similar words or phrases or the negative of these words or phrases. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the statements are reasonable when made, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. There are a number of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those results anticipated by our statements, which include, but are not limited to: u developments in the U.S. government defense and budgets, including budget reductions, sequestration, implementation of spending limits or changes in budgetary priorities, initiatives aimed at improving governmental efficiency, delays in the U.S. government budget process or a government shutdown, or the U.S. government’s failure to raise the debt ceiling, which increases the possibility of a default by the U.S. government on its debt obligations, related downgrades, or an economic recession; u uncertainties in tax due to new tax legislation or other regulatory developments; u deterioration of economic conditions or weakening in credit or capital markets; u uncertainty in the consequences of current and future geopolitical events; u inflationary pressures and fluctuations in interest rates; u delays in the U.S. government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests; u changes in U.S. government procurement rules, regulations and practices, including its organizational conflict of interest rules; u changes in global trade policies, tariffs and other measures that could restrict international trade; u increased preference by the U.S. government for , small and small disadvantaged businesses; u fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; u our compliance with various U.S. government and other government procurement rules and regulations; u governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; u our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. government and other customers; u our ability to respond rapidly to emerging technology trends, including the use of artificial intelligence; u our reliance on information technology spending by hospitals/healthcare organizations; u our reliance on infrastructure investments by industrial and natural resources organizations; u energy efficiency and alternative energy sourcing investments; u investments by U.S. government and commercial organizations in environmental impact and remediation projects; u the effects of an epidemic, pandemic or similar outbreak may have on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows; u our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; u our ability to accurately estimate costs, including cost increases due to inflation, associated with our contracts and other contracts; u resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; u cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, system failures or other disruptions of our business; Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 1 Table of Contents LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FORM 10-K u our compliance with international, federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding privacy, data security, protection, storage, retention, transfer, disposal and other processing, technology protection and personal information; u the damage and disruption to our business resulting from natural disasters and the effects of climate change; u our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; u our ability to manage risks associated with our joint ventures, including those in which we are a minority owner and do not operate the assets; u our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; u our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts; u the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; u the adequacy of our insurance programs, customer indemnifications or other liability protections designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims, including cybersecurity attacks; u our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; u our ability to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar worldwide and laws and regulations; u our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights; u our ability to prevail in litigation brought by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights; u our ability to declare or increase future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable law and our agreements; u our ability to grow our commercial health and infrastructure businesses, which could be negatively affected by budgetary constraints faced by hospitals and by developers of energy and infrastructure projects; u our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses; u our ability to complete the acquisition of KENE Parent, Inc. (“Entrust”) or successfully integrate Entrust to achieve the expected benefits of such acquisition; and u our ability to execute our business plan and management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of the statements to reflect events, circumstances, changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements or to conform these statements to actual results. 2 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business OUR COMPANY Leidos Holdings, Inc. (“Leidos”), a Delaware corporation, is a holding company whose direct 100%-owned subsidiary and principal operating company is Leidos, Inc. Leidos was founded in 1969 by physicist Dr. Robert Beyster. Since our founding 57 years ago, we have applied our expertise in science, research and engineering in technologies and markets to solve complex problems of global concern. We use the terms “we,” “us” and “our” to refer collectively to Leidos Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Leidos is an industry and technology leader serving government and commercial customers with smarter, more efficient digital and mission innovations. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, with 47,000, global employees, we pursue strategic growth across five pillars: space and maritime; energy infrastructure; digital modernization and cyber; mission software; and managed health services. Our customers include the U.S. Department of War (“DoW”), the U.S. Intelligence Community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (“DHS”), the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”), the Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) and many other U.S. civilian, state and local government agencies, foreign government agencies and commercial businesses. With a focus on delivering solutions, Leidos generated 87% of revenues for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2026, (“fiscal 2025”) from U.S. government contracts, either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor to others. Approximately 8% of our revenues are generated by entities located outside of the United States. By leveraging expertise in multiple disciplines, tailoring our services and solutions to the particular needs of our targeted markets and using advanced analytics, we work to securely deliver services and solutions that not only meet customers’ current goals, but also support their future missions. For additional discussion and analysis related to recent business developments, see “Business Environment and Trends” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. OUR BUSINESS SEGMENTS As of January 2, 2026, our business is aligned into four reportable segments: National Security & Digital, Health & Civil, Commercial & International and Defense Systems. Additionally, we separately present the unallocated costs associated with corporate functions as Corporate. We provide a wide array of scientific, engineering and technical services and solutions across these reportable segments. NATIONAL SECURITY & DIGITAL Our National Security & Digital business provides and technologically advanced services, solutions and products across substantially all U.S. federal government customers. Our advanced capabilities allow us to provide services, software capabilities and IT modernization, including: u Digital Modernization and Transformation – We provide worldwide digital support for our nation’s largest and most critical infrastructure. We design, develop, implement, protect and maintain IT environments to provide stability, security and flexibility to mission needs. We also deliver secure, IT solutions in cloud computing, mobility, application modernization, data center and network modernization, asset management, support desk operations and digital workplace enablement. We accelerate enterprise transformation using customizable roadmaps and repeatable processes in both classified and unclassified environments for our customers. u Mission Software – We deliver trusted national security software leveraging artificial intelligence tools for defense, intelligence, and homeland security customers. u Solutions – We provide services by using artificial intelligence and machine learning to coordinate sea, ground, air and space rapidly and securely to provide warfighters the right information at the right time for mission advantage. u Cyber Operations – We offer cyber solutions to include offensive, defensive, and physical cyber operations delivering cryptographic management solutions to protect our customers’ most critical information and assets. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 3 Table of Contents PART I u Intelligence Analysis, Mission Support, and Global Logistics Services – We provide intelligence analysis, operational support, logistics operations, security, linguistics, force production, biometrics, Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives, energetics, training and other services to Intelligence Community customers. National Security & Digital represented 44% of total revenues for both fiscal 2025 and the fiscal year ended January 3, 2025 (“fiscal 2024”) and 47% of total revenues for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2023 (“fiscal 2023”). HEALTH & CIVIL Our Health & Civil business provides services and solutions to federal and commercial customers in the areas of public health, care coordination, life and environmental sciences and transportation. We are dedicated to delivering effective and affordable solutions that are responsible for the health and of people, including service members and veterans. Our core capabilities include: u Managed Health Services – We deploy a national footprint of health clinics and health providers to support care delivery services, including medical disability and behavioral health examinations for the VA, as well as serving other independent medical exam markets. We have developed unique capabilities in behavioral health management through many decades of experience with a special emphasis on substance abuse services and counseling. Our managed health services activities leverage our IT and mission enablement capabilities, which underpin solutions we offer to our customers across all of our served markets. u Transportation Solutions – Leidos is a trusted systems developer, service provider and integrator for air navigation service providers around the world, including the FAA. We provide air traffic control systems that help manage the world’s most complex airspace. We also deliver crucial automation and capability development services to customers responsible for ensuring the safety and efficiency of air travel. u Health Mission Software – Leidos employs used for fielding applied technology solutions across the entire continuum of healthcare. We deliver a single, common electronic health record to both DoW and VA hospitals and treatment facilities worldwide. Our offerings range from integrating software for the electronic healthcare record vendor and dental record vendors to integrating picture archiving and communications software and more. u Energy and Environment – We support the critical missions of the Department of Energy (“DoE”), National Nuclear Security Administration, and National Science Foundation, providing infrastructure management and operation, logistical operations, information technology support, applied research efforts, as well as education and outreach support. u Life Sciences Research & Development – We provide life science research and development support to the NIH, Center for Disease Control, Army Medical Research community and commercial biotech companies. Our professionals operate a wide range of research and development laboratories in the areas of genetics and genomics, proteins and proteomics, advanced biomedical computing and information technology, biopharmaceutical development and manufacturing, nanotechnology characterization and clinical trials management. Health & Civil represented 30% for both fiscal 2025 and 2024 and 27% of total revenues for fiscal 2023. COMMERCIAL & INTERNATIONAL Commercial & International delivers a portfolio of products, services, and solutions aimed at securing national assets, modernizing energy and critical infrastructure, and enhancing mission outcomes. Our key customers include Utilities, government agencies in the United Kingdom and Australia, the Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs & Border Protection ("CBP"), as well as airports and ports and borders authorities. u Energy Infrastructure – Leidos partners with utilities seeking reliable energy modernization solutions. Our project portfolio spans energy initiatives across the United States, serving electric utilities, generation owners, and industrial clients. We support utilities and industrial customers in modernizing power delivery systems for enhanced reliability, implementing energy management strategies, advancing vehicle electrification, transforming digital infrastructure, and optimizing operational efficiency to meet evolving energy demands and market expectations. Our expertise spans power grid engineering and design, grid modernization, utility planning and consulting, energy management and efficiency, and innovation, including software and application development. u Global Security Products and Services – Leidos is a global leader in fully integrated security detection solutions, enhancing the safety of screening and checkpoints for aviation, ports, borders, and critical infrastructure worldwide. With over 30,000 products deployed across more than 120 countries, including people scanners, computed tomography baggage scanners, checked baggage scanners, and explosive trace detectors. We are also the primary supplier to CBP and other 4 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I international customers of mobile, ports and borders inspection systems that secure the flow of travel and trade by effectively detecting and mitigating threats across cargo, vehicles, and individuals. Our digital solutions feature a secure and scalable platform that transforms airport security by integrating disparate devices and technologies into a unified management system. u International – Leidos delivers a wide range of services across multiple domains to address critical threats and provide innovative solutions to government agencies in the UK and Australia. Our core areas of expertise include Digital Modernization, Mission Software, Logistics, and Airborne Solutions. Commercial & International represented 13% of total revenues for fiscal 2025, and 14% of total revenues for both fiscal 2024 and 2023. DEFENSE SYSTEMS Defense Systems addresses threats facing our nation by rapidly prototyping and delivering advanced hardware, software, and integrated systems solutions for the DoW, Army, Navy, Air Force, Space Force, Marine Corps, United States Special Operations Command, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and intelligence agencies. We are heavily engaged in the top defense Research Development Test and Evaluation priorities that are driven by evolving global threats. This business is dedicated to delivering solutions and services in the space, airborne, land and maritime domains and supporting critical missions worldwide. u Maritime Systems – On and under the sea, we offer a wide range of innovative capabilities. We continue to enhance our surface and subsurface autonomous and unmanned technologies to make maritime operations safer and more efficient. We provide innovative platforms, software solutions for vessel control and common core autonomous behaviors, enhanced sensor systems, advanced signal processing, secure communications hardware and software to fully support these vital missions. Our naval architecture and marine engineering services span an entire ship’s lifetime, from concept designs through service life extensions. u Aerospace Systems – We provide expertise in the design, manufacturing, and integration of infrared systems, multi/hyperspectral, electronic warfare and signals intelligence, and communications payloads. We also manufacture structures and thermal protection systems for hypersonic missiles, and we provide testing services for hypersonic vehicles. u Land Systems – We develop Integrated Air and Missile Defense systems, including the US Army Enduring Indirect Fire Protection Capability, Army Long Range Persistent Surveillance radar capability and AirShield systems. We design and manufacture other persistent surveillance radar systems, advanced sensors, and radio frequency seekers, including the associated advanced algorithms that accompany them. We use this expertise to provide military sensor and electronic system R&D services for our customers. u Airborne Systems – Leidos develops and integrates airborne solutions. We execute airborne training, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance missions as a service for the DoW, the U.S. Intelligence Community, and military services worldwide. Our key served markets include aircraft integration and operations, sensor and autonomous systems, and Operation enablers, addressing diverse missions such as target identification, border security, and operations. Defense Systems represented 13% of total revenues for fiscal 2025, and 12% of total revenues for both fiscal 2024 and 2023. CORPORATE Corporate includes the operations of various corporate activities, certain expense items that are not reimbursed by our U.S. government customers and certain other expense items excluded from a reportable segment’s performance. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES During fiscal 2025, we completed the acquisition of Savanna Industries, Inc. ("Kudu Dynamics"). See “Note 5—Acquisitions and Divestitures” in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. During fiscal 2025, we completed an immaterial disposition of a business within our Commercial & International segment. Additionally, during fiscal 2023, we completed an immaterial disposition of a business within our Defense Systems segment. For further information, see “Note 5—Acquisitions and Divestitures” in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 5 Table of Contents PART I KEY CUSTOMERS The majority of our revenues are generated in the United States. Our consolidated revenues are largely attributable to prime contracts or to subcontracts with other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. government, with the remaining attributable to international customers, including the UK Ministry of Defence, the Australian Department of Defence, NATO and customers across a variety of commercial markets. Within the U.S. government, our revenues are diversified across many agencies, including various intelligence agencies, the U.S. Army, Navy and Air Force, U.S. Space Force, DHS, Defense Information Systems Agency, FAA, Transportation Security Administration, CBP, Defense Health Agency, VA, Department of Health and Human Services, National Science Foundation, DoE, the Environmental Protection Agency and research agencies such as Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Agency. These customers have a number of subsidiary agencies that have separate budgets and procurement functions. Our contracts may be with the highest level of these agencies or with the subsidiary agencies of these customers. HUMAN CAPITAL As of January 2, 2026, we employed approximately 47,000 full and employees of whom approximately 41,900 are located in the United States and the remainder of which are located in approximately 45 countries worldwide. Approximately 38% of our employees have degrees in science, technology, engineering or mathematics fields, approximately 24% of our employees have advanced degrees, 53% of our employees possess U.S. security clearances and approximately 19% of our employees are military veterans. CULTURE AND WORKFORCE Leidos has adopted six values that help define its culture: integrity, inclusion, innovation, agility, collaboration and commitment. These values provide a roadmap for our workplace behavior and help guide our business decisions. They are a key component of our corporate culture and are part of our employees’ performance assessments. Our values are based on our commitment to do the right thing for our customers, our employees and our communities. Our values are demonstrated by our employees as they help our customers execute important missions in the world’s most complex markets. Our policies, procedures, training and communications form a comprehensive program that promotes a culture of integrity as a foundation for employee conduct. For the eighth consecutive year, the Ethisphere Institute named Leidos one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies in 2025. Our approach to workplace culture and employee development focuses on education and best practices for leaders and employees. Leidos has programs designed to promote our corporate values throughout the enterprise and with our senior leadership. Leaders, managers and employees of the Company are required to take annual training to reinforce our corporate values. We continue to grow and expand our learning and upskilling tools to develop and enhance our employees' technical and leadership skills to actively maintain our workplace culture. Company councils continue to champion and integrate Leidos values across the enterprise and are comprised of employees across our business areas and functions with oversight and guidance from executive leadership. We continue to invest in our employees through the continuous improvement of our Total Rewards plans and programs. Our Total Rewards philosophy is built on providing competitive, compensation; comprehensive and flexible benefits; and programs that support employees’ overall , financial security, and career growth. These offerings are designed to attract, retain, and motivate a highly skilled workforce. TALENT ACQUISITION PRACTICES Leidos is committed to promoting hiring practices that are designed and executed to recruit, hire, train and retain talent, including building a deep and broad pipeline of candidates. We leverage college campuses, military veteran resources, industry associations, and other sources to expand our outreach. Each year we also attend and sponsor national conferences and local career fairs that target our key market segments and talent. Our military veteran outreach program attracts, retains and supports current veterans, transitioning service members and military spouses. Our college campus outreach engages talent from multiple university sources. 6 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I CAREER MOBILITY AND GROWTH We have a strong focus on our employees’ career, flexibility and . We embrace what makes Leidos great by advancing a culture that helps every employee achieve personal and professional success. This is part of our broader Employee Value Proposition to 'break limits' and a commitment to make Leidos an even better place to work. Leidos empowers and challenges employees to continuously seek, share and apply new knowledge, skills and behaviors. We recognize the value of a workforce where every member of the team has an opportunity to feel motivated, valued and fulfilled, resulting in a purposeful and long career at Leidos. We provide resources, development, and experiential learning to enable employees to grow, including a talent marketplace where employees can fill temporary roles to develop skills and broaden their network. We provide leaders with the knowledge, skills and resources needed to coach employees and enable employees’ career development. We value and develop a workforce to meet customer needs and stay ahead of emerging technologies. We have a strong technical upskilling and reskilling program to develop, mobilize and retain talent. We offer formal programs to help employees earn many professional and technical certifications. Additionally, we offer tuition reimbursement and certification exam reimbursement to employees at accredited universities. Our Internal Mobility Program has a dedicated team that proactively focuses on the mobilization of our employees. We teach employees how to use the tools and resources available to them and help them gain visibility to hiring managers and recruiters across the enterprise. We have career advisors that meet with employees in key talent segments to provide career coaching and mobility counseling. We conduct formal employee engagement surveys to listen to employees and develop customized strategies to drive engagement, inclusion and retention across the organization. We invest in our current and future leaders in several ways. We provide a variety of leadership development offerings, comprised of formal training programs, live leader labs and e-learning. Annually, we host a Leadership Summit for approximately 350 of our most senior leaders to align our growth strategy and transformation initiatives. Through our ongoing talent planning processes, we identify and develop employees for future roles. We create succession plans for all positions as well as for other roles throughout the organization considered vital to our success. In addition, we establish development and engagement plans for top talent that may include formal training, mentoring, coaching, sponsorship and experiential learning opportunities. HEALTH AND WORKPLACE SAFETY Our primary focus is on the health and safety of our employees, with the physical and mental of our employees being top priority. To support the physical and mental of our employees, we provide many and mental health benefits to all employees, including access to our Employee Assistance Program, Headspace, Personify Health and meQuilibrium resources. These partners provide a multitude of free resources to assist employees with their mental, financial, and physical health. We are a leader in the field of occupational health and safety (“OH&S”) and place a strong emphasis on these activities, both internally and on behalf of our customers. Internally, we emphasize direct management responsibility, comprehensive corporate policies and procedures, OH&S program implementation, employee training and compliance assessments. Our corporate policies and procedures support compliance with OH&S regulations at work locations. We have a proactive compliance program of employee education, training, auditing and reporting that, through employee awareness and integration into our business operations, supports our commitment to a safe and healthy work environment. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 7 Table of Contents PART I ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS Our operations are subject to various foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations. In addition, our operations may become subject to future laws and regulations, including those related to climate change and environmental sustainability. See “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Although we do not currently anticipate that the costs of complying with, or the liabilities associated with, environmental laws will materially and adversely affect us, we cannot ensure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities in the future. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We conduct research and development activities under contracts and with research and development funds. research and development includes independent research and development (“IR&D”) and commercial and international research and development. research and development expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Our research and development expense was $187 million, $150 million and $128 million for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which as a percentage of consolidated revenues was 1.1%, 0.9% and 0.8% for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We charge expenses for research and development activities performed under customer contracts directly to those contracts. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS Our technical services and products are not generally dependent upon patent protection, although we do selectively seek patent protection. We claim a proprietary interest in certain of our products, software programs, methodologies and . This proprietary information is protected in confidence as trade secrets, using and other definitive agreements. We selectively pursue opportunities to license or transfer our technologies to third parties. In connection with the performance of services and solutions, the U.S. government has certain rights to inventions, data, software code and related material that we develop under U.S. contracts and subcontracts. Generally, the U.S. government may disclose or license such information to third parties, including, in some instances, our competitors. In the case of some subcontracts that we perform, the prime contractor generally obtains rights to use the programs and products that we deliver under the subcontract to perform its prime contract obligations. COMPETITION Competition for contracts is significant, and we often compete against many corporations with strong name and brand recognition. We also compete against smaller, more specialized companies that concentrate their resources in particular areas, the U.S. government’s own capabilities and federal contract research centers. Due to the diverse requirements of the U.S. government and our commercial customers, we frequently collaborate with other companies to compete for large contracts and bid against these same companies in other situations. Our principal competitors currently include the following companies: Accenture Federal Services LLC, Amentum Services Inc., KBR, Inc., BAE Systems, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., CACI International Inc., Deloitte, General Dynamics Corporation, GovCIO, IBM, KBR Inc., L3Harris Technologies, Inc., Lockheed Martin Corporation, ManTech, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Optum, Parsons Corporation, Peraton Inc., RTX Corporation and SAIC. These companies span across sectors that include systems development and integration, engineering and technical services divisions of large defense contractors, diversified U.S. and international IT providers and contractors focused solely on technical services, supply chain management, other logistics services and major systems operations and maintenance, homeland security and health solutions. We compete domestically and internationally against products and services of the companies listed above, numerous smaller competitors and startups, and increasingly, and .S. defense contractors. Technological advances, including artificial intelligence, autonomy and robotics, changing customer requirements, as well as the ongoing significant reform of the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR") are enabling expanded competition from both traditional and competitors. We compete by offering strong technical expertise, mission understanding, and retaining qualified staff, including those with security clearances. We focus on fair pricing and program execution. Our competitive edge also comes from our proven track record, strong cybersecurity and compliance, reliable supply chain, effective data management, and our ability to use commercial technologies and AI integration at scale. 8 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I CONTRACT PROCUREMENT Our business is heavily regulated, and we must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. government and other contracts. The U.S. government procurement environment has evolved due to statutory and regulatory procurement reform initiatives. Today, U.S. government customers employ several contracting methods to purchase services and products. Budgetary pressures and reforms in the procurement process have caused many U.S. government customers to increasingly purchase services and products using contracting methods that give them the ability to select multiple contract winners or certain contractors to provide services or products on established general terms and conditions rather than through contracts. The predominant contracting methods through which U.S. government agencies procure services and products include the following: u Definitive Award Contracts. U.S. government agencies may procure services and products through single definitive award contracts which specify the scope of services or products purchased and identify the contractor that will provide the specified services or products. When an agency has a requirement, the agency will issue a solicitation or request for proposal to which interested contractors can submit a proposal. The bidding and selection process can take a year or more to complete. For the contractor, this method of contracting may provide greater certainty of the timing and amounts to be received at the time of contract award because it generally results in the customer contracting for a specific scope of services or products from the single definitive successful awardee. u Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (“IDIQ”) Contracts. The U.S. government uses IDIQ contracts to obtain commitments from contractors to provide certain services or products on terms and conditions. The U.S. government then issues task orders under the IDIQ contracts to purchase specific services or products. IDIQ contracts are awarded to one or more contractors following a competitive procurement process. Under a IDIQ contract, all task orders under that contract are issued to the one contractor awarded the IDIQ. Under a IDIQ contract, task orders are competitively bid by the contractors awarded the IDIQ. IDIQ contracts that are open for any government agency to use for procurement are commonly referred to as “ acquisition contracts.” IDIQ contracts often have terms and unfunded ceiling amounts, therefore enabling, but not committing, the U.S. government to purchase substantial amounts of services or products from one or more contractors. At the time an IDIQ contract is awarded (prior to the award of any task orders), a contractor may have limited or no visibility as to the ultimate amount of services or products that the U.S. government will purchase under the contract, and in the case of a IDIQ contracts, the contractor from which such purchases may be made. u U.S. General Services Administration (“GSA”) Schedule Contracts. The GSA maintains listings of approved suppliers of services and products with prices for use throughout the U.S. government. In order for a company to provide services under a GSA Schedule contract, a company must be and awarded a contract by the GSA. When an agency uses a GSA Schedule contract to meet its requirements, the agency, or the GSA on behalf of the agency, conducts the procurement. The user agency, or the GSA on its behalf, evaluates the user agency’s requirements and initiates a competition limited to GSA Schedule qualified contractors. GSA Schedule contracts are designed to provide the user agency with reduced procurement time and lower procurement costs. Similar to IDIQ contracts, at the time a GSA Schedule contract is awarded, a contractor may have limited or no visibility as to the ultimate amount of services or products that the U.S. government will purchase under the contract. u Other Transaction Authority (“OTA”) agreements. Under certain circumstances, U.S. government agencies can enter into OTA agreements instead of traditional contracts. Agencies are explicitly authorized by Congress for specific uses, limitations or restrictions in the use of OTAs. In the case of DoW, the department is authorized to use OTAs to carry out basic, applied or advanced research projects, prototype development projects or production to initial prototype projects. OTA agreements are generally exempt from federal procurement regulations. These exemptions grant the U.S. government the flexibility to include, amend or exclude contract clauses and requirements that are mandatory in traditional procurements. OTA agreements also grant more flexibility to structure agreements in numerous ways, including joint ventures, partnerships or multiple agencies joining together to fund an agreement encompassing multiple providers. We often team together with other companies to submit bids for large U.S. government procurements or other opportunities where we believe that the combination of services and products that we can provide as a team will help us win and perform the contract. Our relationships with our teammates, including whether we serve as the prime contractor or as a subcontractor, vary with each contract opportunity and typically depend on the program, contract or customer requirements, as well as the relative size, qualifications, capabilities, customer relationships and experience of our company and our teammates. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 9 Table of Contents PART I Contracting with the U.S. government also subjects us to substantial regulation and unique risks, including the U.S. government’s ability to cancel any contract at any time through a termination for the convenience. Most of our contracts have cancellation terms that would permit us to recover all or a portion of our incurred costs and fees for work performed prior to U.S. government termination for convenience. These regulations and risks are described in more detail below under “Business–Regulation” and “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. CONTRACT PAYMENT TYPES Generally, the type of contract for our services and products is determined by or negotiated with the U.S. government and may depend on certain factors, including the type and complexity of the work to be performed, degree and timing of the responsibility to be assumed by the contractor for the costs of performance, the extent of price competition and the amount and nature of the profit incentive offered to the contractor for achieving or exceeding specified standards or goals. We generate revenues under several types of contracts, including the following: u contracts include , and contracts. These contracts provide for reimbursement of our direct contract costs and allocable indirect costs, plus a fee. These contracts are typically used when uncertainties involved in contract performance do not permit costs to be estimated with sufficient accuracy to use a contract. contracts generally subject us to lower risk but require us to use our best efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within a specified time and budget. Award and incentive fees are generally based on performance criteria such as cost, schedule, quality and/or technical performance. Award fees are determined and earned based on customer evaluation of the Company’s performance against contractual criteria. Incentive fees that are based on cost provide for an initially negotiated fee to be adjusted later, typically using a formula to measure performance against the associated criteria, based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs. u (“FPIF”) contracts are substantially similar to contracts except they establish specified targets for cost and profit, a price ceiling (but not a profit ceiling or floor) and a profit adjustment formula. Under an FPIF contract, the allowable costs incurred are eligible for reimbursement but are subject to a arrangement, which affects profitability. Generally, if our costs exceed the contract target cost or are not allowable under the applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all costs and may have our fees reduced or eliminated. u (“T&M”) contracts typically provide for negotiated fixed hourly rates for specified categories of direct labor plus reimbursement of other direct costs. This type of contract is generally used when there is uncertainty about the extent or duration of the work to be performed by the contractor at the time of contract award or it is not possible to anticipate costs with any reasonable degree of confidence. On T&M contracts, we assume the risk of providing appropriately qualified staff to perform these contracts at the hourly rates set forth in the contracts over the period of performance of the contracts. u (“FPLOE”) contracts are substantially similar to T&M contracts except they require a specified level of effort over a stated period of time on work that can be stated only in general terms. This type of contract is generally used when the contractor is required to perform an investigation or study in a specific research and development area and to provide a report showing the results achieved based on the level of effort. Payment is based on the effort expended rather than the results achieved. u (“FFP”) contracts provide for a fixed price for specified products, systems and/or services. This type of contract is typically used when the customer acquires products and services on the basis of reasonably definitive specifications that allow parties to develop an estimate of the costs to complete the work. The price for a FFP contract is often determined through competitive bidding by multiple contractors vying for award of the contract, but the price may also be determined through price negotiations with the customer. These contracts offer us potential increased profits if we can complete the work at lower costs than planned, but FFP contracts increase our exposure to the risk of cost overruns. Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract, the nature of services or products provided, as well as the achievement of performance objectives, and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under and contracts, is finally determined. and T&M contracts generally have lower profitability than FFP contracts. 10 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I SEASONALITY The U.S. government’s fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year. While not certain, it is not uncommon for U.S. government agencies to award extra tasks or complete other contract actions in the timeframe leading up to the end of its fiscal year in order to avoid the loss of unexpended fiscal year funds, which may favorably impact our third fiscal quarter. In addition, our quarterly results may be impacted by the number of working days in a given quarter. We tend to generate less revenue from our labor services during the fourth quarter as a result of the holiday season. REGULATION We are heavily regulated in most of the fields in which we operate. We provide services and products to numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including to the DoW, the U.S. Intelligence Community and the DHS. When working with these and other U.S. government agencies and entities, we must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts. Some significant laws and regulations that affect us include: u the FAR and supplements, including the DoW Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (“DFARS”), which regulate the formation, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts; u the Truthful Cost or Pricing Data Act, which requires certification and disclosure of cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations; u the Procurement Integrity Act, which regulates access to competitor bid and proposal information and government source selection information and our ability to provide compensation to certain former government officials; u the Civil False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties for violations, including for submission of a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S. government for payment or approval; u the False Statements Act, which imposes civil and criminal liability for making false statements to the U.S. government; u the U.S. government Cost Accounting Standards (“CAS”), which imposes accounting requirements that govern our right to reimbursement under certain U.S. government contracts; u The International Trade in Arms Regulation (“ITAR”), which governs the manufacture, export, and temporary import of defense articles, the furnishing of defense services, and brokering activities involving items described on the U.S. munitions list; u the DoW Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification ("CMMC"), which is between November 2025 and November 2028 and requires us to meet or exceed certain specified cybersecurity standards to be eligible for new contract awards with the DoW; and u the recent executive order titled "Prioritizing the Warfighter in Defense Contracting," These regulations impose a broad range of requirements, many of which are unique to government contracting, including various procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost, contract termination, adjustment and audit requirements and potential restrictions on stock buybacks, dividends and executive compensation. Among other things, these laws and regulations: u require certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations; u define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under various U.S. government contracts; u require compliance with U.S. government CAS; u require reviews by the Defense Contract Audit Agency (“DCAA”), Defense Contract Management Agency (“DCMA”) and other U.S. government agencies of compliance with government requirements for a contractor’s business systems; u require compliance with federal agency- specific cybersecurity standards in agency acquisition supplements such as DFARS; u restrict the use and dissemination of and require the protection of unclassified information and information classified for national security purposes and the export of certain products and technical data; u require us not to compete for work if an actual or potential organizational conflict of interest, as defined by these laws and regulations, related to such work exists and/or cannot be appropriately mitigated, neutralized or avoided. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 11 Table of Contents PART I u restrict the conduct of stock buybacks or issuance of dividends during the continuation of any period in which the Secretary of War determines that we are underperforming on our government contracts or have insufficient prioritization, investment, or production speed; and u require that future government contracts (including renewals) restrict executive incentive compensation in a manner that is contingent on certain specified criteria, including delivery of projects, increased production, and the facilitation of certain domestic investments and operating improvements. The U.S. government may revise its procurement practices or adopt new contract rules and regulations at any time. In particular, pursuant to Executive Order 14275, “Restoring Common Sense to Federal Procurement,” issued on April 15, 2025, the U.S. government is undertaking the comprehensive overhaul of the FAR which is expected to return the FAR to its statutory roots, rewrite it in plain language, and remove most rules. In order to help ensure compliance with these complex laws and regulations, all of our employees are required to complete ethics and other compliance trainings relevant to their position. DATA PRIVACY, CYBERSECURITY AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE LAWS Some of our operations and service offerings involve access to and use by us of personal information and/or protected health information. These activities are regulated by extensive federal, state and international data privacy and security laws requiring organizations to, among other things, provide certain privacy protections and security safeguards for such information. For example, among others: u the European Union’s (“EU’s”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which imposes compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of EU data subjects, necessitating investment into ongoing data protection activities and documentation requirements, and creates the potential for significant fines for noncompliance; u the United Kingdom’s (“UK’s”) General Data Protection Regulation, (“U.K. GDPR”), which creates similar compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of UK data subjects as are imposed by the GDPR; u the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, “CCPA”), which broadly defines personal information and provides expanded consumer privacy rights to natural persons residing in California, such as affording them the right to access and request deletion of their information and to opt out of certain sharing and sales of personal information; u the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which establishes privacy and security compliance obligations with respect to the processing of protected health information by covered entities and business associates, necessitating investment in technical and organizational compliance measures and creates the potential for substantial fines for noncompliance; and u federal data privacy laws pursuant to contract, such as the Privacy Act, when applicable. Moreover, regulation of artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence, machine learning, and similar technologies (collectively, “AI”) is rapidly evolving and legislators and regulators worldwide are increasingly focused on these powerful emerging technologies. The technologies underlying AI and its uses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including intellectual property, data privacy (including automated decision making), cybersecurity, consumer protection, competition and equal opportunity laws and regulations, and are expected to be subject to additional regulation, new legal frameworks or new application of existing frameworks. In particular, several states, including Colorado and California, have passed or proposed laws and regulations that specifically address various facets and uses of AI. In Europe, the EU’s Artificial Intelligence Act (the “AI Act”), which began in 2025, establishes, among other things, a governance framework for regulating AI systems operating in the EU. These regulations and related risks are described in more detail below under “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 12 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I COMPANY WEBSITE AND INFORMATION Our corporate headquarters is located at 1750 Presidents Street, Reston, VA 20190 and our telephone number is (571) 526-6000. Our website can be accessed at www.leidos.com . The website contains information about our company and operations. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, copies of each of our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, can be viewed and downloaded free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including Leidos. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into and is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors In your evaluation of our company and business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with information disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II of this Annual Report, and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed, and our stock price could decline. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as our ability to collect receivables, overall U.S. and global economic and industry conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest, exchange rates and inflation, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, climate change or other disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may materially harm our business, financial condition or operating results. In that event, the trading price of our stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS This risk factor summary contains a summary of risks associated with our business. It does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read this risk factor summary together with the more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties set forth following this summary. A summary of our risks includes, but is not limited to, the following: u We depend on government agencies as our primary customers and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected. u A decline in the U.S. government budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. u Because we depend on U.S. government contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S. government’s budget and appropriations process could delay procurement of the products, services and solutions we provide and adversely affect our future revenues. u Due to the competitive process to obtain contracts and the likelihood of bid protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. u The U.S. government may terminate, cancel, modify, renew on less favorable terms or curtail our contracts at any time prior to their completion and, if we do not replace them, this may adversely affect our future revenues and profitability. u We face intense competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and therefore affect our future revenues and growth prospects. u Deterioration of economic conditions or weakening in credit or capital markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. u We cannot predict the consequences of current or future geopolitical events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate and our results of operations. u Global supply chain issues and inflationary pressures have disrupted supply and increased the prices of goods and services, which could raise the costs associated with providing our services, diminish our ability to compete for new contracts or task orders and reduce customer buying power. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 13 Table of Contents PART I u Our failure to comply with various complex procurement rules and regulations could result in us being liable for penalties, including termination of our U.S. government contracts, disqualification from bidding on future U.S. government contracts and suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting. u The U.S. government may adopt new contract rules and regulations or revise its procurement practices in a manner adverse to us at any time. u Application of the U.S. government's organizational conflict of interest (OCI) rules could limit our ability to successfully compete for new contracts or task orders, which would adversely affect our results of operations. u As a U.S. government contractor, our partners and we are subject to reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. government, which could adversely affect our profitability, cash position or growth prospects if resolved unfavorably to us. u Our business is subject to governmental review and investigation, which could adversely affect our financial position, operating results and growth prospects. u Investigations, audits, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings could require us to pay potentially large damage awards or penalties and could be costly to defend, which would adversely affect our cash balances and profitability, and could damage our reputation. u Our business and operations expose us to numerous legal and regulatory requirements, and any violation of these requirements could harm our business. u Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and security which could subject us to investigations, claims or monetary penalties against us, require us to change our business practices or otherwise adversely affect our revenues and profitability. u Misconduct of employees, subcontractors, agents, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures and others working on our behalf could cause us to lose existing contracts or customers and adversely affect our ability to obtain new contracts and could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation and future results. u A failure to attract, retain, and develop talent with critical skills, including our leadership team, would adversely affect our ability to execute our strategy and may disrupt our operations. u We may not realize the full amounts reflected in our backlog as revenues, which could adversely affect our expected future revenues and growth prospects. u Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to estimate and manage costs, time and resources accurately. u We use estimates in recognizing revenues, and if we make changes to estimates used in recognizing revenues, our profitability may be adversely affected. u Cybersecurity breaches and other information security incidents could negatively impact our business and financial results, impair our ability to effectively provide our services to our customers and cause harm to our reputation or competitive position. u Internal system or service failures, or failures in the systems or services of third parties on which we rely, could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our services and products to our customers, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. u Customer systems failures could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. u Our success depends, in part, on our ability to work with complex and rapidly changing technologies to meet the needs of our customers. u We utilize artificial intelligence, which could expose us to liability or adversely affect our business, especially if we are unable to compete effectively with others in adopting artificial intelligence. u We have classified contracts with the U.S. government, which may limit investor insight into portions of our business. u We have made and continue to make acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and divestitures that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. u Joint ventures, other strategic alliances, and strategic business transactions may not achieve intended results. We may experience operational challenges in integrating or segregating assets for such a venture or transaction. 14 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I u Goodwill represents a significant asset on our balance sheet and any impairment of this asset could negatively impact our results of operations, and shareholders’ equity. u We depend on our teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or the customer, our revenues, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. u We could incur significant liabilities and suffer negative publicity if our inspection or detection systems fail to detect bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband or other threats. u We face risks associated with our international business. u Changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results. Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 15 Table of Contents PART I INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC RISKS We depend on government agencies as our primary customers and if our reputation or relationships with these agencies were harmed, our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected. Our revenues from contracts with the U.S. government (including all branches of the U.S. military), either as a prime contractor or a subcontractor to other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. government, generated approximately 87% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023. We expect to continue to derive most of our revenues from work performed under U.S. government contracts. Our reputation and relationships with the U.S. government, particularly with the agencies of the DoW and the U.S. Intelligence Community, are key factors in maintaining and growing our revenues, and enable us to provide informal input and advice to government entities and agencies prior to the development of a formal bid. In addition, negative publicity, including sustained or recurring media coverage, social media commentary, or other public communications that criticize our business practices, the nature of our products or services, or the defense industry more broadly, regardless of accuracy or completeness, and which could pertain to employee or subcontractor misconduct, conflicts of interest, poor contract performance, deficiencies in investment, prioritization, and production, deficiencies in services, reports, products or other deliverables, security breaches or other security incidents or other aspects of our business, could harm our reputation with these agencies and with certain .S. customers. Due to the sensitive nature of our work and our confidentiality obligations to our customers, and despite our ongoing efforts to provide transparency, we may be unable to or limited in our ability to respond to such negative publicity, which could also harm our reputation and our business. If our reputation is negatively affected or if we are unable to successfully maintain our relationships with government entities and agencies, certain customers could cease to do business with us and our ability to bid successfully for new business may be adversely affected, which could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. In addition, our ability to hire or retain employees and our standing in professional communities, to which we contribute and receive expert knowledge, could be diminished. If any of the foregoing occurs, the amount of business with the U.S. government and other customers could decrease, and our business, future revenues, financial condition, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. A decline in the U.S. government budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards may significantly and adversely affect our future revenues and limit our growth prospects. Revenues under contracts with the DoW and U.S. Intelligence Community, either as a prime contractor or subcontractor to other contractors, represented approximately 49% of our total revenues for fiscal 2025 and 2023, and 48% of our total revenues for fiscal 2024. U.S. government and DoW spending levels are difficult to predict and subject to significant risk. Laws and plans adopted by the U.S. government relating to, along with pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the U.S. federal budget, potential changes in budgetary priorities, including initiatives aimed at improving governmental efficiency, and defense spending levels, the appropriations process and the permissible federal debt limit, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the U.S. Presidential Administration and Congress and what challenges potential budget reductions will present for us and our industry generally. In particular, the federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have a significant impact on defense spending broadly and our programs in particular. The budget environment, including budget caps mandated by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the “BCA”) for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, which were reinstituted with established budget caps for 2024 and 2025 under The Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023, and uncertainty surrounding the debt ceiling and the appropriations process, remain significant short and risks for the Company. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the current administration and Congress, what challenges budget reductions (required by the BCA and otherwise) will present for the defense industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will be enacted in a timely manner. Current U.S. government spending levels for or other programs may not be sustained. Future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas where we do not provide services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. Such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of uncertainty surrounding the federal budget and the federal government’s ability to meet its debt obligations, changes in the priorities of the U.S. Presidential Administration, increasing political pressure and legislation, shifts in spending priorities from or other programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, the number and intensity of military conflicts or other factors. For example, the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East have resulted in increased security assistance to each of Ukraine and Israel to help preserve their territorial integrity, secure their borders, and with respect to the Russia/Ukraine conflict, improve interoperability with NATO. Changes in the priorities 16 Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report Table of Contents PART I of the U.S. Presidential Administration in respect thereto could have an adverse impact on our results. In addition, if government funding relating to our contracts with the U.S. government or DoW becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contracts or subcontracts under such programs may be terminated or adjusted by the U.S. government or the prime contractor. Our operating results could also be adversely affected by spending caps or changes in the U.S. government or the DoW’s budgetary priorities, as well as delays in program starts or the award of contracts or task orders under contracts. The U.S. government also conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift DoW or other budgetary priorities, reduce overall U.S. government spending, or delay contract or task order awards for or other programs from which we would otherwise expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. In addition, changes to the federal or DoW acquisition system and contracting models could affect whether and how we pursue certain opportunities and the terms under which we are able to do so. A significant decline in overall U.S. government spending, including in the areas of national security, intelligence, homeland security, and health and civilian services, a significant shift in its spending priorities, the substantial reduction or elimination of particular programs or significant delays in contract or task order awards for large programs could adversely affect our future revenues and results of operations and limit our growth prospects. In addition, our ability to grow in advanced technology areas, such as hypersonics programs, space systems, maritime and undersea systems, and classified programs, will also be affected by the overall budget environment, whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on U.S. Government authorization and funding. Because we depend on U.S. government contracts, a delay in the completion of the U.S. government’s budget and appropriations process could delay procurement of the products, services, and solutions we provide and adversely affect our future revenues. The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to an annual congressional budget authorization and appropriations process. In years when the U.S. government does not complete its appropriations before the beginning of the new fiscal year on October 1, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a “continuing resolution,” which allows federal government agencies to operate at spending levels approved in the previous appropriations cycle but does not authorize new spending initiatives. To the extent the U.S. Congress is unable to approve the annual federal budget before the expiration of a continuing resolution, funding for new projects may not be available and funding on contracts we are already performing may be delayed. If Congressional efforts to approve such funding fail, and Congress is unable to craft a agreement on the U.S. government’s ability to incur indebtedness in excess of its current limits, the U.S. government may not be able to fulfill its current funding obligations and there could be significant disruption to all discretionary programs, which would have corresponding impacts on us and our industry. The use of a continuing resolution at funding levels may limit new contract starts, cancellation of planned new initiatives, constrain production rate increases, delay awards or extensions, and introduce funding uncertainty that could affect bidding, scheduling and profitability. In addition, a failure to complete the budget process and fund government operations pursuant to a continuing resolution may result in a U.S. government shutdown, which could result in us incurring substantial costs without reimbursement under our contracts. If a prolonged government shutdown were to occur, it could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the U.S. government’s ability to effectively progress programs and to make timely payments, and our ability to perform on our U.S. government contracts and successfully compete for new work. The delay or cancellation of key programs or the delay of contract payments may have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. In addition, when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. government or fund specific programs and the passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriation bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our business could be adversely affected. We continuously review our operations in an attempt to identify programs potentially at risk from continuing resolutions or failure by the U.S. government to complete its appropriations process so that we can consider appropriate contingency plans. From time to time, we have experienced a decline in revenues in our fourth quarter as a result of this annual appropriations cycle, and we could experience similar declines in revenues from future delays in the appropriations process. When the U.S. government fails to complete its appropriations process or provide for a continuing resolution, a full or partial federal government shutdown may result. A federal government shutdown could, in turn, result in our incurrence of substantial labor or other costs without reimbursement under customer contracts, the delay or cancellation of key programs, or the delay, or cancellation of contract payments, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results of operations. Congress appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis for many programs, even though the program performance period may extend over several years. Consequently, programs are often partially funded initially, and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes further appropriations. If we incur costs in excess of funds obligated Leidos Holdings, Inc. Annual Report 17 Table of Contents PART I on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless or until additional funds are obligated to the contract. In addition, if and when supplemental appropriations are required to operate the U.S. government or fund specific programs and passage of legislation needed to approve any supplemental appropriations bill is delayed, the overall funding environment for our business could be adversely affected. Due to the competitive process to obtain contracts and the likelihood of bid protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. We expect that a majority of the business that we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through a competitive bidding process. The U.S. government has increasingly relied on contracts that are subject to a continuing competitive bidding process, including GSA Schedule and other contracts, which has resulted in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. The competitive bidding process involves substantial costs, including labor cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, may be split among competitors, or that may be awarded but for which we do not receive meaningful task orders, and several risks, including the risk of inaccurately estimating the resources and costs that will be required to fulfill any contract we win. Following contract award, we may encounter significant expense, delay, contract modifications, or even cancellation of the contract award as a result of our competitors protesting the award of contracts to us. Any resulting loss or delay of and funding of work under protested contract awards may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. In addition, contracts require that we make sustained efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or recognize revenues under these contracts. We are also experiencing increased competition, which impacts our ability to obtain contracts; see the risk factor “We face intense competition that can impact our ability to obtain contracts and, therefore, affect our future revenues and growth prospects.” Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The U.S. government may terminate, cancel, modify, renew on less favorable terms or curtail our contracts at any time prior to their completion, and if we do not replace them, this may adversely affect our future revenues and profitability. Many of the U.S. government programs in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor extend for several years and include one or more base years and one or more option years. These programs are typically funded on an annual basis. Under our contracts, the U.S. government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts and may otherwise terminate, cancel, modify or curtail our contracts at its convenience. Any decisions by the U.S. government to not exercise contract options or to terminate, cancel, modify, renew on less favorable terms or curtail our major programs or contracts would adversely affect our revenues, revenue growth and profitability. For example, as a result of the executive order titled "Prioritizing the Warfighter in Defense Contra

[truncated]