Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ) Earnings Missed Analyst Estimates: Here's What Analysts Are Forecasting Now - Simply Wall St News Home Portfolios Watchlist Community Discover Screener Sign Up or Login Home Portfolios Watchlist Community Discover Screener Advertisement Sweden / Communications / OM:ERIC B Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ) Earnings Missed Analyst Estimates: Here's What Analysts Are Forecasting Now April 21, 2026 Simply Wall St The analysts might have been a bit too bullish on Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ) ( STO:ERIC B ), given that the company fell short of expectations when it released its quarterly results last week. Results showed a clear earnings miss, with kr49b revenue coming in 3.3% lower than what the analystsexpected. Statutory earnings per share (EPS) of kr0.27 missed the mark badly, arriving some 75% below what was expected. Earnings are an important time for investors, as they can track a company's performance, look at what the analysts are forecasting for next year, and see if there's been a change in sentiment towards the company. Readers will be glad to know we've aggregated the latest statutory forecasts to see whether the analysts have changed their mind on Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson after the latest results. AI is about to change healthcare. These 20 stocks are working on everything from early diagnostics to drug discovery. The best part - they are all under $10bn in marketcap - there is still time to get in early. OM:ERIC B Earnings and Revenue Growth April 21st 2026 Following last week's earnings report, Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's 19 analysts are forecasting 2026 revenues to be kr227.7b, approximately in line with the last 12 months. Statutory earnings per share are forecast to plunge 29% to kr5.35 in the same period. In the lead-up to this report, the analysts had been modelling revenues of kr232.6b and earnings per share (EPS) of kr6.06 in 2026. The analysts seem less optimistic after the recent results, reducing their revenue forecasts and making a real cut to earnings per share numbers. Check out our latest analysis for Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson Despite the cuts to forecast earnings, there was no real change to the kr97.95 price target, showing that the analysts don't think the changes have a meaningful impact on its intrinsic value. Fixating on a single price target can be unwise though, since the consensus target is effectively the average of analyst price targets. As a result, some investors like to look at the range of estimates to see if there are any diverging opinions on the company's valuation. The most optimistic Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson analyst has a price target of kr121 per share, while the most pessimistic values it at kr68.00. As you can see, analysts are not all in agreement on the stock's future, but the range of estimates is still reasonably narrow, which could suggest that the outcome is not totally unpredictable. One way to get more context on these forecasts is to look at how they compare to both past performance, and how other companies in the same industry are performing. We would highlight that revenue is expected to reverse, with a forecast 1.9% annualised decline to the end of 2026. That is a notable change from historical growth of 0.2% over the last five years. Compare this with our data, which suggests that other companies in the same industry are, in aggregate, expected to see their revenue grow 1.2% per year. It's pretty clear that Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's revenues are expected to perform substantially worse than the wider industry. Advertisement The Bottom Line The biggest concern is that the analysts reduced their earnings per share estimates, suggesting business headwinds could lay ahead for Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson. On the negative side, they also downgraded their revenue estimates, and forecasts imply they will perform worse than the wider industry. The consensus price target held steady at kr97.95, with the latest estimates not enough to have an impact on their price targets. With that in mind, we wouldn't be too quick to come to a conclusion on Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson. Long-term earnings power is much more important than next year's profits. We have estimates - from multiple Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson analysts - going out to 2028, and you can see them free on our platform here. We don't want to rain on the parade too much, but we did also find 2 warning signs for Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (1 doesn't sit too well with us!) that you need to be mindful of. Valuation is complex, but we're here to simplify it. Discover if Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson might be undervalued or overvalued with our detailed analysis, featuring fair value estimates, potential risks, dividends, insider trades, and its financial condition. Access Free Analysis Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com. This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. About OM:ERIC B Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson Provides mobile connectivity solutions to communications service providers, enterprises, and the public sector in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Northeast Asia, Southeast Asia, Oceania, and India. See The Free Research Report Flawless balance sheet and undervalued. See The Free Research Report Similar Companies NasdaqGS:NVDA NVIDIA NasdaqGS:GOOGL Alphabet Market Insights What Korea's market says about your index fund Mitchell Lawler What does frontier-beating open source mean for AI investors? Andrew Legget Why 2026's worst-looking sector might be its most misread Mitchell Lawler Advertisement Weekly Picks CE Ceazar on Sparc AI · 4 months ago When GPS fails: this small cap is fixing a $54B drone problem Fair Value: CA$5.25 33.3 % undervalued 157 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 26 likes users have liked this narrative HA HarishPK on Amdocs · about 2 months ago Why Amdocs is a high conviction Buy for me? Fair Value: US$82.03 28.6 % undervalued 35 followers users have followed this narrative · 3 comments users have commented on this narrative · 12 likes users have liked this narrative IV Ivoed on SBM Offshore · about 1 month ago Why SBM Offshore’s €30 Share Price May Be Too Harsh On Its Backlog Fair Value: €44.5 27.2 % undervalued 18 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 5 likes users have liked this narrative CL Clive_Thompson on Green Tea Group · 12 days ago One of China's Fastest-Growing Restaurant Chains Trades on Just 7x Earnings and an 8% Dividend Fair Value: HK$8.7 23.9 % undervalued 47 followers users have followed this narrative · 3 comments users have commented on this narrative · 20 likes users have liked this narrative Recently Updated Narratives RO RockeTeller on Southern Silver Exploration · about 7 hours ago 302 Million Oz Silver Project in Mexico: Low Cost Underground Giant Ready to Explode Fair Value: CA$32.1 98.0 % undervalued 5 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 0 likes users have liked this narrative J_ J_Tyrader on Oscar Health · about 10 hours ago 7/8/26 — Oscar Health: Trading 95.4% below Fair Value with +2070.2% Upside Potential Fair Value: US$583.34 95.2 % undervalued 5 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 0 likes users have liked this narrative AN andre_santos on Procter & Gamble · about 14 hours ago Procter & Gamble - A Fundamental Valuation Fair Value: US$107.52 35.6 % overvalued 26 followers users have followed this narrative · 2 comments users have commented on this narrative · 0 likes users have liked this narrative Popular Narratives OS oscargarcia on NVIDIA · 2 months ago The company that went from selling GPUs to gamers to becoming the AI arms dealer of the 21st century. Fair Value: US$280 20.0 % undervalued 273 followers users have followed this narrative · 9 comments users have commented on this narrative · 16 likes users have liked this narrative CU CubanEros on Microsoft · about 1 month ago A wonderful business at reasonable price. Fair Value: US$419.91 19.1 % overvalued 141 followers users have followed this narrative · 0 comments users have commented on this narrative · 8 likes users have liked this narrative KI KiwiInvest on Amazon.com · 3 months ago Amazon's high growth, high tech segments propel its profits, while traditional segments plod along Fair Value: US$475.09 42.2 % undervalued 166 followers users have followed this narrative · 1 comment users have commented on this narrative · 8 likes users have liked this narrative Trending Discussion DA davexplorr on Amdocs · 3 days ago Thanks for the tip, this looks like a great conservative investment. 2 | 0 YA Yash_Upadhyaya on Reddit · 6 days ago Steve blamed "choppy" Google referral traffic for the miss on US daily active user (DAU) WHILST being in a standoff with Google on the AI licensing deal... hmm 🤔 One way or another a deal is happening. What's gonna be interesting is to see how good or bad (which the market is pricing in) would it be. PS - I don't own the stock but like the company. 1 | 0 AZ Aziz on VICI Properties · 6 days ago Yes I agree with your analysis and different methods you have used to determine fair value. At $26 it looks undervalued against my estimate of $30. 1 | 0 Level 5, 320 Pitt Street, Sydney Financial Data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC, analysis provided by Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd. Copyright © 2026 , S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC. All rights reserved. View Data Sources Markets US: NYSE & NASDAQ UK: FTSE Australia: ASX India: NIFTY Canada: TSX South Africa: JSE Investing Ideas Undervalued Companies Dividend Powerhouses Insider Buying Nuclear Energy Autonomous Vehicles Artificial Intelligence Features Portfolio Tracker Screener Investing Ideas Community Narratives Market Insights What's New Simply Wall St Plans About Us Our People Contact Us Careers Help Center Learn Stock Investing Affiliate Program Business & Enterprise Charlie AI Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd (ACN 600 056 611), is a Corporate Authorised Representative (Authorised Representative Number: 467183) of Sanlam Private Wealth Pty Ltd (AFSL No. 337927). Any advice contained in this website is general advice only and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should not rely on any advice and/or information contained in this website and before making any investment decision we recommend that you consider whether it is appropriate for your situation and seek appropriate financial, taxation and legal advice. Please read our Financial Services Guide before deciding whether to obtain financial services from us. © 2026 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, US Design Patent #29/544/281, Community and European Design Registration #2845206 Financial Services Guide Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy AI Terms