TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I Definitions SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 36 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 36 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; IFRS; Pro Forma Calculations 37 SECTION 1.05. Currency Translation 37 SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 38 SECTION 1.07. Divisions 38 SECTION 1.08. Blocking Regulations 38 ARTICLE II The Credits SECTION 2.01. Commitments 39 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 39 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 40 SECTION 2.04. Letters of Credit 41 SECTION 2.05. Funding of Borrowings 47 SECTION 2.06. Interest Elections 48 SECTION 2.07. Termination, Reduction, Extension and Increase of Commitments 49 SECTION 2.08. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 52 SECTION 2.09. Prepayment of Loans 53 SECTION 2.10. Fees 54 SECTION 2.11. Interest 55 SECTION 2.12. Alternate Rate of Interest 57 SECTION 2.13. Increased Costs 60 SECTION 2.14. Break Funding Payments 61 SECTION 2.15. Taxes 62 SECTION 2.16. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of 67 SECTION 2.17. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 69 SECTION 2.18. Foreign Borrower Costs 70 SECTION 2.19. Accession of Subsidiary Borrowers 71 SECTION 2.20. Defaulting Lenders 72 SECTION 2.21. Swingline Loans 75 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers 76 SECTION 3.02. Authorization; No Conflicts 77 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals 77 SECTION 3.04. Enforceability 77 SECTION 3.05. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 77 SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 77 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws 78 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 78 SECTION 3.09. Margin Regulations 78 SECTION 3.10. Disclosure 78 SECTION 3.11. Laws and Sanctions 78 SECTION 3.12. Compliance with Swiss Ten Rule and Swiss Twenty Non Bank Rule 79 ARTICLE IV Conditions SECTION 4.01. Restatement Effective Date 79 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 80 SECTION 4.03. Initial Credit Events for New Borrowers 81 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 81 SECTION 5.02. Preservation of Existence, Etc. 83 SECTION 5.03. Compliance with Laws 83 SECTION 5.04. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 83 SECTION 5.05. Laws and Sanctions 83 SECTION 5.06. Compliance with Swiss Ten Rule and Swiss Twenty Rule 84 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 84 SECTION 6.02. Liens; Guarantees 84 SECTION 6.03. Mergers, Etc. 84 SECTION 6.04. Leverage Ratio 85 ARTICLE VII Events of Default ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent SECTION 8.01. General 88 SECTION 8.02. Certain ERISA Matters 95 ii ARTICLE IX Guarantee ARTICLE X Miscellaneous SECTION 10.01. Notices 97 SECTION 10.02. Waivers; Amendments 99 SECTION 10.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability 100 SECTION 10.04. Successors and Assigns 102 SECTION 10.05. Survival 106 SECTION 10.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 107 SECTION 10.07. Severability 108 SECTION 10.08. Right of Setoff 108 SECTION 10.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 108 SECTION 10.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 110 SECTION 10.11. Headings 110 SECTION 10.12. Confidentiality; Information 110 SECTION 10.13. Certain Notices 111 SECTION 10.14. No Fiduciary Duty 111 SECTION 10.15. Conversion of Currencies 112 SECTION 10.16. Restricted Obligations Applicable to each Swiss Borrower 112 SECTION 10.17. Existing Credit Agreement 113 SECTION 10.18. Interest Rate Limitation 114 SECTION 10.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to of Affected Financial Institutions 114 SECTION 10.20. Subsidiary Guarantees 114 Schedules Schedule 2.01 Commitments Schedule 2.04A LC Commitments Schedule 2.04B Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 2.21 Swingline Commitments Exhibits Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrower Joinder Agreement Exhibit B-2 Form of Borrower Termination Agreement Exhibit C Form of Promissory Note Exhibit D Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit E Form of Maturity Date Extension Request iii Exhibit F-1 Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate for Lenders or Issuing Banks that are not Partnerships for US Federal Income Tax Purposes Exhibit F-2 Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate for Participants that are not Partnerships for US Federal Income Tax Purposes Exhibit F-3 Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate for Participants that are Partnerships for US Federal Income Tax Purposes Exhibit F-4 Form of US Tax Compliance Certificate for Lenders or Issuing Banks that are Partnerships for US Federal Income Tax Purposes iv AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of November 10, 2025 (as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this “ Agreement ”), among THOMSON REUTERS CORPORATION; the OTHER BORROWERS from time to time party hereto; the LENDERS from time to time party hereto; and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The Borrowers (such term and each other capitalized term used and not otherwise defined herein having the meaning assigned to it in Article I), the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 16, 2011, most recently amended and restated as of November 7, 2022 (as in effect immediately prior to its amendment and restatement pursuant hereto, the “ Existing Credit Agreement ”). The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders agree to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement to be in the form hereof. The Lenders are willing to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement to be in the form hereof and to extend credit to the Borrowers pursuant hereto, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I Definitions SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: “ ABR Borrowing ” means any Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans. “ ABR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. “ ABR Revolving Borrowing ” means any Revolving Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans. “ Accession Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(d). “ Acquisition ” means any acquisition of (a) Capital Stock in any Person if, after giving effect thereto, such Person will become a subsidiary of the Company or (b) assets comprising all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of) any Person. “ Administrative Agent ” means JPMorgan, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, or any successor appointed in accordance with Article VIII. Unless the context requires otherwise, the term “Administrative Agent” shall include any Affiliate of JPMorgan through which JPMorgan shall elect to perform any of its obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents. “ Administrative Questionnaire ” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form or forms supplied by the Administrative Agent to the Company or any Lender, as the context requires. “ Affected Financial Institution ” means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. “ Affiliate ” means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. “ Agreed Currencies ” means US Dollars, Euro and Sterling. “ Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the preamble. “ Aggregate Commitments ” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Commitments of all the Lenders in effect at such time. “ Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure ” means, at any time, the aggregate amount of (a) the sum of the US Dollar Equivalents of the Revolving Loans outstanding at such time, plus (b) the aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Loans outstanding at such time, plus (c) the total LC Exposure at such time. “ Alternate Base Rate ” means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 1 ⁄ 2 of 1.00% per annum and (c) the Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as published two US Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a US Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding US Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00% per annum. For purposes of clause (c) above, the Term SOFR for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology); provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest with respect to Term SOFR pursuant to Section 2.12 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement with respect to Term SOFR has been determined pursuant to Section 2.12(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Alternate Base Rate determined as set forth above would be less than 1.00% per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% per annum for purposes of this Agreement. “ AML Laws ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13. “ Ancillary Document ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(b). “ Laws ” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) and the Criminal Code (Canada), each as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and other similar laws in any other jurisdiction where the Company or any of its subsidiaries conduct business. 2 “ Applicable Funding Account ” means, as to each Borrower with respect to any Borrowing, the account that shall be specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and that shall have been approved by the Administrative Agent. “ Applicable Law ” means all applicable laws, statutes, treaties, rules, codes, ordinances, regulations, permits, certificates, orders, interpretations, licenses, and permits of any Governmental Authority and judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, orders or like action of any court, arbitrator or other judicial or tribunal (including, without limitation, those pertaining to health, safety, the environment or otherwise). “ Applicable Lending Office ” means (a) with respect to any Lender, the office(s) of such Lender (or any Affiliate of such Lender, if such Affiliate is a Swiss Qualifying Bank) specified as its “Lending Office” on Schedule 2.01 , (b) with respect to any Person that becomes a Lender after the Restatement Effective Date, the office(s) of such Lender specified in the Assignment and Assumption or the Accession Agreement executed by such Person or (c) such other office(s) of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such Lender, if such Affiliate is a Swiss Qualifying Bank) as such Lender may hereafter designate from time to time as its “Lending Office(s)” by prior notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent; provided that, other than following an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing, (i) such designation will not cause a Borrower to be subject to the payment of additional amounts with respect to withholding taxes pursuant to Section 2.11(i) or 2.15 and (ii) such Lender would be, to the same extent as prior to such designation, an Eligible Assignee if such Lender were an assignee. A Lender may designate different Lending Offices for Loans to Borrowers in different jurisdictions. “ Applicable Parties ” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01. “ Applicable Percentage ” means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender’s Commitment at such time; provided that, for purposes of Section 2.20 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, “Applicable Percentage” shall mean, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) represented by such Lender’s Commitment at such time; provided further that if all the Commitments have expired or been terminated, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined on the basis of the Aggregate Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender’s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. “ Applicable Rate ” means, for any day, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption “Facility Fee Rate”, “Term Benchmark/RFR Applicable Rate” or “ABR Applicable Rate”, as the case may be, based upon the Ratings by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch in effect on such day: Ratings (Moody’s/S&P/Fitch) Facility Fee Rate (% per annum) Term Benchmark/RFR Applicable Rate (% per annum) ABR Applicable Rate (% per annum) Category 1 A1/A+/A+ or higher 0.050 % 0.700 % 0.000 % Category 2 A2/A/A 0.070 % 0.805 % 0.000 % Category 3 A3/A-/A- 0.080 % 0.920 % 0.000 % Category 4 Baa1/BBB+/BBB+ 0.100 % 1.025 % 0.025 % 3 Ratings (Moody’s/S&P/Fitch) Facility Fee Rate (% per annum) Term Benchmark/RFR Applicable Rate (% per annum) ABR Applicable Rate (% per annum) Category 5 Baa2/BBB/BBB or below 0.125 % 1.125 % 0.125 % For purposes of the foregoing, (a) (i) if one of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch shall not have in effect a Rating (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), the applicable Category shall be determined by reference to the remaining two effective Ratings, (ii) if two of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch shall not have in effect a Rating (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), one of such rating agencies shall be deemed to have in effect a Rating in Category 5 and the applicable Category shall be determined by reference to such deemed Rating and the remaining effective Rating and (iii) if none of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch shall have in effect a Rating (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then Category 5 shall apply and (b) if the Ratings in effect or deemed to be in effect shall fall within different Categories, then (i) if each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch has in effect a Rating, then the applicable Category shall be the Category in which the highest of the Ratings shall fall unless all three of the Ratings are in different Categories, in which case the applicable Category shall be the Category corresponding to the middle Rating and (ii) if only two of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch has in effect (or deemed to be in effect) a Rating, then the applicable Category shall be the Category in which the higher of the Ratings shall fall unless the Ratings differ by two or more Categories, in which case the applicable Category shall be the Category one level below that corresponding to the higher Rating. If the Rating established by Moody’s, S&P or Fitch shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch), such change shall be effective as of the third Business Day following the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change may have been furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such Rating. If the rating system of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch, as applicable, shall change, or if any of the rating agencies shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of the Rating from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Rating from such rating agency most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. “ Applicable Time ” means, with respect to any payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Foreign Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. “ Approved Borrower Portal ” means any electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system. “ Approved Electronic Platform ” means IntraLinks ™ , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system. 4 “ Approved Fund ” means any Person (other than a natural person or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. “ Arrangers ” means JPMorgan, BMO Capital Markets, Citibank, N.A., RBC Capital Markets and TD Securities. “ Assignment and Assumption ” means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any Person whose consent is required by Section 10.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. “ Availability Period ” means the period from and including the Restatement Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of all the Commitments. “ Available Tenor ” means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is from the definition of “Interest Period” pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(iv). “ Action ” means the exercise of any and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. “ Legislation ” means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). “ Bankruptcy Event ” means, with respect to any Person, that such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority, provided further that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 5 “ Benchmark ” means, initially, with respect to any Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency, the Relevant Rate for Loans denominated in such currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.12(b). “ Benchmark Replacement ” means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, “Benchmark Replacement” shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (2) below: (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in US Dollars, the Daily Simple SOFR; or (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (ii) any evolving or market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. “ Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ” means, with respect to any replacement of the Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (b) any evolving or market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States. “ Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes ” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in US Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of “Alternate Base Rate”, the definition of “Business Day”, the definition of “Foreign Currency Overnight Rate”, the definition of “Interest Period”, the definition of “RFR Business Day”, the definition of “US Government Securities Business Day”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable 6 discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). “ Benchmark Replacement Date ” means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to such Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been, determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided that such will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the “Benchmark Replacement Date” will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). “ Benchmark Transition Event ” means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 7 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a “Benchmark Transition Event” will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). “ Benchmark Unavailability Period ” means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in accordance with Section 2.12. “ Beneficial Ownership Regulation ” means 31 C.F.R. § 1010.230. “ Benefit Plan ” means any employee benefit, health, welfare, pension, supplemental pension, deferred compensation, stock, share or other similar incentive compensation, retirement, benefit and benefit and incentive plans or arrangements, disability or any other employee benefit plan, program, arrangement, policy or practice whether written or oral, formal or informal, funded or unfunded, registered or unregistered, insured or that, in any of the foregoing cases, are applicable to present or former employees or directors or officers, and individuals working on contract with any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary and are currently maintained, administered or participated in by any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, or in respect of which any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary has any contribution obligation or other liability or contingent liability. 8 “ Borrower ” means (a) the Company, (b) Thomson Reuters Enterprise Centre GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, (c) Thomson Reuters Finance S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, and (d) each subsidiary of the Company that has become a Borrower as provided in Section 2.19, in each case under clauses (b), (c) and (d) above, other than any such Person that has ceased to be a Borrower as provided in Section 2.19. “ Borrower Communications ” means collectively, any Borrowing Request, any Interest Election Request, any notice of prepayment, any notice of termination or reduction of Commitments, any notice requesting the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or any other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal. “ Borrower DTTP Filing ” means an HM Revenue & Customs’ Form DTTP2, duly completed and filed by the relevant UK Borrower within: (a) where a Lender or Issuing Bank is party hereto at such time as the first UK Borrower becomes a Borrower hereunder, 30 days from the date such UK Borrower becomes a Borrower hereunder, and (b) where a Lender or Issuing Bank becomes party hereto after the date on which the first UK Borrower becomes a Borrower hereunder, 30 days from the date of the relevant Assignment and Assumption, Accession Agreement or Issuing Bank Agreement executed by such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, which contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence provided by the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank to such UK Borrower and the Administrative Agent. “ Borrower Joinder Agreement ” means a Borrower Joinder Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 . “ Borrower Termination Agreement ” means a Borrower Termination Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 . “ Borrowing ” means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type and currency and to the same Borrower made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect and (b) Swingline Loans made on the same date and to the same Borrower. “ Borrowing Minimum ” means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, US$1,000,000, (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Sterling, £1,000,000, (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euros, €1,000,000 and (d) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any Designated Currency, the smallest amount of such Designated Currency that is an integral multiple of 100,000 units of such currency and that has a US Dollar Equivalent in excess of US$1,000,000. “ Borrowing Multiple ” means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in US Dollars, US$100,000, (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Sterling, £100,000, (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Euros, €100,000 and (d) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any Designated Currency, 100,000 units of such Designated Currency. “ Borrowing Request ” means a request by a Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.21, which shall be in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Company. 9 “ Breaching Party ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(d). “ Business Day ” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that (a) when used in connection with any Term SOFR Loan and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any Loans referencing Term SOFR or any other dealings of any Loans referencing Term SOFR, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day that is not a US Government Securities Business Day, (b) when used in connection with a EURIBOR Loan or the calculation or computation of the EURIBOR, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day that is not a TARGET Day, (c) when used in connection with any RFR Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of any RFR Loan, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day that is not an RFR Business Day with respect to RFR Loans denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency, (d) when used in connection with any Loan to, or Letter of Credit issued for the account of, a Canadian Borrower, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in Toronto and (e) when used in connection with a Loan to, or Letter of Credit issued for the account of, any Borrower organized in a jurisdiction other than the United States of America, the United Kingdom or Canada, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in the jurisdiction of organization of such Borrower are authorized or required by law to remain closed. “ Canadian Borrower ” means the Company and any other Borrower that is incorporated or otherwise organized under the laws of Canada or any political subdivision thereof. “ Canadian Economic Sanctions and Export Control Laws ” means any Canadian laws, regulations or orders governing transactions in controlled goods or technologies or dealings with countries, entities, organizations or individuals subject to economic sanctions and similar measures. “ Canadian Pension Event ” means (a) the occurrence of a Termination Event with respect to a Canadian Pension Plan; (b) the failure by a Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary to make a required contribution to a Canadian Pension Plan, which results in a deemed trust or lien arising pursuant to the PBA against the assets of any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary; (c) the occurrence of any event or condition which might reasonably constitute grounds under the PBA for the appointment of a third party to administer a Canadian Pension Plan; (d) the failure to fund all Canadian Pension Plans as required by Applicable Law; (e) the failure to make on a timely basis all required contributions (including employee contributions made by authorized payroll deductions or other withholdings) required to the appropriate funding agency in accordance with all Applicable Laws and the terms of each Canadian Pension Plan of each Borrower and each Significant Subsidiary; (f) the violation of any provision of the terms of any Canadian Pension Plan or provisions of Applicable Laws; or (g) the merger of any Canadian Pension Plan with another pension plan or the transfer of assets and liabilities from or to any Canadian Pension Plan to any other Canadian or pension plan, other than in connection with the termination of employment of members of a Canadian Pension Plan in the ordinary course. “ Canadian Pension Plan ” means a Benefit Plan that is a “registered pension plan” as defined in the ITA, or any other pension, supplemental pension or retirement savings plan which is applicable to any Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary’s employees, former employees and retirees resident in Canada, whether or not registered. 10 “ Capital Stock ” means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, units, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) equity of such Person, including any preferred interest, any limited or general partnership interest, any beneficial interest in a trust and any limited liability company membership interest, but excluding (prior to the conversion thereof) any Debt that is convertible into any of the foregoing. “ Cash Collateralize ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(i). “ CBR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. “ CBR Spread ” means, with respect to any CBR Loan at any time, the Applicable Rate that would be applicable at such time to the Loan that was converted into such CBR Loan in accordance herewith. “ Central Bank Rate ” means the greater of (a) (i)(A) for any Loan denominated in Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (B) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England’s (or any successor thereto’s) “Bank Rate” as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (C) for any Loan denominated in any Designated Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, plus (ii) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (b) zero. “ Central Bank Rate Adjustment ” means, for any day, (a) for any Loan denominated in Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Daily Simple SONIA for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Daily Simple SONIA applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period and (c) for any Loan denominated in any Designated Currency, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (a)(ii) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR on any day shall be based on the EURIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Euro for a maturity of one month; provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 11 “ Change in Control ” means an event or series of events by which at any time (a) a “person” or “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, but excluding any employee benefit plan of the Company or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than the Woodbridge Group, becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Capital Stock of the Company having the power, directly or indirectly, to elect members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Company, or (b) any Borrower other than the Company ceases to be a subsidiary (directly or indirectly) of the Company, unless at such time such other Borrower has no Obligations outstanding and has ceased to be a Borrower as provided in Section 2.19. “ Change in Law ” means the occurrence, after the Restatement Effective Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, implementation, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, promulgated or issued. “ Charges ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.18. “ Claims ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(c). “ CME Term SOFR Administrator ” means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. “ Commitment ” means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.01 and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 or assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 10.04. The amount of each Lender’s Commitment as of the Restatement Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01 , and the amount of each Lender’s Commitment that becomes party hereto after the Restatement Effective Date is set forth in the Assignment and Assumption or the Accession Agreement pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed or provided its Commitment, as the case may be. The aggregate amount of the Commitments on the Restatement Effective Date is US$2,000,000,000. “ Commitment Increase ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(d). 12 “ Communications ” means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document which is distributed by or to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. “ Company ” means Thomson Reuters Corporation, an Ontario corporation, and its permitted successors and assigns hereunder. “ Compliance Certificate ” means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . “ Consenting Lender ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(e). “ consolidated ” means, when used with reference to any accounting term, the amount described by such accounting term, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS, after elimination of intercompany items. “ Consolidated EBITDA ” means, for any period, net earnings of the Company on a consolidated basis plus (i) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such net earnings, the sum of (A) income tax expense; (B) interest expense (including, to the extent accounted for as interest expense, interest relating to debt, pension and other benefit plans), amortization or of Debt discount and Debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts and other fees, costs and charges associated with Debt (including the Loans); (C) depreciation and amortization expense, including amortization of identifiable intangible assets; (D) all amounts attributable to net other operating expense, including, without limitation, net losses on disposals of businesses and investments, equity in losses of associates or affiliates and deal costs associated with acquisitions; (E) all amounts attributable to net other finance expense, including, without limitation, losses from the redemption of Debt, expense on intercompany loans and dividends relating to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and losses on derivative instruments; (F) any extraordinary, unusual or expenses, charges or losses (including restructuring charges and also including, whether or not includable as a separate item in the statement of net earnings for such period, losses on sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business); (G) with respect to any discontinued operation, any loss resulting therefrom; and (H) any other expense, charges or losses, including, without limitation, asset impairments, minus (ii) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such net earnings, the sum of any (A) income tax credits (to the extent not netted from income tax expense); (B) interest income; (C) all amounts attributable to net other operating income or gains, including, without limitation, net gains on disposals of businesses and investments and equity in gains or earnings of associates or affiliates; (D) all amounts attributable to net other finance income, including, without limitation, income on intercompany loans and dividends relating to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and income on derivative instruments; (E) extraordinary, unusual or income or gains (including, whether or not otherwise includable as a separate item in the statement of net earnings for such period, gains on the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business); (F) with respect to any discontinued operation, any gain resulting therefrom; and (G) any other income or gains, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS and in each case, exclusive of the cumulative effect of foreign currency gains or losses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period, if the Company or any of its consolidated subsidiaries has made any Material Acquisition, Material Disposition or Material Investment (each as defined below) during such period, Consolidated EBITDA for such period for testing compliance under Section 6.04 shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto, in 13 accordance with Section 1.04(b), as if such Material Acquisition, Material Disposition or Material Investment had occurred on the first day of such period. As used in this definition, (1) ” Material Acquisition ” means any Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions that involves consideration of US$500,000,000 or more; (2) ” Material Disposition ” means any sale, transfer, lease or other disposition or series of related sales, transfers, leases or other dispositions of property that (x) constitutes all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or all or substantially all of the assets of any subsidiary of the Company or involves assets comprising all or substantially all of the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (y) yields gross proceeds to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of US$500,000,000 or more; and (3) ” Material Investment ” means an investment of US$500,000,000 or more by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in any Person . “ Consolidated Tangible Assets ” means, as of any date, the amount of total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as set forth on the consolidated statement of financial position of the Company as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company most recently ended prior to such date for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the first such delivery, as of September 30, 2025), excluding therefrom any amounts attributable to Intangible Assets. “ Consolidated Total Debt ” means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate stated amount of all Debt (net of cash and cash equivalents) of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as set forth on the Company’s consolidated statement of financial position as of such date prepared in accordance with IFRS, with the total amount of all such Debt increased or reduced, as the case may be, by the effect of all net monetary payment obligations/receivables of the Company or its subsidiaries in respect of Hedge Agreements (measured as the Hedge Agreement Termination Value thereof) which are related to such Debt. “ Control ” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. “ Controlling ” and “ Controlled ” have meanings correlative thereto. “ Corresponding Tenor ” with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. “ Daily Simple SOFR ” means, for any day (a “ SOFR Interest Day ”), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day, a “ SOFR Determination Date ”) that is five RFR Business Days prior to (a) if such SOFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Interest Day or (b) if such SOFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Interest Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR. If by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the second US Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding US Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 14 “ Daily Simple SONIA ” means, for any day (a “ SONIA Interest Day ”), with respect to any Loan denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) zero. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in RFR. “ Debt ” means, as of any date and with respect to any Person, all amounts that are classified as indebtedness (or a term of a similar import) on the consolidated statement of financial position of such Person as of such date as determined in accordance with IFRS. “ Declining Lender ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(e). “ Default ” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that upon notice, lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default. “ Defaulting Lender ” means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days after the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in any Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan or (iii) pay over to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, (b) has notified any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender’s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any Loan Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank, such Swingline Lender or such Loan Party’s receipt of such certification in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or (e) has, or has a Parent that has, become the subject of a Action. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (e) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Loan Parties, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and each Lender. “ Designated Currency ” means any currency that (a) is freely transferable and convertible into US Dollars and (b) has been designated by the Administrative Agent as a Designated Currency at the request of the Company and with the consent of each Lender and the Administrative Agent. If the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall so elect, the designation of a currency as a Designated Currency may be limited to one or more of the Borrowers. “ Designated Issuing Banks ” means JPMorgan and at least one other Issuing Bank. 15 “ Designated Swingline Lenders ” means JPMorgan and at least one other Swingline Lender. “ Documentation Agents ” means the Persons identified as such on the cover page of this Agreement. “ EEA Financial Institution ” means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any Person established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution or firm described in clause (a) above or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution or firm described in clause (a) or (b) above and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. “ EEA Member Country ” means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. “ EEA Resolution Authority ” means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. “ Eikon ” means Eikon, a product of Refinitiv or its successors and assigns, or any replacement product thereof. “ Electronic Signature ” means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. “ Eligible Assignee ” means any Person, other than (a) a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person), (b) a Defaulting Lender or (c) the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its or their Affiliates. “ ERISA ” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated and rulings thereunder. “ ERISA Affiliate ” means any Person which for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of any Borrower’s controlled group, or under common control with the Company, within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. “ ERISA Event ” means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect thereto has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan, pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 404l(e) of ERISA); (c) the cessation of operations at a facility in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (d) the withdrawal by any Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan during a plan year for which it was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (e) the failure by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to make a payment to a Plan required under Section 302 of ERISA, which results in a lien pursuant to Section 303(k) of ERISA; (f) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan, pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition which might reasonably constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA 16 for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan by the PBGC; or (g) the insolvency within the meaning of Section 4205 of ERISA of a Multiemployer Plan in connection with which any Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate shall incur any liability. “ EU Legislation Schedule ” means the EU Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. “ EURIBO Screen Rate ” means a rate per annum equal to the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person which takes over the administration of such rate) for the applicable period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on the Eikon screen page that displays such rate (currently EURIBOR01) (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Eikon screen, on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion); provided that if the EURIBO Screen Rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes. “ EURIBOR ” means, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Euro for any Interest Period, the EURIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. “ EURIBOR Borrowing ” means any Borrowing comprised of EURIBOR Loans. “ EURIBOR Loan ” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the EURIBOR. “ Euro ” or “ € ” means the single currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty on European Union and as referred to in the European Monetary Union Legislation. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning set forth in Article VII. “ Exchange Rate ” means on any day, for purposes of determining the US Dollar Equivalent of any other currency, the rate at which such other currency may be exchanged into US Dollars at the time of determination on such day as last provided (either by publication or as may otherwise be provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Eikon source on the Business Day (determined based on New York City time) immediately preceding such day of determination (or, if a Eikon source ceases to be available or Eikon ceases to provide such rate of exchange, as last provided by such other publicly available information service that provides such rate of exchange at such time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or the definition of “US Dollar Equivalent”, each Issuing Bank may, solely for purposes of computing the fronting fees owed to it under Section 2.10(b), compute the US Dollar amounts of the LC Exposures attributable to Letters of Credit issued by it by reference to exchange rates determined using any reasonable method customarily employed by it for such purpose. “ Exchange Rate Date ” means (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any currency other than US Dollars, each of the following: (i) the date of the borrowing of such Loan and (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the date of the borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically 17 corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in any currency other than US Dollars, each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month thereafter and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof, and (c) each other date that the Administrative Agent shall designate as an “Exchange Rate Date” at any time when an Event of Default exists. “ Existing Credit Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statement hereto. “ Existing Letters of Credit ” means (a) those Letters of Credit (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) that are outstanding on the Restatement Effective Date and listed on Schedule 2.04B and (b) any other letter of credit that is issued by any Issuing Bank (or any Person that substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of such designation shall become an Issuing Bank as provided herein) for the account of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and, subject to the requirements set forth in Section 2.04 as to the maximum LC Exposure and currency and expiration of Letters of Credit, is designated as an “Existing Letter of Credit” by written notice thereof by the Company and such Issuing Bank (or such any other Person) to the Administrative Agent (which notice shall contain a representation and warranty by the Company as of the date thereof that the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and 4.02(b) shall be satisfied immediately after giving effect to such designation). “ Existing Maturity Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(e). “ Extension Closing Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(e). “ FATCA ” means (a) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Restatement Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantially comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any treaty, law or regulation of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America and any other jurisdiction, in each case which facilitates the implementation of the foregoing clause (a), and (c) any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. “ Federal Funds Effective Rate ” means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day’s federal funds transactions by depository institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB’s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes. “ Federal Reserve Board ” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. “ Financial Officer ” means, with respect to any Borrower, (a) the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, head of corporate finance, controller or assistant controller of such Borrower or (b) any other duly authorized officer of such Borrower that shall have been specified in a written notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent. “ Fitch ” means Fitch, Inc., or any successor to its rating agency business. 18 “ Floor ” means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the Restatement Effective Date, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Relevant Rate. “ Foreign Currency ” means any currency other than US Dollars. “ Foreign Currency Overnight Rate ” means, for any day, with respect to any currency, a rate per annum at which overnight deposits in such currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day in the principal interbank market for such currency, as such rate is determined by the Administrative Agent by such means as the Administrative Agent shall determine to be reasonable; provided that, if the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate as so determined would be less than zero, the Foreign Currency Overnight Rate will be deemed to be zero. “ Governmental Actions ” means all authorizations, consents, approvals, waivers, exceptions, variances, orders, licenses, exemptions, publications, filings, notices to and declarations of or with any Governmental Authority, other than routine reporting requirements the failure to comply with which will not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. “ Governmental Authority ” means any nation or government, any state, province, municipality, region or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government in any jurisdiction (including any body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). “ Guidelines ” means, together, guideline S-02.123 in relation to interbank loans of 22 September 1986 ( Merkblatt “Verrechnungssteuer auf Zinsen von Bankguthaben, deren Gläubiger Banken sind (Interbankguthaben)” vom 22. September 1986 ), guideline S-02.130.1 in relation to money market instruments and book claims of April 1999 ( Merkblatt vom April 1999 betreffend Geldmarktpapiere und Buchforderungen inländischer Schuldner ), circular letter no. 34 of 26 July 2011 (1.034-V-2011) in relation to deposits ( Kreisschreiben Nr. 34 “Kundenguthaben” vom 26. Juli 2011 ), circular letter no. 15 of 3 October 2017 (1-015- ) in relation to bonds and derivative financial instruments as subject matter of taxation of Swiss federal income tax, Swiss withholding tax and Swiss stamp taxes ( Kreisschreiben Nr. 15 “Obligationen und derivative Finanzinstrumente als Gegenstand der direkten Bundessteuer, der Verrechnungssteuer sowie der Stempelabgaben” vom 3. Oktober 2017 ), practice note 010- of 5 February 2019 published by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration regarding Swiss withholding tax in the Group ( vom 5. Februar 2019 - Verrechnungssteuer: Guthaben im Konzern ), circular letter No. 46 of 24 July 2019 (1-046- ) in relation to syndicated credit facilities ( Kreisschreiben Nr. 46 betreffend steuerliche Behandlung von Konsortialdarlehen, Schuldscheindarlehen, Wechseln und Unterbeteiligungen vom 24. Juli 2019 ), circular letter No. 47 of 25 July 2019 (1-047-V-2019) in relation to bonds ( Kreisschreiben Nr. 47 betreffend Obligationen vom 25. Juli 2019 ), in each case as issued, amended or replaced from time to time, by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration or as substituted or superseded and overruled by any law, statute, ordinance, court decision, regulation or the like as in force from time to time. “ Hedge Agreement Termination Value ” means, in respect of any one or more Hedge Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement and any collateral liabilities or assets relating to such Hedge Agreements, (a) for any date on or 19 after the date such Hedge Agreements have been closed out at termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedge Agreements (which may include any Lender or any Affiliate of such Lender). “ Hedge Agreements ” means any interest rate swap, commodity or equity swap, cap, floor or forward rate agreements or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar agreements designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values and any confirmations executed and any credit support provided in connection with any such agreements or arrangements. “ HMRC DT Treaty Passport Scheme ” means the Board of H.M. Revenue and Customs Double Taxation Treaty Passport scheme. “ IFRS ” means international financial reporting standards which are in effect from time to time. “ Increase Effective Date ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(d)(ii). “ Increasing Lender ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(d)(i). “ Indebtedness ” means, for any Person, without duplication, (a) all Debt of such Person, (b) all reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) in respect of outstanding letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and (c) all obligations of such Person under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect of, any Debt or obligations of others of the kinds referred to above. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, Capital Stock, including Capital Stock having a preferred interest, shall not constitute Indebtedness for purposes of this Agreement. “ Indemnitee ” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03(b). “ Index Debt ” means the Company’s senior, unsecured, Indebtedness for borrowed money. “ Intangible Assets ” means assets that are considered to be intangible assets under IFRS, including customer lists, goodwill, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises and licenses. “ Interest Election Request ” means a request by a Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.06, which shall be in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Company. “ Interest Payment Date ” means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the first Business Day following the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months’ duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months’ duration after 20 the first day of such Interest Period, (c) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid. “ Interest Period ” means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter, as the applicable Borrower may elect (in each case, subject to the availability of such Interest Period for the applicable Benchmark for any Agreed Currency); provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(iv) shall be available for specification in any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Revolving Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Revolving Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Revolving Borrowing. “ IRS ” means the United States Internal Revenue Service. “ ISP ” means the “International Standby Practices 1998” published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). “ Issuing Bank ” means each of (a) JPMorgan, (b) Bank of Montreal, (c) Citibank, N.A., (d) Royal Bank of Canada, (e) The Bank and (f) any other Lender that shall have become an Issuing Bank hereunder as provided in Section 2.04(j) (other than any such Person that shall have ceased to be an Issuing Bank as provided in Section 2.04(k)), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates or branches of such Issuing Bank (if such Affiliate or branch of such Issuing Bank is a Swiss Qualifying Bank), in which case the term “Issuing Bank” shall include any such Affiliate or branch with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate or branch (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall cause such Affiliate or branch to comply with the requirements of Section 2.04 with respect to such Letters of Credit); provided that the Borrowers shall not be responsible for payment of any additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.11(i), 2.15 or 2.18 as a result of any such Letter of Credit being issued by such Affiliate or branch instead of by such Issuing Bank. “ Issuing Bank Agreement ” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(j). “ ITA ” means the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended, and any successor thereto, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. “ JPMorgan ” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 21 “ LC Commitment ” means, with respect to any Issuing Bank, the maximum permitted amount of the LC Exposure that may be attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank’s LC Commitment is set forth 

[truncated]