Notice of AGM Trifast PLC 22 July 2025 22 July 2025 Trifast plc Availability of 2025 Annual Report and Accounts LONDON: Tuesday, 22 July 2025: The Company published its Annual results via RNS on 10 July 2025. The 2025 Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025 (Report), together with the related shareholder documents are now available to view at www.trifast.com . The Report, together with the 2025 Notice of Meeting (AGM) and Form of Proxy, was sent on Wednesday 16 July to all shareholders by either electronic means or posted to those who have elected to receive hard copies. In accordance with Listing Rule 9.6.1 a copy of each of these documents has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. The Annual General Meeting will be held at Peel Hunt, 100 Liverpool Street, London EC2M 2AT on Thursday 11 September 2025 at 12.00 noon. Shareholders will have the option to join the AGM in person or via the Investor Meet Company platform (IMC). Any questions relating to the 2025 Annual report or the AGM can be sent to: The Company Secretary, Trifast plc, National Distribution Centre, Reedswood Park Road, Walsall, WS2 8DQ, alternatively email: Companysecretariat@trifast.com , or submitted via the IMC platform. Trifast plc Christopher Morgan, Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: companysecretariat@trifast.com Editors' notes About Trifast In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.65 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and