BETA Close X Trifast plc has announced the immediate appointment of Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, (London Branch) and Singer Capital Markets as joint Corporate Brokers. This change in brokerage is effective immediately and signifies a new advisory relationship for the company. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 11 June 2026 11 June 2026 Trifast plc (the "Company") Change of Broker - Appointment of Joint Broker The Board of Trifast plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, (London Branch) ("Berenberg") and Singer Capital Markets ("Singer") as joint Corporate Brokers, with immediate effect. For and on behalf of Trifast plc Enquiries: Trifast plc Christopher Morgan Company Secretary companysecretariat@trifast.com Tel: +44 (0) 1825 769696 www.trifast.com Singer Capital Markets ( Joint Broker) Berenberg (Joint Broker) Sara Hale Harry Nicholas Graham Hertrich Ciaran Walsh Dan Ingram Christopher Whitaker Tel: +44 (0) 207 496 3000 Tel +44 (0) 203 207 7800 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 24 minutes ago Diageo 24 minutes ago Diageo 1 hour ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and