BETA Close X Trifast plc announced deferred share bonus awards to Executive Directors based on year-end 2025 performance, using a share price of £0.7772. Iain Percival (CEO) received 201,937 awards, while Kate Ferguson (CFO) received 128,088 awards (49,410 as Interim CFO and 78,678 as CFO). These awards are subject to a three-year vesting period, malus, and clawback provisions. No payment is associated with the grant or vesting of these awards. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 18 August 2025 18 August 2025 Trifast plc (the "Company") Notification of Share Awards The Company announces that, further to the terms set out in the Company's Remuneration Policy, the Remuneration Committee granted the following deferred share bonus awards to the Executive Directors in relation to YE25 performance, in the form of ordinary shares of 5p each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") under the terms of the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (as approved by shareholders at the Company's 2024 Annual General Meeting). The plan includes a three-year vesting period for these awards as well as malus and clawback provisions for the period until vesting. No payment will be made for the grant or vesting of these awards. Name Position Number of Deferred Share Awards 1 Iain Percival Chief Executive Officer 201,937 Kate Ferguson Chief Financial Officer 128,088 2 1 Calculated using a share price of £0.7772 being the average share price over the one-week period prior to the grant date. 2 Kate Ferguson was awarded 49,410 shares as Interim CFO (1 April-9 September 2024) & 78,678 shares as CFO (10 September 2024-31 March 2025) Enquiries: Trifast plc Christopher Morgan Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0) 1825 747629 www.trifast.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Bunzl 2 hours ago Diageo 2 hours ago Diageo 2 hours ago Alliance Witan 3 hours ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and