Trading update Trifast PLC 13 February 2025 TRIFAST PLC (Trifast, Group or Company) Trading update Thursday, 13 February 2025 Trifast (LSE: Main Market symbol: TRI) today provides the following statement for the third quarter ended 31 December 2024 (Period). Trading update The business is seeing positive change and demonstrating operational and financial resilience through strategy execution. We continue to effectively navigate the current global challenges and economic conditions by focusing on our key objectives of margin management, focused growth, organisational effectiveness, and operational efficiency, all of which are supporting improved returns despite the mixed demand backdrop. Overall, the Group's performance in the Period and for the financial year to date underpins the Board's optimism that expectations for full year performance remain unchanged. With our Recover , Rebuild and Resilience transformation roadmap delivering positive impact, the leadership team remains dedicated to executing its strategy and value proposition which is built around TR's core strengths of quality, service and technical engineering capabilities in selected markets and geographies where it can align both our customer expectations and deliver shareholder value. The Group's resilient performance reflects the underlying improvement in the business, and we remain confident in the delivery of our mid-term margin and returns ambitions. Trifast will provide an overview of the Company's performance in its year-end pre-close trading update scheduled to be released in late April 2025, ahead of the Company's annual results announcement in July 2025. Enquiries please contact: ​ Trifast plc Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer Kate Ferguson, Chief Financial Officer Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders : companysecretariat@trifast.com Peel Hunt LLP ( Stockbroker & financial adviser) Mike Bell Charlotte Sutcliffe Tel: +44 (0)20 7418 8900 TooleyStreet Communications ( IR & media relations) Fiona Tooley Tel : +44 (0)7785 703523 Email : fiona@tooleystreet.com Editors' notes About Trifast In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality industrial fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.70 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure, and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. For more information, visit: TRIFAST PLC TRI Stock | London Stock Exchange website: www.trifast.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago Ninety One 57 minutes ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and