Thomson Reuters Announces New US$600 Million Share Repurchase Program and US$605 Million Return of Capital and Share Consolidation Transactions Accessibility Statement Skip Navigation Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts Français --> Français my CNW Login Register Client Login Sign Up Send a Release News Products Contact Search Search When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. Searching for your content... No results found. Please change your search terms and try again. Advanced Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases All Public Company News Releases Overview Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia All Photos All Videos Multimedia Gallery Overview Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation All Automotive & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Supply Chain/Logistics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview View All Auto & Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Blockchain Broadcast Tech Computer & Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Financial Technology High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals Semiconductors Business Technology Overview View All Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Cryptocurrency Dividends Earnings Earnings Forecasts & Projections Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds Private Placement Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholder Activism Shareholder Meetings Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital Financial Services & Investing Overview View All Financial Services & Investing General Business All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News General Business Overview View All General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Cloud Computing/Internet of Things Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Cryptocurrency Data Analytics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Financial Technology Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media STEM (Science, Tech, Engineering, Math) Supply Chain/Logistics Wireless Communications Consumer Technology Overview View All Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas General Manufacturing Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Energy & Natural Resources Overview View All Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment All Environ­ment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Natural Disasters Environ­ment Overview View All Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building General Manufacturing HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machinery Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Telecomm­unications Overview View All Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cannabis Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Household Products Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Consumer Products & Retail Overview View All Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio & Podcast Television Entertain­ment & Media Overview View All Entertain­ment & Media Health All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries Dentistry FDA Approval Fitness/Wellness Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control International Medical Approval Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Health Overview View All Health Sports All Sports General Sports Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Sports Overview View All Sports Travel All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Outdoors, Camping & Hiking Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Travel Overview View All Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Canadian Federal Government Canadian Municipal Government Canadian Provincial Government Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Natural Disasters Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy Policy & Public Interest Overview View All Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Men's Interest People with Disabilities Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women People & Culture Overview View All People & Culture Advanced Search Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Worldwide Offices Hamburger menu Send a Release FR EN --> FR Phone 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET ALL CONTACT INFO Contact Cision 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR --> News in Focus Browse All News Multimedia Gallery Trending Topics Business Auto & Transportation Business Technology Entertain­ment & Media Financial Services & Investing General Business Science & Tech Consumer Technology Energy & Natural Resources Environ­ment Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Telecomm­unications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail Entertain­ment & Media Health Sports Travel Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest People & Culture People & Culture In-Language News --> Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content IR All Products Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Sign Up Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media Enquiries Worldwide Offices Send a Release Sign Up Resources Investor Relations Journalists Webcasts my CNW GDPR Thomson Reuters Announces New US$600 Million Share Repurchase Program and US$605 Million Return of Capital and Share Consolidation Transactions News provided by Thomson Reuters Feb 25, 2026, 07:00 ET Share this article Share to X Share this article Share to X Up to US$600 million of shares to be repurchased pursuant to amended normal course issuer bid US$605 million return of capital and share consolidation expected to be completed in May TORONTO , Feb. 25, 2026 /CNW/ -- Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI) today announced that it plans to repurchase up to US$600 million of its common shares under an amended normal course issuer bid (NCIB) that has been approved by the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and that it plans to return US$605 million to shareholders through a return of capital transaction. Amended Normal Course Issuer Bid Return of Capital and Share Consolidation Transactions - Using Illustrative Share Consolidation Ratio Shares will be repurchased for the new US$600 million repurchase program under an amended NCIB. The amended NCIB, which has been accepted by the TSX, will become effective on February 27, 2026. The amended NCIB will increase the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased by an additional 6 million. Under the amended NCIB, up to 16 million common shares (representing approximately 3.55% of the company's 450,687,724 issued and outstanding shares as of August 12, 2025) may be repurchased between August 19, 2025 (the Effective Date) and August 18, 2026. The NCIB, as originally approved in August 2025, contemplated the repurchase of up to 10 million common shares. To date under the current NCIB, Thomson Reuters has repurchased 6,022,437 common shares for a total cost of approximately US$1.0 billion, representing an average price of US$166.05 per share. Under the amended NCIB, shares may be repurchased on the TSX, the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems or by such other means as may be permitted by the TSX and/or the Nasdaq or under applicable law. Based on the average daily trading volume on the TSX of 364,105 for the six months preceding the Effective Date (net of repurchases made by TR during that time period), daily purchases are limited to 91,026 common shares, other than block purchase exceptions. Any shares that are repurchased will be cancelled. Prior to its next regularly scheduled quarterly blackout period, Thomson Reuters intends to enter into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) with its broker to allow for the purchase of shares under the NCIB during pre-determined times when the company would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to customary blackout periods or other regulatory restrictions. Purchases under the ASPP are made by the company's broker based upon parameters set by Thomson Reuters when it is not in possession of material non-public information relating to the company or the shares. The ASPP will be entered into in accordance with the requirements of the TSX and applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws, including Rule 10b5- 1 under the U.S. Exchange Act of 1934, and will terminate when the NCIB expires, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. All purchases made under the ASPP are included in computing the number of shares purchased under the NCIB. Outside of pre-determined blackout periods, shares may be purchased under the NCIB based on management's discretion, in compliance with TSX rules and applicable securities laws. Decisions regarding any future share repurchases will depend on certain factors, such as market conditions, share price and other opportunities to invest capital for growth. Thomson Reuters may elect to suspend or discontinue share repurchases at any time, in accordance with applicable laws. Return of Capital Thomson Reuters will return gross proceeds derived from the May 2024 sales of London Stock Exchange Group shares through a return of capital consisting of a special cash distribution of US$605 million in the aggregate, or approximately US$1.36 in cash per participating share (estimated based on the number of common shares issued and outstanding as of February 24, 2026 and assuming no shareholders opt-out of the return of capital transaction), followed by a share consolidation, or "reverse stock split", which will reduce the number of common shares on a basis that is proportional to the special cash distribution. To that end, the share consolidation ratio will be based on the volume weighed average trading price of the common shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC for the five trading days immediately prior to the transactions becoming effective. The proposed return of capital is intended to distribute cash on a basis that is generally expected to be tax-free for Canadian tax purposes. Taxable non-Canadian resident shareholders (which include taxable U.S. resident shareholders and others) will be able to opt out of the return of capital. This right to opt out is being provided to those shareholders because in jurisdictions other than Canada the tax consequences of not participating in the return of capital may be preferable to those associated with participating in the return of capital. A taxable non-Canadian resident shareholder that chooses to opt out will not receive the special cash distribution and will continue to hold the same number of Thomson Reuters shares that they currently hold. Taxable non-Canadian resident shareholders are strongly urged to read the management proxy circular and other related materials carefully and to consult with their financial, tax and legal advisors prior to making any decision with respect to the return of capital and share consolidation transactions. Shareholders will be asked to approve the proposed return of capital and share consolidation transactions at a special meeting of shareholders of Thomson Reuters to be held on Tuesday, April 28, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. (Toronto time). The proposed transactions require approval by at least two-thirds of the votes cast at the shareholder meeting. The board of directors of the company is unanimously recommending that shareholders vote in favor. Woodbridge has indicated that it plans to do so and, accordingly, it is expected that the shareholder vote will pass. The proposed transactions also require the approval of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List). If shareholder and court approval are obtained, Thomson Reuters expects to effect the proposed transactions in early May. Full details of the proposed return of capital and share consolidation transactions will be described in the company's management proxy circular and other related materials. Those documents are expected to be mailed or otherwise distributed to shareholders, filed with applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities and made available without charge on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and made available without charge on EDGAR at www.sec.gov , and posted on the company's website at tr.com, in mid-March. Thomson Reuters Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI) informs the way forward by bringing together the trusted content and technology that people and organizations need to make the right decisions. The company serves professionals across legal, tax, audit, accounting, compliance, government, and media. Its products combine highly specialized software and insights to empower professionals with the data, intelligence, and solutions needed to make informed decisions, and to help institutions in their pursuit of justice, truth and transparency. Reuters, part of Thomson Reuters, is a world leading provider of trusted journalism and news. For more information, visit tr.com. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this news release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Canadian and U.S. securities laws, including statements relating to the company's plans to repurchase up to US$600 million of its common shares; the timing for the approval and implementation of the return of capital and share consolidation transactions, and the filing of materials related thereto; and the anticipated tax treatment for shareholders participating in the return of capital and share consolidation transactions and those opting out of the return of capital. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and reflect our company's current expectations. As a result, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations, including other factors discussed in materials that Thomson Reuters from time to time files with, or furnishes to, the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There is no assurance that the return of capital and share consolidation transactions will be completed or that other events described in any forward-looking statement will materialize. Except as may be required by applicable law, Thomson Reuters disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. CONTACTS MEDIA Samina Ansari Director, Corporate Affairs +1 447788529542 [email protected] INVESTORS Gary Bisbee, CFA Head of Investor Relations +1 646 540 3249 [email protected] SOURCE Thomson Reuters Shares will be repurchased for the new US$600 million repurchase program under an amended NCIB. The amended NCIB, which has been accepted by the TSX, will become effective on February 27, 2026. The amended NCIB will increase the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased by an additional 6 million. Under the amended NCIB, up to 16 million common shares (representing approximately 3.55% of the company's 450,687,724 issued and outstanding shares as of August 12, 2025) may be repurchased between August 19, 2025 (the Effective Date) and August 18, 2026. The NCIB, as originally approved in August 2025, contemplated the repurchase of up to 10 million common shares. To date under the current NCIB, Thomson Reuters has repurchased 6,022,437 common shares for a total cost of approximately US$1.0 billion, representing an average price of US$166.05 per share. Under the amended NCIB, shares may be repurchased on the TSX, the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems or by such other means as may be permitted by the TSX and/or the Nasdaq or under applicable law. Based on the average daily trading volume on the TSX of 364,105 for the six months preceding the Effective Date (net of repurchases made by TR during that time period), daily purchases are limited to 91,026 common shares, other than block purchase exceptions. Any shares that are repurchased will be cancelled. Prior to its next regularly scheduled quarterly blackout period, Thomson Reuters intends to enter into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) with its broker to allow for the purchase of shares under the NCIB during pre-determined times when the company would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to customary blackout periods or other regulatory restrictions. Purchases under the ASPP are made by the company's broker based upon parameters set by Thomson Reuters when it is not in possession of material non-public information relating to the company or the shares. The ASPP will be entered into in accordance with the requirements of the TSX and applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws, including Rule 10b5- 1 under the U.S. Exchange Act of 1934, and will terminate when the NCIB expires, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. All purchases made under the ASPP are included in computing the number of shares purchased under the NCIB. Outside of pre-determined blackout periods, shares may be purchased under the NCIB based on management's discretion, in compliance with TSX rules and applicable securities laws. Decisions regarding any future share repurchases will depend on certain factors, such as market conditions, share price and other opportunities to invest capital for growth. Thomson Reuters may elect to suspend or discontinue share repurchases at any time, in accordance with applicable laws. Return of Capital Thomson Reuters will return gross proceeds derived from the May 2024 sales of London Stock Exchange Group shares through a return of capital consisting of a special cash distribution of US$605 million in the aggregate, or approximately US$1.36 in cash per participating share (estimated based on the number of common shares issued and outstanding as of February 24, 2026 and assuming no shareholders opt-out of the return of capital transaction), followed by a share consolidation, or "reverse stock split", which will reduce the number of common shares on a basis that is proportional to the special cash distribution. To that end, the share consolidation ratio will be based on the volume weighed average trading price of the common shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC for the five trading days immediately prior to the transactions becoming effective. The proposed return of capital is intended to distribute cash on a basis that is generally expected to be tax-free for Canadian tax purposes. Taxable non-Canadian resident shareholders (which include taxable U.S. resident shareholders and others) will be able to opt out of the return of capital. This right to opt out is being provided to those shareholders because in jurisdictions other than Canada the tax consequences of not participating in the return of capital may be preferable to those associated with participating in the return of capital. A taxable non-Canadian resident shareholder that chooses to opt out will not receive the special cash distribution and will continue to hold the same number of Thomson Reuters shares that they currently hold. Taxable non-Canadian resident shareholders are strongly urged to read the management proxy circular and other related materials carefully and to consult with their financial, tax and legal advisors prior to making any decision with respect to the return of capital and share consolidation transactions. Shareholders will be asked to approve the proposed return of capital and share consolidation transactions at a special meeting of shareholders of Thomson Reuters to be held on Tuesday, April 28, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. (Toronto time). The proposed transactions require approval by at least two-thirds of the votes cast at the shareholder meeting. The board of directors of the company is unanimously recommending that shareholders vote in favor. Woodbridge has indicated that it plans to do so and, accordingly, it is expected that the shareholder vote will pass. The proposed transactions also require the approval of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List). If shareholder and court approval are obtained, Thomson Reuters expects to effect the proposed transactions in early May. Full details of the proposed return of capital and share consolidation transactions will be described in the company's management proxy circular and other related materials. Those documents are expected to be mailed or otherwise distributed to shareholders, filed with applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities and made available without charge on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and made available without charge on EDGAR at www.sec.gov , and posted on the company's website at tr.com, in mid-March. Thomson Reuters Thomson Reuters (TSX/Nasdaq: TRI) informs the way forward by bringing together the trusted content and technology that people and organizations need to make the right decisions. The company serves professionals across legal, tax, audit, accounting, compliance, government, and media. Its products combine highly specialized software and insights to empower professionals with the data, intelligence, and solutions needed to make informed decisions, and to help institutions in their pursuit of justice, truth and transparency. Reuters, part of Thomson Reuters, is a world leading provider of trusted journalism and news. For more information, visit tr.com. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this news release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Canadian and U.S. securities laws, including statements relating to the company's plans to repurchase up to US$600 million of its common shares; the timing for the approval and implementation of the return of capital and share consolidation transactions, and the filing of materials related thereto; and the anticipated tax treatment for shareholders participating in the return of capital and share consolidation transactions and those opting out of the return of capital. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and reflect our company's current expectations. As a result, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations, including other factors discussed in materials that Thomson Reuters from time to time files with, or furnishes to, the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There is no assurance that the return of capital and share consolidation transactions will be completed or that other events described in any forward-looking statement will materialize. Except as may be required by applicable law, Thomson Reuters disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. CONTACTS MEDIA Samina Ansari Director, Corporate Affairs +1 447788529542 samina.ansari@tr.com INVESTORS Gary Bisbee, CFA Head of Investor Relations +1 646 540 3249 gary.bisbee@tr.com SOURCE Thomson Reuters --> × Modal title Organization Profile Thomson Reuters Also from this source Thomson Reuters Leverages its World-Class Data Assets to Launch Its Own Frontier Model Thomson Reuters Launches Next Generation of CoCounsel Legal, the AI Ecosystem Built for Legal Professionals Thomson Reuters Reports Second-Quarter 2026 Results --> Contact Cision 866-245-2317 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us Become a Client Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships General Enquiries Media --> Products Explore Our Platform Plan Campaigns Create with AI Distribute Press Releases Report Results Amplify Content Investor Relations About About PR Newswire About Cision Careers Global Sites APAC APAC - Simplified Chinese APAC - Traditional Chinese Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Indonesia Israel Japan Korea Mexico Middle East Middle East - Arabic Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States Vietnam My Services All News Releases " href="https://app.prnewswire.com/login/auto" target="_blank">Platform Login Privacy Policy Do not sell or share my personal information: Submit via [email protected] Call Privacy toll-free: 877-297-8921 Contact Cision Products About My Services All News Releases Platform Next Gen Communications Cloud Cision Communications Cloud my CNW 877-269-7890 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Information Security Policy Site Map Cookie Settings Accessibility Statement Copyright © 2026 CNW Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. --> -->