BETA Close X Trifast PLC reported that revenues for the first half of FY26 decreased by approximately 6.4% year-on-year due to softer demand and tariff disruption. However, the underlying gross margin improved by around 144 basis points to 28.8%, and the underlying EBIT margin improved to 6.3%. Excluding exchange movements, the underlying EBIT margin improved to 7.1%. Pre-IFRS 16 net debt increased modestly to £17.4m, up from £15.4 million, due to planned investments in digital and technology projects. The company maintains strong liquidity, with over £78.0m undrawn from its £120.0m banking facilities. The Board's full-year expectations remain unchanged, and they are focused on working capital improvements and margin enhancement, aiming for an underlying EBIT margin of over 10% in the medium term. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 21 October 2025 21 October 2025 Trifast plc Trading update for the six months ended 30 September 2025 and Notice of Half-year results Trifast plc ('Trifast' or the 'Group' or 'Company', LSE: TRI.L), the international specialist in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings, is today providing a trading update for the six months ended 30 September 2025 ('H1 FY26' or the 'period') ahead of the publication of its half-year results on 18 November 2025. Trading update The Group's overall performance in the first half of FY26 has been in line with the Board's expectations, with continued benefits from operational improvement initiatives creating resilience amidst a challenging market backdrop. Revenues in the period declined by approximately 6.4% year-on-year 1 , driven primarily by softer demand caused by tariff disruption, with unprecedented challenges in the UK Automotive sector, partially offset by growth in Smart Infrastructure, especially in North America. Encouragingly, underlying gross margin improved by around 144 basis points to 28.8%, with margin management being the most significant contributor and underlying EBIT margin improved from 6.0% in H1 FY25 to 6.3% (CER). Excluding the impact of exchange movements, which were unusually high because of the weakening of the USD, the underlying EBIT margin improved from 6.5% in H1 FY25 to 7.1%. We continue to benefit from our self-help actions and consequent cost savings, including a 10% reduction in non-operating headcount and ongoing benefits from the successful consolidation of our UK operations into the National Distribution Centre in the West Midlands. Our financial position remains robust. Pre-IFRS 16 net debt increased modestly to £17.4m at 30 September 2025 (H1 FY25: £15.4 million) as a result of planned additional investment in digital and technology strategic projects. Liquidity remains strong, with over £78.0m of our £120.0m banking facilities undrawn, and covenant leverage remaining below 1.0x (H1 FY25: 0.95x). Outlook The Board's current full year expectations remain unchanged despite external market challenges 2 . Our strategic focus continues to be on the self-help levers within our control, particularly those driving working capital improvements and margin enhancement. Looking ahead, we remain confident in delivering our medium-term targets, including achieving an underlying EBIT margin of greater than 10%. This confidence is underpinned by the substantial groundwork already completed to make Trifast a more efficient, professional, and data-led organisation. Notice of Half-year results The Group's Half-year report for the period ended 30 September 2025 is scheduled to be published on Tuesday, 18 November 2025 via the Regulatory News Service (RNS). The report will also be available on the Group website at www.trifast.com . An in-person and virtual presentation for analysts and investors will be held at 10:30 GMT at the offices of Peel Hunt. Please contact companysecretariat@trifast.com for details. The presentation and subsequent Q&A session will be webcast via BRR Media. To register, please follow this link: https://stream.brrmedia.co.uk/broadcast/68ee263d1c6d3400130c866b . A replay will be made available on the Trifast plc website. The Company will also be presenting the HY26 results via the Investor Meet Company platform on 20 November at 14:30 GMT. To register for the event, please follow this link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/trifast-plc/register-investor Notes: 1 Unless stated otherwise, amounts and comparisons with the prior period are calculated at constant currency (Constant Exchange Rate (CER)). Where reference is made to 'underlying' this is defined as being before separately disclosed items. .2 Consensus forecasts for FY26 prior to this announcement were revenue of £214.0m, underlying EBIT of £16.1m, and underlying PBT of £11.6m. Further enquiries please contact: Trifast plc Iain Percival, CEO Kate Ferguson, CFO Christopher Morgan, Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: Companysecretariat@trifast.com Peel Hunt LLP (Stockbroker & financial adviser) Mike Bell /Charlotte Sutcliffe Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Editor's notes About Trifast plc In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.65 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. For more information, visit: TRIFAST PLC TRI Stock | London Stock Exchange website: www.trifast.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/tr-fastenings X: www.x.com/trfastenings Facebook: www.facebook.com/trfastenings Note : Trifast, TR and TR Fastenings are registered trademarks of the Company. LEI number: 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago Ninety One 58 minutes ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and