consolidated income statement. In addition, $8 million of transaction costs were reflected as a reduction in the carrying value of “ indebtedness” within the consolidated statement of financial position. Cash payments for costs and fees of the exchange are reported in “Other financing activities” within the consolidated statement of cash flow. Page 52 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents In March 2025, in connection with the above debt exchange, we filed a new base shelf prospectus pursuant to which TRC and TR Finance may issue unsecured debt securities in an aggregate amount of up to $3.0 billion from time to time through April 2027. Any debt securities issued by TR Finance will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis by TRC and the three U.S. subsidiary guarantors described above, which are also indirect 100%-owned and consolidated subsidiaries of TRC. Any debt securities issued by TRC will also be guaranteed by the three U.S. subsidiary guarantors on the same basis as the TR Finance debt securities described above. Except for TR Finance and the subsidiary guarantors, none of TRC’s other subsidiaries have guaranteed or would otherwise become obligated with respect to any issued TR Finance or TRC debt securities. Neither TRC nor TR Finance has issued any debt securities under the prospectus. Please refer to Appendix H of this management’s discussion and analysis for condensed consolidating financial information of the Company, including TR Finance and the subsidiary guarantors. • interest rate swaps . In 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps totaling $410 million in notional amount. Under these arrangements, we receive a fixed rate of interest and pay a floating rate based on SOFR plus a spread. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges for a portion of each of our $119 million principal amount of 4.50% notes due May 2043 ($80 million hedged) and $350 million principal amount of 5.65% notes due November 2043 ($330 million hedged), covering the remaining term to debt maturity. The swaps were entered into as part of our strategy to manage interest rate risk. In addition, we have credit support agreements with our counterparties under which one party may call on the other party to post cash collateral when the market value of the swaps exceeds specific thresholds, thus limiting credit exposure. We posted $7 million of cash collateral as of December 31, 2025, for the interest rate swaps, which was reflected as a financing activity in the consolidated statement of cash flow. • Credit ratings. Our access to financing depends on, among other things, suitable market conditions and the maintenance of suitable credit ratings. Our credit ratings may be adversely affected by various factors, including increased debt levels, decreased earnings, declines in customer demand, increased competition, a deterioration in general economic and business conditions and adverse publicity. Downgrades in our credit ratings may impede our access to the debt markets or result in higher borrowing rates. In November 2025, Moody's changed our outlook from stable to positive. Additionally, in September 2025, Fitch upgraded our debt to a rating of A- from a rating of BBB+ and, in May 2025, S&P Global Ratings upgraded our debt to a rating of A- from a rating of BBB+. The following table sets forth the credit ratings from rating agencies in respect of TRC and TR Finance's outstanding securities as of the date of this management’s discussion and analysis: Moody's S&P Global Ratings Fitch debt Baa1 A- A- Commercial paper P-2 A-2 F1 Trend/Outlook Positive Stable Stable These credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell securities and do not address the market price or suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. Credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities. We cannot ensure that our credit ratings will not be lowered in the future or that rating agencies will not issue adverse commentaries regarding our securities. • Dividends. Dividends on our common shares are declared in U.S. dollars. In February 2025, we announced a 10% or $0.22 per share increase in the annualized dividend rate to $2.38 per common share (beginning with the common share dividend that we paid in March 2025). In our consolidated statement of cash flow, dividends paid on common shares are shown net of amounts reinvested in our company under our dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP). Registered holders of common shares may participate in our DRIP, under which cash dividends are automatically reinvested in new common shares. Common shares are valued at the price at which the shares traded on the TSX during the five trading days immediately preceding the record date for the dividend. Details of dividends declared per common share and dividends paid on common shares are as follows: Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 Dividends declared per common share $2.38 $2.16 $— Dividends declared 1,069 973 Dividends reinvested (34) (29) Dividends paid 1,035 944 2,070 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 53 Table of Contents In February 2026, we announced a 10% or $0.24 per share increase in the annualized dividend rate to $2.62 per common share (beginning with the common share dividend that we plan to pay in March 2026). See the “Subsequent Events” section of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information. • Share repurchases - NCIB. We buy back shares (and subsequently cancel them) from time to time as part of our capital strategy. Share repurchases are typically executed under a NCIB program, which is approved by the TSX. The NCIB program, as amended in February 2026, allows us to repurchase up to 16 million common shares between August 19, 2025 and August 18, 2026. In February 2026, we announced our plan to repurchase up to $600 million of our common shares. See Subsequent Events" section of this management's discussion and analysis for further details of the above transactions. In August 2025, we announced our intention to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our common shares. We completed this program in late October 2025, purchasing 6.0 million common shares. Prior to the 2025 share repurchase program, we also completed a $1.0 billion share repurchase program between November 2023 and May 2024 which resulted in the repurchase of 6.7 million common shares, including 4.1 million common shares repurchased in 2024. We may repurchase common shares in open market transactions on the TSX, Nasdaq and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems, if eligible, or by such other means as may be permitted by the TSX and/or Nasdaq or under applicable law, including private agreement purchases or share purchase program agreement purchases if we receive, if applicable, an issuer bid exemption order in the future from applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada for such purchases. The price that we will pay for common shares in open market transactions will be the market price at the time of purchase or such other price as may be permitted by the TSX. Details of share repurchases are as follows: Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Share repurchases (millions of U.S. dollars) 1,000 639 Shares repurchased (number in millions) 6.0 4.1 Share repurchases – average price per share $166.05 $156.92 Decisions regarding any future repurchases will depend on certain factors, such as market conditions, share price and other opportunities to invest capital for growth. We may elect to suspend or discontinue share repurchases at any time, in accordance with applicable laws. From time to time when we do not possess material nonpublic information about ourselves or our securities, we may enter into a plan with our broker to allow for the repurchase of shares at times when we ordinarily would not be active in the market due to our own internal trading blackout periods, insider trading rules or otherwise. Any such plans entered into with our broker will be adopted in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws and the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Financial Position Our net assets, defined as total assets less total liabilities were $11.9 billion, largely unchanged from $12.0 billion as of December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2025, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by $1.2 billion primarily because our current liabilities included $1.3 billion of deferred revenue. We also had $0.8 billion of current indebtedness. Deferred revenue arises from the sale of subscription-based products and services that many customers pay for in advance. The cash received from these advance payments is used to currently fund the operating, investing and financing activities of our business. However, for accounting purposes, these advance payments must be deferred and recognized over the term of the subscription. As such, we may reflect a negative working capital position in our consolidated statement of financial position. In the ordinary course of business, deferred revenue does not represent a cash obligation, but rather an obligation to perform services or deliver products, and therefore when we are in that situation, we do not believe it is indicative of a liquidity issue, but rather an outcome of the required accounting for our business model. With respect to current indebtedness, $0.5 billion relates to term debt, which is due in May 2026, and $0.3 billion relates to outstanding commercial paper. We believe we can refinance these amounts at any time, given our credit facility and access to debt markets, both of which are supported by our strong investment grade credit ratings. Additionally, our principal sources of liquidity, which are cash and cash equivalents and cash provided by operating activities, could be used to repay a portion of the amounts outstanding. Page 54 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Net debt and leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 Net debt (1) 1,896 1,156 Leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA: Adjusted EBITDA (1) 2,936 2,779 Net debt/adjusted EBITDA (1) 0.6:1 0.4:1 (1) Represent financial measures. Refer to Appendices A and B of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information and reconciliations of our financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures. For additional information about our liquidity, we provide our leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Our leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA was below our target leverage ratio of 2.5:1. Net debt increased due to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents (refer to the “Cash Flow” section of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information). As of December 31, 2025, our total debt position (excluding the associated unamortized transaction costs and premiums or discounts) was $2.2 billion. The maturity dates for our term debt are well balanced with no significant concentration in any one year. As of December 31, 2025, the average maturity of our term debt was approximately 10 years at a interest rate of slightly over 5%, including the impact of interest rate swaps. Our next scheduled debt repayment is in May 2026, when our $500 million 3.35% notes are due to mature. The following table illustrates our expected term debt maturities as of December 31, 2025. Financial Risk Management Our global operations expose us to a variety of financial risks including market risk (primarily currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The section entitled “Financial Risk Management” in note 20 of our 2025 annual consolidated financial statements provides a discussion of the material financial risks we believe we are exposed to and our approach to mitigating the potential adverse effects on our financial performance. Under the oversight of our Chief Financial Officer, our centralized corporate treasury group is responsible for our financial risk management strategy and execution and operates under strict guidelines and internal control processes. We strive to minimize the potential adverse economic effects associated with financial risks on our financial performance and to ensure we have sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, reinvest in our business, pay dividends and service our debt obligations. We mitigate the risk of loss on the trade accounts receivable balances we have with our customers through active monitoring and credit policies, including aging analyses, automated dunning, and cancellation of services. Additionally, we have a broad and diversified customer base with no significant exposure to any single customer. We also monitor the financial strength of financial institutions with which we have banking and other commercial relationships, including those that hold our cash and cash equivalents, and those which are counterparties to derivative financial instruments and other arrangements. Approximately 46% of our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2025 were held by subsidiaries outside the U.S. We have historically accessed such funds in a tax efficient manner to meet our liquidity requirements and due to our legal entity structure, we continue to expect to have access. Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 55 Table of Contents Most of our business is conducted in U.S. dollars. However, 19% of our 2025 revenues and 39% of our 2025 operating expenses were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the most significant of which is the British pound sterling with the balance spread over several currencies, including the Canadian dollar, the Euro, the Brazilian real and the Indian rupee. Changes in foreign exchange rates typically impact the growth in our expenses more than our revenues, because a higher percentage of our expenses are denominated in foreign currency. In 2025, foreign currency was not a significant factor on the total change in our revenues or operating expenses. The following charts outline the currency profile of our revenues and operating expenses included in our calculation of adjusted EBITDA for 2025: Revenues Operating Expenses Of f-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and sheet commitments: (millions of U.S. dollars) 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Total Commercial paper 295 - - - - - 295 Notes/debentures (1) 500 - - - - 1,369 1,869 Interest payable (1) 84 76 76 76 76 715 1,103 hedges outflows (2) 25 20 20 21 22 325 433 hedges inflows (1) (26) (22) (22) (22) (22) (288) (402) Lease obligations (3) 71 61 45 37 33 132 379 Unconditional purchase obligations 524 456 365 321 296 - 1,962 Defined benefit obligations 33 - - - - - 33 Total 1,506 591 484 433 405 2,253 5,672 (1) Represents contractual cash flows. (2) Represents contractual cash flows calculated using observable forward curves as of December 31, 2025. (3) Includes leases with a term of 12 months or less, certain assets and lease commitments that have not commenced, all of which are not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position. We provide further information about certain of our obligations below: • Subsidiary guarantees – For certain property leases, banking arrangements and commercial contracts, we guarantee the obligations of some of our subsidiaries. We also guarantee borrowings by our subsidiaries under our credit facility agreement. • Guarantees - See the “Contingencies” section below for information on guarantees and other credit support provided by our company to 3 Times Square Associates LLC (3XSQ Associates) in connection with a loan facility. • Unconditional purchase obligations – We have various obligations for technology, outsourcing and other services contracted in the ordinary course of business. In the table above, certain commitments have been estimated over the contractual period. Page 56 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents • Defined benefit obligations – We sponsor defined benefit plans that provide pension and other benefits to covered employees. As of December 31, 2025, the fair value of plan assets for our material funded pension plans was 94% of the plan obligations. In 2025, we contributed $32 million to our material defined benefit plans. In 2026, we expect to contribute approximately $33 million to our material defined benefit plans, of which $7 million will be in accordance with the normal funding policy of funded plans and $26 million will be for claims expected to arise under unfunded and retiree medical plans. The amount and timing of any future required contributions to pension plans could differ significantly from our estimates as of December 31, 2025. We cannot estimate contributions beyond 2026 because they depend on future economic conditions, plan performance and potential future government legislation. For certain plans, the trustees have the right to call for special valuations, which could subsequently result in us having to make an unexpected contribution. Additionally, from time to time, we may elect to make voluntary contributions to improve the funded status of the plans. • Disposition contingencies – In certain disposition agreements, including as described in the “Uncertain Tax Positions” section below, we guarantee indemnification obligations of our subsidiary that sold the business or assets. We believe that based upon current facts and circumstances, additional payments in connection with these transactions would not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition taken as a whole. Other than as described above, we do not engage in sheet financing arrangements and we do not have any interests in unconsolidated or structured finance entities. C ontingencies Lawsuits and Legal Claims We are engaged in various legal proceedings, claims, audits and investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. These matters include, but are not limited to, employment matters, commercial matters, privacy and data protection matters, defamation matters and intellectual property infringement matters. The outcome of all the matters against us is subject to future resolution, including uncertainties of litigation. Litigation outcomes are difficult to predict with certainty due to various factors, including but not limited to: the preliminary nature of some claims; uncertain damage theories and demands; an incomplete factual record; uncertainty concerning legal theories and procedures and their resolution by the courts, at both trial and appellate levels; and the unpredictable nature of opposing parties. Based on information currently known to us and after consultation with outside legal counsel, management believes that the ultimate resolution of any such matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition taken as a whole. Uncertain Tax Positions We are subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and we are routinely under audit by many different taxing authorities in the ordinary course of business. There are many transactions and calculations during the course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain, as taxing authorities may challenge some of our positions and propose adjustments or changes to our tax filings. As a result, we maintain provisions for uncertain tax positions that we believe appropriately reflect our risk. These provisions are made using our best estimates of the amount expected to be paid based on a qualitative assessment of all relevant factors. When appropriate, we perform an expected value calculation to determine our provisions. We review the adequacy of these provisions at the end of each reporting period and adjust them based on changing facts and circumstances. Due to the uncertainty associated with tax audits, it is possible that at some future date, liabilities resulting from such audits or related litigation could vary significantly from our provisions. However, based on currently enacted legislation, information currently known to us and after consultation with outside tax advisors, management believes that the ultimate resolution of any such matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition taken as a whole. Prior to December 31, 2023, we paid $430 million of tax as required under notices of assessment issued by the U.K. tax authority, HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC), under the Diverted Profits Tax (DPT) regime that collectively related to the 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018 taxation years of certain of our current and former U.K. affiliates. We do not believe these current and former U.K. affiliates fall within the scope of the DPT regime. Because we believe our position is supported by the weight of law, we intend to vigorously defend our position and will continue contesting these assessments through all available administrative and judicial remedies. As the assessments largely relate to businesses that we have sold, the majority are subject to indemnity arrangements under which we have been required to pay additional taxes to HMRC or the indemnity counterparty. We do not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition taken as a whole. Payments made by us are not a reflection of our view on the merits of the case. As we expect to receive refunds of substantially all of the amounts paid pursuant to these notices of assessment, we have recorded substantially all of these payments as receivables from HMRC or the indemnity counterparty, in our financial statements. Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 57 Table of Contents Guarantees We have an investment in 3XSQ Associates, an entity jointly owned by a subsidiary of our company and Rudin Times Square Associates LLC (Rudin), that owns and operates the 3 Times Square office building (the building) in New York, New York. In May 2025, 3XSQ Associates extended the maturity of its 3-year term loan facility from June 2025 for an additional 2 years to June 2027 and reduced the facility to $385 million from $415 million. The facility was obtained in 2022 to refinance existing debt, fund the building’s redevelopment, and cover interest and operating costs during the redevelopment period. The building is pledged as loan collateral. We and Rudin each guarantee 50% of (i) certain principal loan amounts and (ii) interest and operating costs. We and Rudin also jointly and severally guarantee (i) completion of commenced works and (ii) lender losses arising from disallowed acts, environmental or otherwise. To minimize economic exposure to 50% for the joint and several obligations, we and a parent entity of Rudin entered into a arrangement. We believe the value of the building is expected to be sufficient to cover obligations that could arise from the guarantees. The guarantees do not impact our ability to borrow funds under our $2.0 billion syndicated credit facility or the related covenant calculation. For additional information, please see the “Risk Factors” section of this annual report, which contains further information on risks related to legal and tax matters. Outlo ok The information in this section is and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled “Additional Information - Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results”. Trends Technology and societal forces continue to drive the digital transformation of the legal, tax, audit, accounting, and risk & fraud ecosystems in which we operate. Our customers – professionals in law firms, accounting firms, government agencies and corporations – must continually improve efficiency and demonstrate the value of their service to their clients. We are positioned to capitalize on three powerful secular trends that reinforce the strength of our positioning: • The accelerating complexity of the regulatory and compliance landscape across tax, legal, and regulatory domains creates persistent demand for our , workflows. As global regulatory frameworks proliferate and enforcement intensifies from evolving tax regimes to compliance requirements, customers face escalating consequences for , driving sustained willingness to select a vendor that provides comprehensive, solutions. • The rapid adoption of AI in professional services represents a fundamental shift in how our customers approach . Our clients increasingly recognize that effective AI implementation in regulated environments requires not just sophisticated technology, but trusted, proprietary content combined with deep domain expertise to deliver accurate outputs. Our capability of building our experiences, grounded in decades of curated professional content, embedded subject matter expertise, and proven security infrastructure, creates sustained customer value. • Further, a talent shortage in certain professional markets we serve plus the growth in virtual and hybrid forms of work are driving professionals to adopt digital workflows. Simultaneously, consumers expect increasingly sophisticated digital experiences from their professional service providers. These converging expectations, from professionals demanding better internal tools and clients demanding better service delivery, continue to drive demand for , solutions that are powered by AI. Together, these dynamics create a virtuous cycle where regulatory and compliance complexity drives content demand, while AI capabilities transform that content into solutions that deepen customer relationships and expand addressable market opportunity. While the pace of technology adoption varies, the overall trend towards cloud and automation is consistent across our “Big 3” customer segments. The following forces are driving changes in our customer segments: • Legal Professionals: Law firms continue to need technology to drive efficiency and competitive advantage, and to provide clients with modern, digitally enabled client service. technology is increasingly leveraged in areas such as legal research and document drafting, with potential to transform not just legal workflows but law firm business models and operating structures. Demand for digital collaboration tools among lawyers within firms, as well as with their clients, remains high. Demand for fraud prevention, detection and investigative solutions continues to grow across government and corporate customers, with technology enabling new fraud patterns such as deep fakes. Technology solutions, enabled by public and proprietary information, are increasingly being used to manage risks, adhere to regulations, minimize fraud, provide greater access to justice and to maintain global security. Page 58 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents • Corporates: Tax and trade departments of corporations are under sustained pressure to operate efficiently and respond swiftly to changing regulations and new tax laws like the OBBBA in the U.S. Further, they are responding to global minimum tax frameworks and navigating an emerging tariff environment marked by supply‑chain realignments. As governments intensify enforcement and compliance, corporations continue investing in technology solutions to meet electronic invoicing mandates, real‑time reporting, and evolving global trade requirements. In parallel, corporate legal departments are accelerating technology adoption to boost productivity and demonstrate measurable value. General counsels, in particular, are exploring how to leverage AI to manage costs across both internal teams and external counsel - without compromising quality of advice or outcomes – which is driving demand for automation and data‑driven decision support. • Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals: Talent shortages, regulatory complexity and growing client expectations for digital engagement are driving demand for higher levels of automation in the accounting profession. AI tools are rapidly maturing to enable automation of routine elements of tax filings and audits, with the potential to enhance productivity and accuracy. Remaining legacy tax, audit, accounting, and practice management systems are gradually being replaced by offerings. Relative to our Reuters business, the media sector continues to transform, with the traditional news agency market under pressure due to audiences’ shift to digital and streaming services. Traditional news content has found new uses in the licensing of content for AI foundation models, and the industry is exploring new means of consuming news through various AI agents. In the Professional sector, digital advertising and sponsorships revenues will continue to be exposed to discretionary spend shifts over the business cycle. We continue to expect revenue declines in our Global Print business as customers migrate to online delivery, which has been compounded by the influence of the virtual and hybrid work environment. The opportunity created by technology in the professional markets we serve continues to attract significant capital and entrepreneurial talent, creating a highly competitive environment. The increasing opportunities created by AI have elevated the competitive environment. Our traditional competitors are investing to provide new value to customers, as well as acquiring businesses to add new capabilities. More narrowly focused technology companies, including private companies often funded by private equity or funded by venture capital, are all investing heavily to pursue growth opportunities in our market segments. Large horizontal business systems vendors as well as some smaller vendors provide similar solutions to certain of our offerings. Professional service firms such as the Global 7 accounting firms, who have traditionally been our customers as well as our partners, are developing their own competitive technology solutions. continue to produce attractive innovations using the latest technologies. In the global news market segment, audiences are fragmenting across platforms while news consumption is shifting to on demand, social, and mobile formats, with emerging news consumption via AI agents. While competition continues to be intense and dynamic, we believe that our strengths, high quality content, deep domain expertise, technology expertise and strong customer relationships will allow us to continue to serve the needs of our customers. Priorities We strive to be the leading technology company that empowers professionals to navigate complex legal, tax, audit, accounting, compliance, government, corporate and media environments. In 2025, we continued to build on our strong foundations, preserving, scaling, and further strengthening our unique position in the market. The rapid pace of AI innovation continues to drive significant transformation across the industries we serve, reinforcing the importance of our strategy and our priorities for 2026 : • Strengthening and enhancing our differentiated assets by maintaining and building on our deep domain expertise and comprehensive collection of richly enhanced data and content; • Scaling our transformative AI capabilities through ongoing product innovation and enhancements to our flagship products, including through acquisitions; • Broadening adoption of our AI assistant, CoCounsel, across our global customer base in legal and tax; • Further strengthening our model, with a particular focus on customer success, retention, and value realization; • Extending and deepening channel partnerships to integrate our products and services into broader customer ecosystems; • Expanding our international offerings to capture growth opportunities in key global markets; • Accelerating our pace of execution so we can move quickly and win in an increasingly competitive landscape; and • Deploying our significant capital capacity to support o rganic and select inorganic investments, plus a balanced capital allocation approach, including annual dividend growth, strategic acquisitions and ongoing shareholder returns. Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 59 Table of Contents Financial Outlook The following table sets forth our 2026 outlook and our 2025 actual results, which include financial measures. Our outlook assumes constant currency rates relative to 2025 and does not factor in the impact of any future acquisitions or dispositions. We believe this type of guidance provides useful insight into the anticipated performance of our business. We continue to operate in an uncertain macroeconomic environment, reflecting ongoing geopolitical risk, uneven economic growth and an evolving interest rate and inflationary backdrop. Any worsening of the global economic or business environment, among other factors, could impact our ability to achieve our outlook. Total Thomson Reuters 2025 Actual 2026 Outlook Revenue growth Organic revenue growth (1) 3% (2) 7% 7.5 - 8.0% 7.5 - 8.0% Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 39.2% +100bps vs 2025 Corporate costs $118 million $115 - $125 million Free cash flow (1) $1.95 billion ~$2.1 billion Accrued capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues (1) 8.2% ~8.0% Depreciation and amortization of software Depreciation and amortization of internally developed software Amortization of acquired software $832 million $626 million $206 million $890 - $910 million $680 - $690 million $210 - $220 million Net interest expense $143 million $150 - $160 million Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings (1) 18.5% ~19.0% “Big 3” Segments (1) 2025 Actual 2026 Outlook Revenue growth Organic revenue growth 4% (2) 9% ~9.5% ~9.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin 43.6% +100bps vs 2025 (1) financial measures. Refer to Appendices A and B of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information and reconciliations of our financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS financial measures. (2) Total revenue growth reflects the impact of the disposals of FindLaw and other businesses in December 2024. We expect our 2026 organic revenue growth to be approximately 7% and our adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 42%. Page 60 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our material assumptions and risks that may cause actual performance to differ from our expectations underlying our 2026 financial outlook. Revenues Material assumptions Material risks • Uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions will continue to disrupt the economy and cause periods of volatility • Continued need for trusted products and services that help customers navigate evolving and complex legal, tax, audit, accounting, regulatory, geopolitical and commercial changes, developments and environments, and for digital tools that drive productivity • Continued ability to deliver innovative products that meet evolving customer demands • Acquisition of new customers through expanded and improved digital platforms, simplification of the product portfolio and through other sales initiatives • Improvement in customer retention through commercial simplification efforts and customer service improvements • Ongoing geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty continue to impact the global economy. The severity and duration of this uncertainty could lead to lower demand for our products and services (beyond our assumption that these disruptions will cause periods of volatility) • Uncertainty in the legal regulatory regime relating to AI. Enacted and potential future legislation may make it harder for us to conduct business using AI, lead to regulatory fines or penalties, require us to change product offerings or business practices, or prevent or limit our use of AI • Demand for our products and services could be reduced by changes in customer buying patterns, or our inability to execute on key product design or customer support initiatives • Competitive pricing actions and product innovation could impact our revenues • Our sales, commercial simplification and product design initiatives may be insufficient to retain customers or generate new sales Adjusted EBITDA margin Material assumptions Material risks • Our ability to achieve revenue growth targets • Business mix continues to shift to product offerings • Integration expenses associated with recent acquisitions will reduce margins • Same as the risks above related to the revenue outlook • Higher than expected inflation may lead to greater than anticipated increase in labor costs, supplier costs and costs of print materials • Acquisition and disposal activity may dilute adjusted EBITDA margin Free Cash Flow Material assumptions Material risks • Our ability to achieve our revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin targets • Accrued capital expenditures expected to approximate 8.0% of revenues in 2026 • Same as the risks above related to the revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin outlook • A weaker macroeconomic environment could negatively impact working capital performance, including the ability of our customers to pay us • Capital expenditures may be higher than currently expected • The timing and amount of tax payments to governments may differ from our expectations Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 61 Table of Contents Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings Material assumptions Material risks • Our ability to achieve our adjusted EBITDA target • The mix of taxing jurisdictions where we recognized profit or losses in 2025 does not significantly change in 2026 • Minimal changes in currently enacted tax laws and treaties within the jurisdictions where we operate • No significant charges or benefits from the finalization of prior tax years • Depreciation and amortization of internally developed software of $680 - $690 million in 2026 • Net interest expense of $150 - $160 million in 2026 • Same as the risks above related to adjusted EBITDA • A material change in the geographical mix of our profits and losses • A material change in current tax laws or treaties to which we are subject, and did not expect • Resolution of tax audits may cause material changes to assessments of uncertain tax positions compared to current estimates • Depreciation and amortization of internally developed software as well as net interest expense may be significantly higher or lower than expected Our outlook contains various financial measures. We believe that providing reconciliations of financial measures in our outlook would be potentially misleading and not practical due to the difficulty of projecting items that are not reflective of ongoing operations in any future period. The magnitude of these items may be significant. Consequently, for purposes of our outlook only, we are unable to reconcile these measures to the most comparable IFRS measures because we cannot predict, with reasonable certainty, the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates which impact (i) the translation of our results reported at average foreign currency rates for the year and (ii) other finance income or expense related to intercompany financing arrangements. Additionally, we cannot reasonably predict the occurrence or amount of other operating gains and losses, which generally arise from business transactions we do not currently anticipate. R elated Pa rty Transactions As of March 2, 2026, our principal shareholder, Woodbridge (together with its affiliates), beneficially owned approximately 70% of our common shares. Transactions with Woodbridge From time to time, in the normal course of business, we enter into transactions with Woodbridge and certain of its affiliates. These transactions involve providing and receiving product and service offerings and are not material to our results of operations or financial condition either individually or in the aggregate. Transactions with YPL In 2024, we received $1.8 billion of dividends from YPL related to the sale of our indirectly owned LSEG shares. See the “Executive Summary – Acquisitions and Dispositions” section of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information. Transactions with 3XSQ Associates In 2025, we made an $18 million contribution representing the fair value of guarantees provided in connection with a $385 million loan facility obtained by 3XSQ Associates (see the "Guarantees" section of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information). In each of 2025 and 2024, we also contributed $10 million in cash pursuant to a capital call. Additionally, in October 2025, we amended our lease agreement with 3XSQ Associates for additional office space in the 3 Times Square building in New York, New York and extended the lease term to May 2036 for a total commitment of $46 million. In each of 2025 and 2024, we paid $4 million of rent to 3XSQ Associates. Transactions with other associates From time to time, we enter into transactions with other associates. These transactions typically involve providing or receiving services in the normal course of business and are not material to our company’s results of operations or financial condition either individually or in the aggregate. Page 62 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Compensation of key management personnel Key management personnel compensation, including directors, are as follows: Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 Salaries and other benefits 23 25 payments 24 19 Total compensation 47 44 Key management personnel are comprised of our company’s directors and executive officers. Subse quent Events 2026 Dividends In February 2026, we announced a 10% or $0.24 per share increase in the annualized dividend to $2.62 per common share, which was approved by our board of directors. A quarterly dividend of $0.655 per share will be paid on March 10, 2026 to shareholders of record as of February 17, 2026. Share Repurchases and Return of Capital In February 2026, we announced that we plan to repurchase up to $600 million of our common shares under an amended NCIB that has been approved by the TSX. The amended NCIB was effective on February 27, 2026 and will increase the maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased by an additional 6 million. Under the amended NCIB, up to 16 million common shares may be repurchased between August 19, 2025 and August 18, 2026, of which 6.0 million common shares were repurchased in 2025 (see the "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Share repurchases - NCIB" section of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information). The completion of this program will depend on certain factors such as market conditions, share price and other opportunities to invest capital for growth. In February 2026, we also announced that we plan to return $605 million to shareholders through a return of capital transaction from the gross proceeds derived from the May 2024 sales of LSEG shares. The return of capital will consist of a special cash distribution of approximately $1.36 in cash per participating share, followed by a share consolidation, or “reverse stock split”, which will reduce the number of common shares on a basis that is proportional to the special cash distribution. To that end, the share consolidation ratio will be based on the volume weighted average trading price of the common shares on the Nasdaq for the five trading days immediately prior to the transactions becoming effective. The return of capital and share consolidation transactions will require shareholder approval and the approval of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List). If shareholder and court approval are obtained, we expect to effect the proposed transactions in early May 2026. Acquisition In February 2026, we acquired Noetica, Inc., a New that transforms transaction-deal data into structured market intelligence for deal professionals. This business will be primarily reported in the Legal Professionals segment. We are in the process of allocating the purchase consideration to the assets and liabilities assumed for accounting purposes. Changes in Acco unting Policies IAS 21, T he Effect of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates In August 2023, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 21, which provide guidance on the determination of an exchange rate to translate transactions and financial statements denominated or presented in a currency that is not exchangeable into another currency. The amendments were effective for reporting periods beginning January 1, 2025 and did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 63 Table of Contents Accounting pronouncements effective in future periods IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements and associated a mendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 and amendments to IAS 7. IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements. Both IFRS 18 and amendments to IAS 7 are effective for reporting periods beginning January 1, 2027. IFRS 18 will change the presentation of our financial statements and add new disclosure requirements. Specifically, the new standard requires: • The consolidated income statement to be structured according to operating, investing and financing categories, and include additional subtotals for “Operating Profit” and “Profit Before Financing and Income Taxes”; • performance measurements (MPMs), which represent certain of our measures, to be identified, defined, and have an explanation why each one is useful. Each MPM must be reconciled to the most directly comparable IFRS subtotal. All disclosures related to MPMs must be disclosed in a single footnote within the consolidated financial statements; and • The application of enhanced guidance related to the grouping of financial information associated with amounts presented within the financial statements, otherwise known as aggregation or disaggregation. The amendments to IAS 7 were issued to align the presentation of the statement of cash flows, as prepared under the indirect method, to the changes prescribed to the income statement under IFRS 18. Both IFRS 18 and the amendments to IAS 7 are presentation and disclosure related and do not impact the measurement of our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. We are assessing the impact of these pronouncements on our disclosures. Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7, Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments In May 2024, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial Instruments: Disclosures . The amendments introduce: • An election permitting derecognition of financial liabilities that are settled through an electronic payment system before the actual settlement date, if certain conditions are met; and • Expanded disclosures for (a) investments in equity instruments and (b) financial liabilities that have features unrelated to basic lending risks, such as achieving sustainability targets, that could affect the cash flows of those liabilities. The amendments are effective for reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2026. We have concluded that there will be no material impact from the adoption of these amendments on our financial statements or disclosures. Other pronouncements issued by the IASB and International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) are not applicable or consequential to our company. Critical Acco unting Estimates and Judgments The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments about the future. Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Refer to Appendix E of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information on our critical accounting estimates and judgments. Page 64 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Additional Inf ormation Dis closure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in applicable U.S. and Canadian securities law) as of the end of the period covered by this management’s discussion and analysis, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that all information that we are required to disclose in reports that we file or furnish under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act and applicable Canadian securities law is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and Canadian securities regulatory authorities and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Inte rnal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during 2025 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 and based on that assessment determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. Refer to our 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for our management’s report on internal control over financial reporting. Share Capital As of March 2, 2026, we had outstanding 444,765,643 common shares, 6,000,000 Series II preference shares, 1,184,092 stock options and a total of 1,467,690 restricted share units and performance restricted share units. We have also issued a Thomson Reuters Founders Share which enables Thomson Reuters Founders Share Company to exercise extraordinary voting power to safeguard the Thomson Reuters Trust Principles. Public Securities Filings and Regulatory Announcements You may access other information about our company, including our 2025 annual report (which contains information required in an annual information form) and our other disclosure documents, reports, statements or other information that we file with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities through SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and in the United States with the SEC at sec.gov . Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results Certain statements in this management’s discussion and analysis are , including, but not limited to, our 2026 business outlook, the Company's expectations regarding the return of capital transaction and share repurchases, the company’s expectations regarding defined benefit plan contributions, the Company's expectations regarding the impact of tax legislation in Canada and its discussion of anticipated trends, as well as statements regarding the Company’s intentions to target a leverage ratio of 2.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, a dividend payout ratio of between 50% to 60% of its free cash flow, to return at least 75% of free cash flow annually in the form of dividends and share repurchases, as well as its target to earn a return on invested capital (ROIC) that is double or more of its cost of capital over time, the Company’s expectations regarding refunds on amounts paid to HMRC, and other expectations regarding the Company’s strategic priorities, initiatives, opportunities and with regard to its liquidity and capital resources, including its ability to refinance its current debt obligations and statements about the estimated future growth of the market segments in which Thomson Reuters’ businesses operates. The words “will”, “expect”, “believe”, “target” “estimate”, “could”, “should”, “intend”, “predict”, “project” and similar expressions identify statements. While we believe that we have a reasonable basis for making statements in this management’s discussion and analysis, they are not a guarantee of future performance or outcomes or that any other events described in any statement will materialize. statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations. Many of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions are beyond our company’s control and the effects of them can be difficult to predict. In particular, the full extent of the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical environment on the Company’s business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 65 Table of Contents Some of the material risk factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by statements in this management’s discussion and analysis include, but are not limited to, actions of competitors; uncertainty, downturns and changes in the markets that the Company serves; failure of AI initiatives to enhance products or meet customer expectations; failure to keep pace with technological developments to provide new products, services, applications and functionalities to meet customers’ needs, attract new customers and retain existing ones, or expand into new geographic markets and identify areas of higher growth; failure to derive fully the anticipated benefits from existing or future acquisitions, dispositions or other strategic investments, including joint ventures and investments; failure to protect the brands and reputation of Thomson Reuters; social and ethical issues from the use of new and evolving technologies in our products and services; risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents for us and our providers; dependency on cloud providers, local data centers, providers and other third parties for services; failure to attract, engage and retain the right management, key employees and skills to the organization; failure to adapt to organizational changes and effectively implement strategic initiatives; failure to meet the challenges involved in operating globally, including risks associated with persisting geopolitical tensions and ongoing protectionism measures (including the potential imposition of new tariffs as well as related retaliatory measures); dependency on third parties for data, information and other services; changes to law and regulations related to privacy, data security, data protection, the use of AI, and other areas; inadequate protection of intellectual property rights; tax matters, including changes to tax laws, regulations and treaties; threat of legal actions and claims; risk of antitrust/competition-related claims or investigations; failure to maintain a high renewal rate for recurring, subscription-based services; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates; downgrading of credit ratings and adverse conditions in the credit markets; the effect of factors outside of the control of Thomson Reuters on funding obligations in respect of pension and benefit arrangements; impairment of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets; actions or potential actions that could be taken by the Company’s principal shareholder (Woodbridge); and the ability of Thomson Reuters Founders Share Company to affect the Company’s governance and management. Additional factors are discussed in the “Risk Factors” and “Financial Outlook” sections of the 2025 annual report and in materials that we from time to time file with, or furnish to, the Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Our company's 2026 business outlook is based on information currently available to the Company and is based on various external and internal assumptions made by the Company in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that the Company believes are appropriate under the circumstances. Our company has provided a 2026 business outlook for the purpose of presenting information about current expectations for the period presented. This information may not be appropriate for other purposes. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on statements which reflect expectations only as of the date of this management’s discussion and analysis. Except as may be required by applicable law, Thomson Reuters disclaims any obligation to update or revise any statements. Page 66 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Ap pendix A Financial Measures We use financial measures, which include ratios that incorporate one or more financial measures, as supplemental indicators of our operating performance and financial position as well as for internal planning purposes, our management incentive programs and our business outlook. These measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and therefore are unlikely to be comparable to the calculation of similar measures used by other companies. We modified our definition of net debt to account for interest rate swap arrangements entered into during the third quarter of 2025. The change did not have a material impact on our calculation of net debt. The following table sets forth our financial measures including an explanation of why we believe they are useful measures of our performance. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS measure are reflected in Appendices B and D of this management’s discussion and analysis. How We Define It Why We Use It and Why It Is Useful to Investors Most Directly Comparable IFRS Measure Adjusted EBITDA and the related margin Represents earnings or losses from continuing operations before tax expense or benefit, net interest expense, other finance costs or income, depreciation, amortization of software and other identifiable intangible assets, our share of earnings or losses in equity method investments, other operating gains and losses, certain asset impairment charges and fair value adjustments, including those related to acquired deferred revenue. The related margin is adjusted EBITDA expressed as a percentage of revenues. For purposes of this calculation, revenues are before fair value adjustments to acquired deferred revenue. Provides a consistent basis to evaluate operating profitability and performance trends by excluding items that we do not consider to be controllable activities for this purpose. Also represents a measure commonly reported and widely used by investors as a valuation metric, as well as to assess our ability to incur and service debt. Earnings from continuing operations Adjusted EBITDA less accrued capital expenditures and the related margin Represents adjusted EBITDA less accrued capital expenditures, where accrued capital expenditures include amounts that remain unpaid at the reporting date. The related margin is adjusted EBITDA less accrued capital expenditures expressed as a percentage of revenues. For purposes of this calculation, revenues are before fair value adjustments to acquired deferred revenue. Provides a basis for evaluating the operating profitability and capital intensity of a business in a single measure. This measure captures investments regardless of whether they are expensed or capitalized, and reflects the basis on which management measures capital spending. Earnings from continuing operations Accrued capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues Accrued capital expenditures expressed as a percentage of revenues. For purposes of this calculation, revenues are before fair value adjustments to acquired deferred revenue. Reflects the basis on how we manage capital expenditures for internal planning purposes. Capital expenditures Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 67 Table of Contents How We Define It Why We Use It and Why It Is Useful to Investors Most Directly Comparable IFRS Measure Adjusted earnings and adjusted EPS Net earnings or loss including dividends declared on preference shares but excluding the impacts of fair value adjustments, including those related to acquired deferred revenue, amortization of acquired intangible assets (attributable to other identifiable intangible assets and acquired software), other operating gains and losses, certain asset impairment charges, other finance costs or income, our share of earnings or losses in equity method investments, discontinued operations and other items affecting comparability. Acquired intangible assets contribute to the generation of revenues from acquired companies, which are included in our computation of adjusted earnings. The amount of each item is excluded from adjusted earnings based on the specific tax rules and tax rates associated with the nature and jurisdiction of each item. Adjusted EPS is calculated from adjusted earnings using diluted shares and does not represent actual earnings or loss per share attributable to shareholders. Provides a more comparable basis to analyze earnings. These measures are commonly used by shareholders to measure performance. Net earnings and diluted EPS Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings Adjusted tax expense divided by adjusted earnings. Adjusted tax expense is computed as income tax expense or benefit plus or minus the income tax impacts of all items impacting adjusted earnings (as described above), and other tax items impacting comparability. Provides a basis to analyze the effective tax rate associated with adjusted earnings. Tax (expense) benefit In interim periods, we also make an adjustment to reflect income taxes based on the estimated effective tax rate. Earnings or losses for interim periods under IFRS reflect income taxes based on the estimated effective tax rates of each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. The adjustment reallocates estimated income taxes between interim periods but has no effect on income taxes. Our effective tax rate computed in accordance with IFRS may be more volatile by quarter because the geographical mix of profits and losses in interim periods may be different from that for the full year. Therefore, we believe that using the expected effective tax rate provides more comparability among interim periods. Page 68 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents How We Define It Why We Use It and Why It Is Useful to Investors Most Directly Comparable IFRS Measure Net debt and leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA Net debt: Total debt, plus related hedging instruments and collateral balances, along with lease liabilities, excluding unamortized transaction costs and any premiums or discounts on debt, minus cash and cash equivalents. We exclude specific hedging components to reflect the net cash outflow upon debt maturity. Provides a commonly used measure of a company’s leverage. Given that we hedge some of our debt to manage risk, we include hedging instruments as we believe it provides a better measure of the total obligation associated with our outstanding debt. Since we plan to hold our debt and related hedges until maturity, the net debt calculation is adjusted to reflect the net cash outflow at maturity, after deducting cash and cash equivalents. Total debt (current indebtedness plus indebtedness) Net debt to adjusted EBITDA: Net debt is divided by adjusted EBITDA for the previous period ending with the current fiscal quarter. Provides a commonly used measure of a company’s ability to pay its debt. Our measure is aligned with the calculation of our internal target leverage ratio and is more conservative than the maximum ratio allowed under the contractual covenants in our credit facility. For adjusted EBITDA, refer to the definition above for the most directly comparable IFRS measure Free cash flow Net cash provided by operating activities and other investing activities, less capital expenditures, payments of lease principal and dividends paid on our preference shares. Helps assess our ability, over the long term, to create value for our shareholders as it represents cash available to repay debt, pay common dividends and fund share repurchases and acquisitions. Net cash provided by operating activities Return on invested capital (ROIC) Adjusted operating profit (operating profit excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets attributable to other identifiable intangible assets and acquired software, other operating gains and losses, and fair value adjustments) less net taxes paid expressed as a percentage of the average invested capital during the period. Provides a measure of how efficiently we allocate resources to profitable activities and is indicative of our ability to create value for our shareholders. IFRS does not require a measure comparable to ROIC. Refer to our calculation of ROIC in Appendix D for a reconciliation of the components in the calculation to the most directly comparable IFRS measure. Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 69 Table of Contents How We Define It Why We Use It and Why It Is Useful to Investors Most Directly Comparable IFRS Measure Changes before the impact of foreign currency or at constant currency Applicable measures where changes are reported before the impact of foreign currency or at constant currency IFRS Measures: • Revenues • Operating expenses Measures and ratios: • Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin • Adjusted EPS Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. However, we conduct activities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We measure our performance before the impact of foreign currency (or at constant currency or excluding the effects of currency), which is determined by converting the current and equivalent prior period’s local currency results using the same foreign currency exchange rate. Provides better comparability of business trends from period to period. For each measure and ratio, refer to the definitions above for the most directly comparable IFRS measure. Changes in revenues computed on an organic basis Represent changes in revenues of our existing businesses at constant currency. The metric excludes the distortive impacts of acquisitions and dispositions from not owning the business in both comparable periods. • For acquisitions, we calculate organic growth as though we had owned the acquired business in both periods. We compare revenues for the acquired business for the period we owned the business to the same period revenues for that business, when we did not own it. • For dispositions, we calculate organic growth only for the time we owned the business in the current period, compared to the same period in the prior year. Provides further insight into the performance of our existing businesses by excluding distortive impacts and serves as a better measure of our ability to grow our business over the long term. Revenues “Big 3” segments Our combined Legal Professionals, Corporates and Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals segments. All measures reported for the “Big 3” segments are financial measures. The “Big 3” segments comprise approximately 80% of revenues and represent the core of our business information service product offerings. Revenues Earnings from continuing operations Page 70 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Appendix B This appendix provides reconciliations of certain financial measures to the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Rounding Other than EPS, we report our results in millions of U.S. dollars, but we compute percentage changes and margins using whole dollars to be more precise. As a result, percentages and margins calculated from reported amounts may differ from those presented, and growth components may not total due to rounding. Reconciliation of Earnings From Continuing Operations to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Less Accrued Capital Expenditures Three months ended December 31, Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars, except margins) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Earnings from continuing operations 333 607 1,483 2,192 Adjustments to remove: Tax expense (benefit) 158 135 423 (123) Other finance costs (income) 4 (53) 55 (45) Net interest expense 40 28 143 125 Amortization of other identifiable intangible assets 25 22 98 91 Amortization of software 187 160 721 618 Depreciation 28 26 111 113 EBITDA 775 925 3,034 2,971 Adjustments to remove: Share of losses (earnings) in equity method investments 5 5 28 (40) Other operating gains, net (2) (204) (164) (144) Fair value adjustments (1) (1) (8) 38 (8) Adjusted EBITDA 777 718 2,936 2,779 Deduct: Accrued capital expenditures (156) (172) (616) (609) Adjusted EBITDA less accrued capital expenditures 621 546 2,320 2,170 Adjusted EBITDA margin 38.7% 37.6% 39.2% 38.2% Adjusted EBITDA less accrued capital expenditures margin 31.0% 28.6% 31.0% 29.9% (1) Fair value adjustments primarily represent gains or losses due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany balances that arise in the ordinary course of business, a component of operating expenses, as well as adjustments related to acquired deferred revenue. Reconciliation of Capital Expenditures to Accrued Capital Expenditures Three months ended December 31, Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Capital expenditures 158 161 634 607 Remove: IFRS adjustment to cash basis (2) 11 (18) 2 Accrued capital expenditures 156 172 616 609 Accrued capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues n/a n/a 8.2% 8.4% Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 71 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Adjusted Earnings and Adjusted EPS Three months ended December 31, Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts and share data) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net earnings 332 587 1,502 2,207 Adjustments to remove: Fair value adjustments (1) (1) (8) 38 (8) Amortization of acquired software 53 38 206 147 Amortization of other identifiable intangible assets 25 22 98 91 Other operating gains, net (2) (204) (164) (144) Other finance costs (income) 4 (53) 55 (45) Share of losses (earnings) in equity method investments 5 5 28 (40) Tax on above items (2) (5) 36 (35) (9) Tax items impacting comparability (2) 66 5 57 (478) Loss (earnings) from discontinued operations, net of tax 1 20 (19) (15) Interim period effective tax rate normalization (2) 2 7 - - Dividends declared on preference shares (1) (1) (4) (5) Adjusted earnings (3) 479 454 1,762 1,701 Adjusted EPS (3) $1.07 $1.01 $3.92 $3.77 Diluted common shares (millions) 445.6 450.6 449.5 451.2 (1) Fair value adjustments primarily represent gains or losses due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany balances that arise in the ordinary course of business, a component of operating expenses, as well as adjustments related to acquired deferred revenue. (2) See the “Results of Operations - Tax expense (benefit)” section of this management’s discussion and analysis for additional information. (3) The adjusted earnings impact of interests, which was applicable only to the year ended December 31, 2024, was not material. Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate on Adjusted Earnings Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars, except percentages) 2025 2024 Adjusted earnings 1,762 1,701 Plus: Dividends declared on preference shares 4 5 Plus: Tax expense on adjusted earnings 401 364 adjusted earnings 2,167 2,070 IFRS tax expense 423 (123) Remove tax related to: Amortization of acquired software 46 33 Amortization of other identifiable intangible assets 23 22 Share of losses (earnings) in equity method investments 2 (7) Other finance (costs) income 2 19 Other operating gains, net (43) (56) Other items 5 (2) Subtotal - Remove tax benefit on items removed from adjusted earnings 35 9 Remove: Tax items impacting comparability (57) 478 Total - Remove all items impacting comparability (22) 487 Tax expense on adjusted earnings 401 364 Effective tax rate on adjusted earnings 18.5% 17.6% Page 72 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Free Cash Flow Three months ended December 31, Year ended December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities 756 564 2,651 2,457 Capital expenditures (158) (161) (634) (607) Other investing activities - 40 1 46 Payments of lease principal (16) (17) (64) (63) Dividends paid on preference shares (1) (1) (4) (5) Free cash flow 581 425 1,950 1,828 Reconciliation of Net debt and Leverage Ratio of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA December 31, (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 Current indebtedness 795 973 indebtedness 1,328 1,847 Total debt 2,123 2,820 Swaps 16 21 Total debt after swaps 2,139 2,841 Remove fair value adjustments for hedges (2) 5 Total debt after hedging arrangements 2,137 2,846 Collateral assets (7) - Remove transaction costs, premiums or discounts, included in the carrying value of debt 28 22 Add: Lease liabilities (current and ) 249 256 Less: Cash and cash equivalents (511) (1,968) Net debt 1,896 1,156 Leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA 2,936 2,779 Net debt/adjusted EBITDA 0.6:1 0.4:1 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 73 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Changes in Revenues to Changes in Revenues Excluding the Effects of Foreign Currency (Constant Currency) as well as Acquisitions/Disposals (Organic Basis) Three months ended December 31, Change (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 Total Foreign Currency Subtotal Constant Currency Acquisitions/ Divestitures Organic Revenues Legal Professionals 738 729 1% - 1% (8%) 9% Corporates 496 458 8% 1% 7% (2%) 9% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 414 366 13% - 13% 2% 11% "Big 3" Segments Combined 1,648 1,553 6% 1% 5% (4%) 9% Reuters 232 218 7% 1% 6% 1% 5% Global Print 136 144 (6%) - (6%) - (6%) Eliminations/Rounding (7) (6) Total Revenues 2,009 1,909 5% 1% 5% (3%) 7% Recurring Revenues Legal Professionals 716 707 1% - 1% (7%) 8% Corporates 434 401 8% 1% 7% (2%) 9% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 357 319 12% - 12% - 12% "Big 3" Segments Combined 1,507 1,427 6% 1% 5% (4%) 9% Reuters 183 173 6% 1% 5% 1% 4% Eliminations/Rounding (7) (6) Total Recurring Revenues 1,683 1,594 6% 1% 5% (4%) 9% Transactions Revenues Legal Professionals 22 22 - (1%) - (28%) 28% Corporates 62 57 9% 2% 7% - 7% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 57 47 20% 1% 19% 16% 3% "Big 3" Segments Combined 141 126 11% 1% 10% 2% 8% Reuters 49 45 10% 1% 9% 2% 8% Total Transactions Revenues 190 171 11% 1% 10% 2% 8% Page 74 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Year ended December 31, Change Subtotal Foreign Constant Acquisitions/ (millions of U.S. dollars) 2025 2024 Total Currency Currency Divestitures Organic Revenues Legal Professionals 2,868 2,922 (2%) - (2%) (10%) 8% Corporates 1,987 1,844 8% - 7% (1%) 9% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 1,302 1,165 12% (1%) 13% 3% 11% "Big 3" Segments Combined 6,157 5,931 4% - 4% (5%) 9% Reuters 853 832 3% 1% 2% 1% 1% Global Print 490 519 (6%) - (5%) - (5%) Eliminations/Rounding (24) (24) Total Revenues 7,476 7,258 3% - 3% (4%) 7% Recurring Revenues Legal Professionals 2,789 2,828 (1%) - (1%) (10%) 9% Corporates 1,670 1,543 8% - 8% (2%) 9% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 937 867 8% (2%) 10% (0%) 10% "Big 3" Segments Combined 5,396 5,238 3% - 3% (6%) 9% Reuters 712 668 7% 1% 6% 1% 5% Eliminations/Rounding (24) (24) Total Recurring Revenues 6,084 5,882 3% - 3% (5%) 9% Transactions Revenues Legal Professionals 79 94 (16%) 1% (17%) (21%) 4% Corporates 317 301 5% - 5% - 5% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 365 298 22% - 23% 10% 12% "Big 3" Segments Combined 761 693 10% - 10% 1% 9% Reuters 141 164 (14%) 1% (15%) - (16%) Total Transactions Revenues 902 857 5% - 5% 1% 4% Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Page 75 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Changes in Adjusted EBITDA and the Related Margin, Consolidated Operating Expenses and Adjusted EPS, Excluding the Effects of Foreign Currency Three months ended December 31, Change (millions of U.S. dollars, except margins and per share amounts) 2025 2024 Total Foreign Currency Constant Currency Adjusted EBITDA Legal Professionals 327 299 9% - 9% Corporates 160 153 4% - 4% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 222 196 14% 1% 13% "Big 3" Segments Combined 709 648 9% - 9% Reuters 48 45 7% (5%) 12% Global Print 54 55 (2%) - (2%) Corporate costs (34) (30) n/a n/a n/a Total Adjusted EBITDA 777 718 8% - 8% Adjusted EBITDA Margin Legal Professionals 44.3% 41.0% 330bp (20)bp 350bp Corporates 32.2% 33.5% (130)bp (60)bp (70)bp Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 53.6% 53.4% 20bp 20bp - "Big 3" Segments Combined 43.0% 41.7% 130bp (20)bp 150bp Reuters 21.0% 20.8% 20bp (120)bp 140bp Global Print 39.6% 38.2% 140bp (20)bp 160bp Total Adjusted EBITDA Margin 38.7% 37.6% 110bp (30)bp 140bp Operating expenses 1,231 1,183 4% 2% 2% Adjusted EPS $1.07 $1.01 6% (1%) 7% Year ended December 31, Change (millions of U.S. dollars, except margins and per share amounts) 2025 2024 Total Foreign Currency Constant Currency Adjusted EBITDA Legal Professionals 1,356 1,302 4% 1% 3% Corporates 716 671 7% - 6% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 623 527 18% - 19% "Big 3" Segments Combined 2,695 2,500 8% - 7% Reuters 174 196 (11%) (1%) (11%) Global Print 185 188 (2%) 1% (2%) Corporate costs (118) (105) n/a n/a n/a Total Adjusted EBITDA 2,936 2,779 6% - 5% Adjusted EBITDA Margin Legal Professionals 47.3% 44.6% 270bp 20bp 250bp Corporates 36.0% 36.3% (30)bp - (30)bp Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 47.1% 45.2% 190bp 40bp 150bp "Big 3" Segments Combined 43.6% 42.1% 150bp 20bp 130bp Reuters 20.4% 23.6% (320)bp (30)bp (290)bp Global Print 37.7% 36.2% 150bp 30bp 120bp Total Adjusted EBITDA Margin 39.2% 38.2% 100bp 20bp 80bp Operating expenses 4,578 4,471 2% - 2% Adjusted EPS $3.92 $3.77 4% - 4% Page 76 Thomson Reuters Annual Report 2025 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA Margin To compute segment and consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin, we exclude fair value adjustments related to acquired deferred revenue from our IFRS revenues. The chart below reconciles IFRS revenues to revenues used in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA margin, which excludes fair value adjustments related to acquired deferred revenue. (millions of U.S. dollars, except margins) IFRS revenues Remove fair value adjustments to acquired deferred revenue Revenues excluding fair value adjustments to acquired deferred revenue Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA margin Three months ended December 31, 2025 Legal Professionals 738 - 738 327 44.3% Corporates 496 - 496 160 32.2% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 414 - 414 222 53.6% "Big 3" Segments Combined 1,648 - 1,648 709 43.0% Reuters 232 - 232 48 21.0% Global Print 136 - 136 54 39.6% Eliminations/Rounding (7) - (7) – n/a Corporate costs – - – (34) n/a Consolidated totals 2,009 - 2,009 777 38.7% Year ended December 31, 2025 Legal Professionals 2,868 - 2,868 1,356 47.3% Corporates 1,987 - 1,987 716 36.0% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 1,302 20 1,322 623 47.1% "Big 3" Segments Combined 6,157 20 6,177 2,695 43.6% Reuters 853 - 853 174 20.4% Global Print 490 - 490 185 37.7% Eliminations/Rounding (24) - (24) - n/a Corporate costs - - - (118) n/a Consolidated totals 7,476 20 7,496 2,936 39.2% Three months ended December 31, 2024 Legal Professionals 729 - 729 299 41.0% Corporates 458 1 459 153 33.5% Tax, Audit & Accounting Professionals 366 -

[truncated]