BETA Close X Trifast PLC announced the appointment of Pooja Bagga as a Board Fellow, effective September 12, 2025, for a 12-month period. This marks the first year of Trifast's participation in the Board Fellow programme, supported by the Empowering People of Colour Network (EPOC). Bagga, currently the Group Chief Information Officer at the Guardian Media Group, brings expertise in AI, technology, and cyber. The Board Fellow programme aims to cultivate diverse Board talent by offering individuals boardroom experience and mentorship from Non-Executive Directors in a voluntary capacity. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 12 September 2025 12 September 2025 TRIFAST PLC Appointment of Board Fellow Trifast plc ('Trifast' or the 'Group', LSE: TRl.L), the international specialist in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings, today announces that Pooja Bagga has been appointed a Board Fellow with effect from 12 September 2025 for a period of 12 months. Pooja is currently the Group Chief Information Officer at the Guardian Media Group, having previously led technology teams at the Royal Mail. The Board Fellow programme aims to build a pipeline of diverse Board talent through inviting individuals to sit on the Board for a period of time in a voluntary capacity, experiencing Boardroom discussion and receiving mentoring from Non-Executive Directors. This is the first year of Trifast's participation in the programme and the Group was supported in the process by the Empowering People of Colour Network (EPOC). Serena Lang, Non-Executive Chair, commented, "Pooja brings considerable expertise and experience in the fields of AI, technology and cyber, and we are excited about the valuable contribution that she will make over her time at Trifast. We believe that the Board Fellow programme is important for the development of a diverse talent pipeline and we are pleased, with the support and assistance of EPOC, to have attracted someone of Pooja's calibre and talent in our first year of participating." Enquiries: Trifast plc Christopher Morgan, Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: companysecretariat@trifast.com Editors' notes This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and