BETA Close X Trifast plc announced that on 16 February 2026, Chief Executive Officer Iain Percival purchased 123,757 ordinary shares at a price of 80.00 pence each, increasing his beneficial interest to 521,031 ordinary shares. This transaction, executed on the London Stock Exchange, signifies a direct investment by senior management in the company's stock. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 17 February 2026 17 February 2026 Trifast plc (the "Company") Director/PDMR shareholding The Company announces that on 16 February 2026, Mr. Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer, purchased a total of 123,757 ordinary shares of 5 pence eac h in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") . Following this transaction, Mr. Percival has a beneficial interest of 521,031 Ordinary Shares in the Company. Enquiries: Trifast plc Christopher Morgan Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0) 1825 769696 Email : companysecretariat@trifast.com www.trifast.com The notifications below are made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Iain Percival 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Chief Executive Officer b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Trifast plc b. LEI 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each GB0008883927 b. Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares by Iain Percival c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 80.00p 123,757 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price 123,757 80.00p e. Date of the transactions 16 February 2026 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Bunzl 3 hours ago Diageo 3 hours ago Diageo 4 hours ago Alliance Witan 4 hours ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and