BETA Close X Trifast PLC's trading during the first four months of FY26 has aligned with board expectations, consistent with the full-year results reported in July 2025. The company is navigating macroeconomic headwinds through its global footprint and strategic positioning. Trifast remains focused on margin improvement through its Recover, Rebuild, Resilience strategy and is confident in achieving its medium-term ambitions, including an EBIT margin target of greater than 10%. The Group plans to release its Half Year results for the six-month period ending September 30, 2025, on November 18, 2025. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 11 September 2025 11 September 2025 TRIFAST PLC AGM Trading Update Performance in line with expectations, driven by margin recovery and progress on our medium-term Recover, Rebuild, Resilience strategy Trifast plc ('Trifast' or the 'Group', LSE: TRl.L), the international specialist in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings, provide a trading update in advance of the Group's Annual General Meeting on 11 September 2025. Trading in the first four months of the current financial year (FY26) has been in line with the Board's expectations and consistent with that reported at our Full Year results in July 2025. Macroeconomic headwinds remain, impacting certain industrial markets, but Trifast has built-in resilience to help counter this through our global manufacturing footprint, engineering expertise and exposure to growing end-markets, as well as our critical position in customers' supply chains and the support we provide to help them navigate the current environment. Our focus remains on the self-help levers to deliver further margin improvement as we transform our business into an efficient, professional and data-led organisation. The success to date of our Recover, Rebuild, Resilience turnaround strategy gives the Board confidence that we will be able to deliver our objectives of margin growth and improved cash generation despite the industrial backdrop. Today, Trifast is a leaner, more focused and better business. Whilst there is more to accomplish, we are excited about the future potential of the business as we look to the next chapter of its growth. Looking ahead, despite continuing external market challenges, we remain confident in delivering our medium-term ambitions, including an EBIT margin target of >10%. The Group expects to release Half Year results for the six-month period ending 30 September 2025 on 18 November 2025. 2025 Annual General Meeting Results presentation An in-person and virtual AGM for shareholders will be held at 1200hrs today at the office of Peel Hunt, 100 Liverpool Street, London EC2M 2AT. The Company will be hosting the Annual General Meeting via the Investor Meet Company platform on 11 September 2025 at 1200hrs. To register for the presentation, please use this link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/trifast-plc/register This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via the Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Enquiries: Trifast plc Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer Kate Ferguson, Chief Financial Officer Christopher Morgan, Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: companysecretariat@trifast.com Peel Hunt LLP ( Stockbroker & financial adviser) Mike Bell Charlotte Sutcliffe Tel: +44 (0)20 7418 8900 Editors' notes About Trifast plc (LSE Main listing: symbol: TRI) In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.65 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. For more information, visit: TRIFAST PLC TRI Stock | London Stock Exchange website: www.trifast.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/tr-fastenings X: www.x.com/trfastenings Facebook: www.facebook.com/trfastenings Note Trifast, TR and TR Fastenings are registered trademarks of the Company LEI number: 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago Ninety One 58 minutes ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and