BETA Close X On October 3, 2025, investment vehicles connected to Trifast PLC Director Nicholas Mills purchased 5,000 ordinary shares at 71.75p per share. Following this transaction, Nicholas Mills' total interest in the company amounts to 22,150,000 ordinary shares. This represents 16.27% of Trifast PLC's issued share capital. The share purchase was executed on the London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON). Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 07 October 2025 Tuesday 7 October 2025 Trifast plc (the "Company") Director/PDMR shareholding The Company confirms that certain investment vehicles connected with Nicholas Mills, a Director of the Company, purchased 5000 Ordinary Shares at a price of 71.75p on 3 October 2025. Following this purchase, Nicholas Mills and the investment vehicles connected with him are interested in 22,150,000 Ordinary Shares, representing 16.27% of the Company's issued share capital. Enquiries: Trifast plc Christopher Morgan Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0) 1825 769696 www.trifast.com The notification below is made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Harwood Capital LLP, PCA to Nicholas Mills 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status PCA to PDMR b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Trifast plc b. LEI 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each GB0008883927 b. Nature of the transaction Share purchase c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 71.75 5000 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price 5000 71.75p e. Date of the transaction 3 October 2025 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Bunzl 2 hours ago Diageo 2 hours ago Diageo 2 hours ago Alliance Witan 3 hours ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and