Trading Update & Notice of FY25 Annual Results Trifast PLC 30 April 2025 3 30 April 2025 TRIFAST PLC Trading Update & Notice of FY25 Annual Results Full year performance in line with profit expectations and on track with our medium-term Recover, Rebuild, Resilience strategy Trifast plc ('Trifast' or the 'Group', LSE: TRl.L), the international specialist in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings, today announces an unaudited Trading Update for the year ended 31 March 2025 ('FY25'), ahead of the publication of its final results in July 2025. Trading Update The Group is pleased to report that it delivered a strong performance, underpinned by continued focus on its strategic self-help initiatives. The Group expects to report revenues for FY25 of £223.0m, with adjusted EBIT in line with expectations 1 at approximately £14.8m, which represents an improving margin of c.6.6%. The Group achieved its targeted cost savings for FY25 of c.£3.0m, with further initiatives identified which will drive incremental benefits in FY26 and beyond. The balance sheet has continued to strengthen through disciplined and focused actions on working capital and cash generation, resulting in a net debt to EBITDA ratio of circa 1.0x at the year end. Whilst the macroeconomic backdrop is evolving and remains uncertain, we are confident of delivering further performance improvement through management actions and remain well positioned for growth within our target sectors. As a result, we are confident in the fundamentals of our business model and in our ability to deliver against our medium-term margin and returns targets 2 . The recent tariff changes have significantly impacted global market dynamics, leading to increased volatility, heightened trade tensions, and economic uncertainty. These changes have particularly affected industries such as automotive and manufacturing, prompting companies to reassess their strategies. Our geographic diversification and global manufacturing footprint ensure that we have a highly resilient platform, well-positioned to support our customers who may be cautious about making short-term supply decisions. We have informed our customers that we intend to pass through the incremental costs resulting from tariff changes and will work closely with them to navigate these challenges, ensuring the protection of their supply chain and continuity of supply. We believe that our robust positioning and the critical role our components play within complex supply chains will enable us to minimise any adverse impact on shareholder value. Notice of FY25 Annual Results We expect to announce FY25 Annual Results in July 2025. Iain Percival, CEO of Trifast, said: " We have delivered the first stage of our Recover, Rebuild, Resilience transformation through significant organisational change and strategic self-help actions. The balance sheet is in good shape, margins are steadily improving, and new business is being won in our targeted high-growth sectors. We remain ever mindful of the evolving backdrop but are confident that through our own actions we can deliver increasing profits. This would not have been possible without the support of our excellent employees to whom I am extremely grateful." Notes: 1 Consensus forecasts for FY25 prior to this announcement were: revenue of £234.5m, adjusted EBIT of £14.6m, and adjusted PBT of £10.2m 2 Medium-term margin and returns targets are EBIT margin (CER) of >10% and underlying ROCE of >12% This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via the Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Enquiries: Trifast plc Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer Kate Ferguson, Chief Financial Officer Christopher Morgan Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: companysecretariat@trifast.com Peel Hunt LLP ( Stockbroker & financial adviser) Mike Bell Charlotte Sutcliffe Tel: +44 (0)20 7418 8900 Editors' notes About Trifast In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.70 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 46 minutes ago Ninety One 57 minutes ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and