Notice of Results Trifast PLC 27 June 2025 27th June 2025 LEI number: 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 TRIFAST PLC ('Trifast', or the 'Group') Notice of FY25 Annual results and AGM London, 27th June 2025: Trifast plc (LSE: TRI.L) , the international specialist in the design, engineering, manufacture and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings is scheduled to release the Group's annual results for the year ended 31st March 2025 on 10th July 2025. A timetable of events relating to these results is as follows:- FY25 results announcement via RNS 07.00hrs, 10th July 2025 Publication of the 2025 Annual results & financial statements (available on the Group's website) 10th July 2025 Distribution of the Financial statements, Notice of Meeting and Form of proxy to shareholders 16th July 2025 Annual General Meeting 11th September 2025 Enquiries please contact: Trifast plc Christopher Morgan, Group Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: companysecretariat@trifast.com Investor website: www.trifast.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 59 minutes ago Ninety One 1 hour ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and