BETA Close X Trifast PLC has confirmed the timetable for its proposed final dividend of 1.30p per ordinary share for the year ending 31 March 2026, subject to shareholder approval at the AGM on 8 September 2026. The ex-dividend date is set for 10 September 2026, with a record date of 11 September 2026, and the payment date scheduled for 9 October 2026. Shareholders will continue to have the option to reinvest their cash dividends through the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 27 August 2026 27 August 2026 TRIFAST PLC ("Trifast" or the "Company") Confirmation of final dividend timetable Further to the FY26 results announcement made by the Company on 2 July 2026, the Company confirms the final dividend timetable which was set out in the Annual Report and Accounts. In respect of the proposed final dividend of 1.30p per ordinary share for the year ending 31 March 2026, the following timetable will apply, subject to shareholder approval of the dividend at the Company's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") on 8 September 2026. Ex-dividend date: 10 September 2026 Record date: 11 September 2026 Payment date: 9 October 2026 The Company will continue to offer shareholders the opportunity to use the cash dividend paid to purchase shares through its Dividend Reinvestment Plan ('DRIP'). As advised in the Notice of Meeting, the Company's AGM will be held at 12.00 noon on 8 September 2026 at OSiT Office, 46 New Broad Street, London, EC2M 1JH. Any shareholder who is unable to physically attend the AGM will be able to follow the proceedings online via the Engage Investor platform. Please register with Engage Investor in advance at: https://www.engageinvestor.com . Enquiries: Trifast plc Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer Kate Ferguson, Chief Financial Officer Christopher Morgan FCG, Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: companysecretariat@trifast.com Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) Sara Hale Graham Hertrich Dan Ingram Tel: +44 (0) 207 496 3000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Harry Nicholas Ciaran Walsh Christopher Whitaker Tel +44 (0) 203 207 7800 IFC Advisory (Financial PR & IR) Graham Herring Tim Metcalfe Zach Cohen Tel: +44 (0) 203 934 6632 Editors' notes About Trifast plc (LSE Main listing: symbol: TRI) In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.65 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management, and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. For more information, visit: TRIFAST PLC TRI Stock | London Stock Exchange website: www.trifast.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/tr-fastenings Trifast, TR and TR Fastenings are registered trademarks of the Company LEI number: 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 30 seconds ago Bunzl 24 minutes ago Diageo 25 minutes ago Diageo 1 hour ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and