BETA Close X Trifast plc announced that trading for the current financial year remains in line with market expectations, with consensus forecasts for the year ending March 31, 2027, indicating revenue of £214 million and adjusted EBIT of £18.6 million, despite macroeconomic challenges impacting its North America auto business. The company is focused on its strategic priorities of margin improvement, cash generation, and cost control, expressing confidence in its medium-term prospects under its Recover, Rebuild, Resilience strategy. A further update is expected on October 20, 2026, with interim results for the six months ending September 30, 2026, due in November 2026. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 08 September 2026 8 September 2026 TRIFAST PLC AGM Trading Update Trading in line with market expectations Trifast plc ('Trifast' or the 'Group', LSE: TRI.L), the international specialist in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings, provides a trading update in advance of the Group's Annual General Meeting being held later today. Trading in the current financial year remains in line with market expectations*, notwithstanding a challenging macroeconomic backdrop, which continues to affect the Group's North America auto's business in particular, reflecting the Group's increasing exposure to higher growth areas and geographies. The Group remains focused on execution of its strategic priorities, continued margin improvement and cash generation, while maintaining close control of costs. The Board remains confident in the Group's medium-term prospects and in the continued progress being made under its Recover, Rebuild, Resilience strategy. A further update will be provided in the Group's pre-close half year results trading update expected to be released on 20 October 2026. The Group expects to release its interim results for the six months ending 30 September 2026 in November 2026. * In so far as the Company is aware, as at 7 September 2026, consensus market expectations for the year ending 31 March 2027 were for revenue of £214m, and adjusted EBIT of £18.6m . The consensus is calculated by reference to the median of the estimates provided by Berenberg and Singer Capital Markets. These estimates are analysts' forecasts and are not produced or endorsed by Trifast. 2026 Annual General Meeting The in-person and virtual AGM for shareholders will be held at OSiT, 46 New Broad Street, London EC2M 1JH later today, 8 September 2026, at 12:00pm. Any shareholders who are unable to physically attend the AGM will be able to follow the proceedings online via the Engage Investor platform. Shareholders that wish to view the AGM remotely should register for the event in advance via the following link: https://engageinvestor.news/TRI_IP26 . This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement via the Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Enquiries: Trifast plc Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer Kate Ferguson, Chief Financial Officer Christopher Morgan FCG, Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: companysecretariat@trifast.com Singer Capital Markets (Joint Broker) Sara Hale Graham Hertrich Dan Ingram Tel: +44 (0) 207 496 3000 Berenberg (Joint Broker) Harry Nicholas Ciaran Walsh Christopher Whitaker Tel +44 (0) 203 207 7800 IFC Advisory (Financial PR & IR) Graham Herring Tim Metcalfe Zach Cohen Tel: +44 (0) 203 934 6632 Editors' notes ​ About Trifast plc (LSE Main listing: symbol: TRI) In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from across key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.65 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management, and global logistics. We have defined a clear purpose and vision: To sustainably drive our customers' success by simplifying their fastener supply chain and supporting them in their technical requirements through our world-class engineering and manufacturing capabilities. For more information, visit: TRIFAST PLC TRI Stock | London Stock Exchange website: www.trifast.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/tr-fastenings X: www.x.com/trfastenings Facebook: www.facebook.com/trfastenings Note Trifast, TR and TR Fastenings are registered trademarks of the Company LEI number: 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 14 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo 16 hours ago Alliance Witan All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and