BETA Close X Trifast plc has issued a trading update for the third quarter ended 31 December 2025, confirming that the Group remains on track to deliver full-year results in line with market expectations, which prior to this announcement were for revenue of £214.0m, underlying EBIT of £16.0m, and underlying PBT of £11.6m. Despite challenging trading conditions, the company is confident in its ability to achieve double-digit EBIT margins in the medium-term by focusing on internal operational improvements. A more comprehensive update on performance is scheduled for late April 2026. Disclaimer* Trifast PLC 12 February 2026 12 February 2026 Trifast plc (LSE: Main Market symbol: TRI) Trading update for the third quarter ended 31 December 2025 Trifast today provides the following statement for the third quarter ended 31 December 2025. Trading update The Group remains on track to deliver FY26 results in line with market expectations 1 against a backdrop of continued challenging trading conditions. As noted in our Half Year results in November, our focus remains on the self-help levers within our control, and we remain confident in delivering on our key strategic objective of achieving double-digit EBIT margins in the medium-term. The Group will provide a comprehensive update on performance in its year-end pre-close trading statement, scheduled for late April 2026, ahead of the announcement of our annual results in July 2026. Notes: 1 Consensus forecasts for FY26 prior to this announcement were revenue of £214.0m, underlying EBIT of £16.0m and underlying PBT of £11.6m.Consensus is calculated by reference to the average of the estimates published by three analysts. Enquiries please contact: Trifast plc Iain Percival, Chief Executive Officer Kate Ferguson, Chief Financial Officer Christopher Morgan, Company Secretary Office: +44 (0) 1825 747630 Email: corporate.enquiries@trifast.com Shareholders: companysecretariat@trifast.com Peel Hunt LLP ( Stockbroker & financial adviser) Mike Bell Tel: +44 (0)20 7418 8900 Editors' notes About Trifast plc (TR) (LSE Main listing: symbol: TRI) In 2023, TR celebrated 50 years of business with a proud heritage of serving customers with engineered fastening supply chain solutions. Specialising in the design, engineering, manufacture, and distribution of high-quality engineered fastenings and Category 'C' components principally for major global assembly industries. As an international business we can provide customer support from key regions in the UK & Ireland, Asia, Europe, and North America. In addition to our service locations, we operate manufacturing facilities focused on high volume cold forged fasteners and special parts. We have also established Engineering & innovation centres to support R&D and customer collaboration across the world. The Group supplies to customers in c.65 countries across a wide range of industries, including Automotive, Smart Infrastructure and Medical Equipment. As a full-service provider to multinational OEMs and Tier 1 companies spanning several sectors, we deliver comprehensive support to our customers across every requirement, from concept design through to technical engineering consultancy, manufacturing, supply management and global logistics. For more information, visit: TRIFAST PLC TRI Stock | London Stock Exchange website: www.trifast.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/tr-fastenings X: www.x.com/trfastenings Facebook: www.facebook.com/trfastenings Trifast, TR and TR Fastenings are registered trademarks of the Company LEI number: 213800WFIVE6RWK3CR22 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Trifast (TRI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Ninety One 58 minutes ago Moneysupermarket.com Group 1 hour ago BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust 2 hours ago Rathbones Group 3 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and