TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PARTIES 1 RECITALS OF THE COMPANY AND THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 1 ARTICLE ONE DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION SECTION 101. Definitions. 2 “A&R Indenture” 3 “Act” 3 “Additional Amounts” 3 “Affiliate” 3 “Authenticating Agent” 3 “Authorized Newspaper” 3 “Bearer Security” 3 “Benefited Party” 3 “Board of Directors” 3 “Board Resolution” 4 “branch register” 4 “branch security registrar” 4 “Business Day” 4 “Canadian Trustee” 4 “Central Register” 4 “Central Security Registrar” 4 “Clearstream” 4 “Commission” 4 “Common Depositary” 4 “Company” 4 “Company Request” or “Company Order” 4 “Component Currency” 4 “Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity” 4 “Conversion Date” 5 “Conversion Event” 5 “Corporate Trust Office” 5 “corporation” 5 “covenant defeasance” 5 “Currency” 5 “Debt” 5 “Default” 5 “Defaulted Interest” 5 “defeasance” 5 “Depositary” 5 “Dollar” or “$” 5 “Dollar Equivalent of the Currency Unit” 6 “Dollar Equivalent of the Foreign Currency” 6 “Election Date” 6 “Euro” 6 “Euroclear” 6 “Event of Default” 6 “Exchange Date” 6 “Exchange Rate Agent” 6 “Exchange Rate Officer’s Certificate” 6 “Extension Notice” 6 “Extension Period” 6 “First Currency” 6 “Foreign Currency” 6 “Funded Obligation” 6 “GAAP” 6 “Government Obligations” 7 “Guarantee” 7 “Guaranteed Obligations” 7 “Holder” 7 “Indenture” 7 “Indexed Security” 7 “interest” 7 “Interest Payment Date” 8 “Judgment Currency” 8 “Lien” 8 “mandatory sinking fund payment” 8 “Market Exchange Rate” 8 “Material Subsidiary” 8 “Maturity” 9 “Officer’s Certificate” 9 “Opinion of Counsel” 9 “Optional Reset Date” 9 “optional sinking fund payment” 9 “Original Indenture” 9 “Original Issue Discount Security” 9 “Original Stated Maturity” 9 “Other Currency” 9 “Outstanding” 9 “pari passu” 10 “Paying Agent” 10 “Person” 11 “Place of Payment” 11 “Predecessor Security” 11 “Privacy Laws” 11 “Redemption Date” 11 “Redemption Price” 11 “Registered Security” 11 “Regular Record Date” 11 “Repayment Date” 11 “Repayment Price” 11 “Required Currency” 11 “Reset Notice” 11 “Responsible Officer” 11 “Secretary” 12 “Securities” 12 “Security Interest” 12 “Security Register” 12 A “series” 12 “Special Record Date” 12 “Specified Amount” 12 “Stated Maturity” 12 “Subsequent Interest Period” 12 “Subsidiary” 12 “Thomson Reuters Applications” 12 “Thomson Reuters (Tax & Accounting)” 13 “Taxes” 13 “Trust Indenture Act” or “TIA” 13 “Trust Indenture Legislation” 13 “Trustee” 13 “U.S. Trustee” 13 “United States” 13 “Valuation Date” 13 “Vice President” 13 “Voting Stock/Interests” 13 “West Publishing” 14 “Yield to Maturity” 14 SECTION 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions 14 SECTION 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 14 SECTION 104. Acts of Holders 15 SECTION 105. Notices, etc. to Trustee, Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors 16 SECTION 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver 17 SECTION 107. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 19 SECTION 108. Successors and Assigns 19 SECTION 109. Separability Clause 19 SECTION 110. Benefits of Indenture 19 SECTION 111. Governing Law 19 SECTION 112. Legal Holidays 19 SECTION 113. Agent for Service; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunities 20 SECTION 114. Conversion of Currency 20 SECTION 115. Currency Equivalent 22 SECTION 116. Securities in a Foreign Currency or in Euros 22 SECTION 117. Conflict with Trust Indenture Legislation 22 SECTION 118. Language Clause 22 SECTION 119. Shareholders, Officers and Directors Exempt from Individual Liability 22 SECTION 120. Amendment and Restatement 23 ARTICLE TWO SECURITIES FORMS SECTION 201. Forms Generally 23 SECTION 202. Form of Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication 24 SECTION 203. Securities Issuable in Global Form 24 ARTICLE THREE THE SECURITIES SECTION 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series 25 SECTION 302. Denominations 29 SECTION 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 29 SECTION 304. Temporary Securities 31 SECTION 305. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 34 SECTION 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 38 SECTION 307. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved; Optional Interest Reset 39 SECTION 308. Optional Extension of Stated Maturity 41 SECTION 309. Persons Deemed Owners 42 SECTION 310. Cancellation 43 SECTION 311. Computation of Interest 43 SECTION 312. Currency and Manner of Payments in Respect of Securities 43 SECTION 313. Appointment and Resignation of Successor Exchange Rate Agent 47 ARTICLE FOUR SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE SECTION 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 47 SECTION 402. Application of Trust Money 49 ARTICLE FIVE REMEDIES SECTION 501. Events of Default 49 SECTION 502. Notice of Defaults 50 SECTION 503. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 51 SECTION 504. Collection of Debt and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 52 SECTION 505. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 53 SECTION 506. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities 54 SECTION 507. Application of Money Collected 54 SECTION 508. Limitation on Suits 54 SECTION 509. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest 55 SECTION 510. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 56 SECTION 511. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 56 SECTION 512. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 56 SECTION 513. Control by Holders 56 SECTION 514. Waiver of Past Defaults 57 SECTION 515. Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 57 ARTICLE SIX THE TRUSTEE SECTION 601. Certain Duties, Rights and Responsibilities of Trustee 57 SECTION 602. Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities 60 SECTION 603. May Hold Securities 60 SECTION 604. Money Held in Trust 60 SECTION 605. Compensation and Reimbursement 60 SECTION 606. Conflict of Interest 61 SECTION 607. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility 62 SECTION 608. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor 62 SECTION 609. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 63 SECTION 610. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 64 SECTION 611. Appointment of Authenticating Agent 65 SECTION 612. Acceptance of Trust 66 SECTION 613. Trustee Not Required to Give Security 66 SECTION 614. Trustee Not Required to Possess Securities 67 SECTION 615. Protection of Trustee 67 SECTION 616. Laundering and Legislation Compliance 67 SECTION 617. Third Party Interests 67 SECTION 618. Privacy Laws 68 ARTICLE SEVEN HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY SECTION 701. SECTION 701. Disclosure of Names and Addresses of Holders 68 SECTION 702. Reports by the Company 69 ARTICLE EIGHT CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE, TRANSFER OR LEASE SECTION 801. Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms 69 SECTION 802. Successor Person Substituted 70 SECTION 803. Securities to Be Secured in Certain Events 70 ARTICLE NINE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES SECTION 901. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 71 SECTION 902. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 73 SECTION 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures 74 SECTION 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 74 SECTION 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Legislation 74 SECTION 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures 75 SECTION 907. Notice of Supplemental Indentures 75 ARTICLE TEN COVENANTS SECTION 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest 75 SECTION 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency 75 SECTION 1003. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust 77 SECTION 1004. Statement as to Compliance 78 SECTION 1005. Additional Amounts 78 SECTION 1006. Corporate Existence; To Carry on Business 80 SECTION 1007. Negative Pledge 80 SECTION 1008. Waiver of Certain Covenants 81 ARTICLE ELEVEN REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES SECTION 1101. Applicability of Article 82 SECTION 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee 82 SECTION 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed 82 SECTION 1104. Notice of Redemption 83 SECTION 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price 84 SECTION 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date 84 SECTION 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part 85 SECTION 1108. Tax Redemption 85 ARTICLE TWELVE SINKING FUNDS SECTION 1201. Applicability of Article 86 SECTION 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 86 SECTION 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 87 ARTICLE THIRTEEN REPAYMENT AT OPTION OF HOLDERS SECTION 1301. Applicability of Article 88 SECTION 1302. Repayment of Securities 88 SECTION 1303. Exercise of Option 88 SECTION 1304. When Securities Presented for Repayment Become Due and Payable 89 SECTION 1305. Securities Repaid in Part 90 ARTICLE FOURTEEN DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE SECTION 1401. Company’s Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 90 SECTION 1402. Defeasance and Discharge 90 SECTION 1403. Covenant Defeasance 91 SECTION 1404. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 91 SECTION 1405. Deposited Money and Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 93 SECTION 1406. Reinstatement 94 ARTICLE FIFTEEN SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES SECTION 1501. Subsidiary Guarantees 95 SECTION 1502. Limitation on Subsidiary Guarantor Liability 97 SECTION 1503. Evidence of Subsidiary Guarantee 97 SECTION 1504. Releases Following Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets, Etc. 98 ARTICLE SIXTEEN MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF SECURITIES SECTION 1601. Purposes for Which Meetings May Be Called 98 SECTION 1602. Call, Notice and Place of Meetings 99 SECTION 1603. Persons Entitled to Vote at Meetings 99 SECTION 1604. Quorum; Action 99 SECTION 1605. Determination of Voting Rights; Conduct and Adjournment of Meetings 101 SECTION 1606. Counting Votes and Recording Action of Meetings 102 TESTIMONIUM 103 SIGNATURES AND SEALS 103 EXHIBIT A FORMS OF CERTIFICATION 1 1 PARTIES This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED INDENTURE is dated as of March 20, 2025 and is entered into between THOMSON REUTERS CORPORATION, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada (herein called the “ Company ”), having its principal office at 19 Duncan Street, Toronto, Ontario M5H 3H1, Canada, West Publishing Corporation, a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Minnesota (herein called “ West Publishing ”), having its principal office at 2900 Ames Crossing Road, Suite 100, Eagan, Minnesota 55121, United States, Thomson Reuters Applications Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called “ Thomson Reuters Applications ”), having its principal office at 2900 Ames Crossing Road, Suite 100, Eagan, Minnesota 55121, United States, Thomson Reuters (Tax & Accounting) Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Texas (herein called “ Thomson Reuters (Tax & Accounting) ” and together, with West Publishing and Thomson Reuters Applications, the “ Subsidiary Guarantors ”), having its principal office at 6160 Warren Parkway, Suite 700, Frisco, Texas 75034, United States, Computershare Trust Company of Canada, a trust company incorporated under the laws of Canada, as trustee (herein called the “ Canadian Trustee ”), having its principal office at 100 University Avenue, 8 th Floor, North Tower, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1, Canada, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (herein called the “ U.S. Trustee ”), having its principal office at Trust & Agency Services, 1 Columbus Circle, Mail Stop NYC01-0417, 10019-8735 New York, New York 10019, United States. The Canadian Trustee and the U.S. Trustee are also individually referred to in this Indenture as a “Trustee”. RECITALS OF THE COMPANY AND THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS The Company and the Canadian Trustee entered into a trust indenture dated as of November 20, 2001 (the “ Original Indenture ”) providing for the creation and issuance from time to time of one or more series of the Company’s unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein called the “ Securities ”), which may be convertible into or exchangeable for any securities of any person (including the Company), to be issued in one or more series as provided therein. The Company, the Canadian Trustee and the U.S. Trustee entered into an amended and restated indenture dated as of December 20, 2010 (the “ A&R Indenture ”) to, among other things, reflect certain amendments made to the Original Indenture pursuant to the eighth supplemental indenture dated September 20, 2005 and the eleventh supplemental indenture dated May 29, 2008 and add alternative methods to deliver and receive notices and reports under the Indenture. On March 20, 2025, the Company, the Canadian Trustee and the U.S. Trustee entered into that certain tenth supplemental indenture (the “ Tenth Supplemental Indenture ”) to, among other things, effect certain amendments to the A&R Indenture solely with respect to the following series of Securities: 3.35% Notes due 2026, 5.50% Debentures due 2035, 5.85% Notes due 2040, 4.50% Notes due 2043 and 5.65% Notes due 2043 (collectively, the “ Amended Notes ”). 2 The Company, the Canadian Trustee and the U.S. Trustee, together with the Subsidiary Guarantors, desire to amend and restate the A&R Indenture to reflect the terms and conditions upon which the Subsidiary Guarantors will provide a full and unconditional guarantee of the Securities. Section 901(9) of the A&R Indenture provides that the Company, the Canadian Trustee and the U.S. Trustee may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the A&R Indenture to make certain provisions with respect to matters arising under the A&R Indenture, provided that such action does not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of any series and any related coupons in any material respect. The proposed amendments in this Indenture do not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of any series and any related coupons in any material respect. The Company, the Canadian Trustee and the U.S. Trustee, together with the Subsidiary Guarantors, desire to amend and restate the A&R Indenture in it entirety to reflect the proposed amendments and, upon becoming effective, this Indenture shall apply to all of the Securities Outstanding as of the date hereof. This Indenture is subject to and shall be governed by the applicable provisions of the Trust Indenture Legislation. All things necessary to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, in accordance with its terms, have been done. The foregoing recitals are made as representations and statements of fact by the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors and not by the Canadian Trustee or the U.S. Trustee. NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH: For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of series thereof, as follows: ARTICLE ONE DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION SECTION 101. Definitions. For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires: (1) the terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular; 3 (2) all other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein, and the terms “cash transaction” and “ paper”, as used in TIA Section 311, shall have the meanings assigned to them in the rules of the Commission adopted under the Trust Indenture Act; (3) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and, except as otherwise herein expressly provided, the term “generally accepted accounting principles” with respect to any computation required or permitted hereunder shall mean such accounting principles as are generally accepted at the date of such computation; and (4) the words “herein”, “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. Certain terms, used principally in Article Three, are defined in that Article. “ A&R Indenture ” has the meaning specified in the preamble. “ Act ”, when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 104. “ Additional Amounts ” has the meaning specified in Section 1005. “ Affiliate ” of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing. “ Authenticating Agent ” means any Person appointed by the Trustee to act on behalf of the Trustee pursuant to Section 611 to authenticate Securities. “ Authorized Newspaper ” means a newspaper, in the English language or in an official language of the country of publication, customarily published on each Business Day, whether or not published on Saturdays, Sundays or holidays, and of general circulation in each place in connection with which the term is used or in the financial community of each such place. Where successive publications are required to be made in Authorized Newspapers, the successive publications may be made in the same or in different newspapers in the same city meeting the foregoing requirements and in each case on any Business Day. “ Bearer Security ” means any Security except a Registered Security. “ Benefited Party ” has the meaning specified in Section 1501. “ Board of Directors ” means either the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that board. 4 “ Board Resolution ” means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification and delivered to the Trustee. “ branch register ” has the meaning specified in Section 305. “ branch security registrar ” has the meaning specified in Section 305. “ Business Day ”, when used with respect to any Place of Payment or any other location referred to in this Indenture, expressly or impliedly, which shall include Toronto, Ontario, New York, New York and London England, hereunder, or in the Securities, means, unless otherwise specified with respect to any Securities pursuant to Section 301, each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day on which banking institutions in that Place of Payment or other such location are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. “ Canadian Trustee ” means the Person named as the “Canadian Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Canadian Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Canadian Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder. “ Central Register ” has the meaning specified in Section 305. “ Central Security Registrar ” has the meaning specified in Section 305. “ Clearstream ” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, or its successor. “ Commission ” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or, if at any time after the execution of this Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time. “ Common Depositary ” has the meaning specified in Section 304. “ Company ” means the Person named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Company” shall mean such successor Person. “ Company Request ” or “ Company Order ” means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by its Chairman, its Deputy Chairman, President or a Vice President, and by its Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary and delivered to the Trustee. “ Component Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 312. “ Consolidated Shareholders ’ Equity ” means the aggregate of the stated capital accounts for all outstanding shares of the Company and the amount of consolidated surplus of the Company and its Subsidiaries, whether paid in, earned, or otherwise arrived at, as such consolidated surplus is shown on the then most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company but, in any event, as of a date within 150 days of the date of determination, and computed in accordance with GAAP. 5 “ Conversion Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 312(d). “ Conversion Event ” means the cessation of use of (i) a Foreign Currency (other than the Euro or other Currency unit) both by the government of the country which issued such Currency and by a central bank or other public institution of or within the international banking community for the settlement of transactions, (ii) the Euro or (iii) any Currency unit (or composite Currency) other than the Euro for the purposes for which it was established. “ Corporate Trust Office ” means the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee, at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office on the date of execution of this Indenture is the applicable address specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture, except that with respect to presentation of Securities for payment or for registration of transfer or exchange, such term shall mean the office or agency of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, its corporate agency business shall be conducted. “ corporation ” includes corporations, associations, companies and business trusts. “coupon” means any interest coupon appertaining to a Bearer Security. “ covenant defeasance ” has the meaning specified in Section 1403. “ Currency ” means any currency or currencies, composite currency or currency unit or currency units, including, without limitation, the Euro, issued by the government of one or more countries or by any recognized confederation or association of such governments. “ Debt ” means notes, bonds, debentures or other similar evidences of indebtedness for money borrowed. “ Default ” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default with respect to Securities of a certain series. “ Defaulted Interest ” has the meaning specified in Section 307. “ defeasance ” has the meaning specified in Section 1402. “ Depositary ” means with respect to the Securities of any series issuable or issued in the form of one or more Registered Securities, the Person designated as Depositary by the Company pursuant to Section 305 until a successor Depositary shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Depositary” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Depositary hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Depositary” as used with respect to the Securities of any such series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Registered Securities of that series. “ Dollar ” or “ $ ” means a dollar or other equivalent unit in such coin or Currency of the United States of America as at the time shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private debts. 6 “ Dollar Equivalent of the Currency Unit ” has the meaning specified in Section 312(g). “ Dollar Equivalent of the Foreign Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 312(f). “ Election Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 312(h). “ Euro ” means the single Currency of the participating member states from time to time of the European Union described in legislation of the European Counsel for the Operation of a single unified European Currency (whether known as the Euro or otherwise). “ Euroclear ” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., or its successor as operator of the Euroclear System. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning specified in Section 501. “ Exchange Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 304. “ Exchange Rate Agent ” means, with respect to Securities of or within any series, unless otherwise specified with respect to any Securities pursuant to Section 301, a New York Clearing House bank, designated pursuant to Section 301 or Section 313. “ Exchange Rate Officer ’ s Certificate ” means a tested telex or a certificate setting forth (i) the applicable Market Exchange Rate and (ii) the Dollar or Foreign Currency amounts of principal (and premium, if any) and interest, if any (on an aggregate basis and on the basis of a Security having the lowest denomination principal amount determined in accordance with Section 302 in the relevant Currency), payable with respect to a Security of any series on the basis of such Market Exchange Rate, sent (in the case of a telex) or signed (in the case of a certificate) by the Treasurer, any Vice President or any Assistant Treasurer of the Company. “ Extension Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 308. “ Extension Period ” has the meaning specified in Section 308. “ First Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 115. “ Foreign Currency ” means any Currency other than Currency of the United States. “ Funded Obligation ” means any Debt, the principal amount of which by its terms is not payable on demand and the due date of payment of which, after giving effect to any right of extension or renewal exercisable unilaterally on the part of the obligor, is more than 18 months from the date of the creation, issue or incurring of the same. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles which are in effect from time to time in Canada (or, if the Corporation hereafter determines to prepare its principal consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles which are in effect from time to time in the United States, such principles). 7 “ Government Obligations ” means, unless otherwise specified with respect to any series of Securities pursuant to Section 301, securities which are (i) direct obligations of the government which issued the Currency in which the Securities of a particular series are payable or (ii) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the government which issued the Currency in which the Securities of such series are payable, the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed by such government, which, in either case, are full faith and credit obligations of such government payable in such Currency and are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such Government Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of any such Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depository receipt; provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Obligation or the specific payment of interest or principal of the Government Obligation evidenced by such depository receipt. “ Guarantee ” means any guarantee, indemnity or similar obligation. “ Guaranteed Obligations ” has the meaning specified in Section 1501. “ Holder ” means, in the case of a Registered Security, the Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register and, in the case of a Bearer Security, the bearer thereof and, when used with respect to any coupon, shall mean the bearer thereof. “ Indenture ” means this instrument as originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, and shall include the terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated by Section 301; provided, however, that, if at any time more than one Person is acting as Trustee under this instrument, “Indenture” shall mean, with respect to any one or more series of Securities for which such Person is Trustee, this instrument as originally executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof and shall include the terms of particular series of Securities for which such Person is Trustee established as contemplated by Section 301, exclusive, however, of any provisions or terms which relate solely to other series of Securities for which such Person is not Trustee, regardless of when such terms or provisions were adopted, and exclusive of any provisions or terms adopted by means of one or more indentures supplemental hereto executed and delivered after such Person had become such Trustee but to which such Person, as such Trustee, was not a party. “ Indexed Security ” means a Security the terms of which provide that the principal amount thereof payable at Stated Maturity may be more or less than the principal face amount thereof at original issuance. “ interest ”, when used with respect to an Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity at the rate prescribed in such Original Issue Discount Security. 8 “ Interest Payment Date ”, when used with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security. “ Judgment Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 114. “ Lien ” means, with respect to any properties or assets, any mortgage or deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, lien, charge, encumbrance, preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever on or with respect to such properties or assets (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). “ mandatory sinking fund payment ” has the meaning specified in Section 1201. “ Market Exchange Rate ” means, unless otherwise specified with respect to any Securities pursuant to Section 301, (i) for any conversion involving a Currency unit on the one hand and Dollars or any Foreign Currency on the other, the exchange rate between the relevant Currency unit and Dollars or such Foreign Currency calculated by the method specified pursuant to Section 301 for the Securities of the relevant series, (ii) for any conversion of Dollars into any Foreign Currency, the noon (New York City time) buying rate for such Foreign Currency for cable transfers quoted in New York City as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and (iii) for any conversion of one Foreign Currency into Dollars or another Foreign Currency, the spot rate at noon local time in the relevant market at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Dollars or Foreign Currency into which conversion is being made could be purchased with the Foreign Currency from which conversion is being made from major banks located in either New York City, Toronto, London or any other principal market for Dollars or such purchased Foreign Currency, in each case determined by the Exchange Rate Agent. Unless otherwise specified with respect to any Securities pursuant to Section 301, in the event of the unavailability of any of the exchange rates provided for in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Exchange Rate Agent shall use, in its sole discretion and without liability on its part, such quotation of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as of the most recent available date, or quotations from one or more major banks in New York City, Toronto, London or another principal market for the Currency in question, or such other quotations as the Exchange Rate Agent shall deem appropriate. Unless otherwise specified by the Exchange Rate Agent, if there is more than one market for dealing in any Currency by reason of foreign exchange regulations or otherwise, the market to be used in respect of such Currency shall be that upon which a issuer of securities designated in such Currency would purchase such Currency in order to make payments in respect of such securities. “ Material Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary of the Company the revenues of which for the 12 months ending at the end of the most recently completed fiscal year of such Subsidiary represent 5% or more of the revenues of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole for the 12 months ending at the end of the most recently completed fiscal year of the Company, or the gross assets of which as at the end of the most recently completed fiscal year of such Subsidiary represent 5% or more of the gross assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole as at the end of the most recently completed fiscal year of the Company, calculated in each case in accordance with GAAP. 9 “ Maturity ”, when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, notice of redemption, notice of option to elect repayment or otherwise. “ Officer ’ s Certificate ” means a certificate signed by the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, and delivered to the Trustee. “ Opinion of Counsel ” means a written opinion of counsel containing the information specified in Section 102, who may be counsel for the Company and/or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, including an employee of any of them (except in the case of an Opinion of Counsel delivered pursuant to Sections 1108 or 1404 or as otherwise provided), and who shall be acceptable to the Trustee. “ Optional Reset Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 307. “ optional sinking fund payment ” has the meaning specified in Section 1201. “ Original Indenture ” means the indenture between the Company and the Canadian Trustee dated as of November 20, 2001 as it was originally executed. “ Original Issue Discount Security ” means any Security which provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 503. “ Original Stated Maturity ” has the meaning specified in Section 308. “ Other Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 115. “ Outstanding ”, when used with respect to Securities, means, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except: (i) Securities theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; (ii) Securities, or portions thereof, for whose payment or redemption or repayment at the option of the Holder money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other than the Company) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities and any coupons appertaining thereto; provided that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made; (iii) Securities, except to the extent provided in Sections 1402 and 1403, with respect to which the Company has effected defeasance and/or covenant defeasance as provided in Article Fourteen; and 10 (iv) Securities which have been paid pursuant to Section 306 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee proof satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Securities are valid obligations of the Company; provided , however , that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder or are present at a meeting of Holders for quorum purposes, and for the purpose of making the calculations required by Trust Indenture Legislation, (i) the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that may be counted in making such determination or calculation and that shall be deemed to be Outstanding for such purpose shall be equal to the amount of principal thereof that would be (or shall have been declared to be) due and payable, at the time of such determination, upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 503, (ii) the principal amount of any Security denominated in a Foreign Currency that may be counted in making such determination or calculation and that shall be deemed Outstanding for such purpose shall be equal to the Dollar equivalent, determined as of the date such Security is originally issued by the Company as set forth in an Exchange Rate Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee, of the principal amount (or, in the case of an Original Issue Discount Security, the Dollar equivalent as of such date of original issuance of the amount determined as provided in clause (i) above) of such Security, (iii) the principal amount of any Indexed Security that may be counted in making such determination or calculation and that shall be deemed Outstanding for such purpose shall be equal to the principal face amount of such Indexed Security at original issuance, unless otherwise provided with respect to such Security pursuant to Section 301, and (iv) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in making such calculation or in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Securities which are certified to the Trustee as so owned shall be disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee’s right so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor. “ pari passu ”, when used with respect to the ranking of any Debt of any Person in relation to other Debt of such Person, means that each such Debt (a) either (i) is not subordinated in right of payment to any other Debt of such Person or (ii) is subordinate in right of payment to the same Debt of such Person as is the other and is so subordinate to the same extent and (b) is not subordinate in right of payment to the other or to any Debt of such Person as to which the other is not so subordinate. “ Paying Agent ” means any Person (including the Company acting as Paying Agent) authorized by the Company to pay the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest, if any, on any Securities on behalf of the Company. 11 “ Person ” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. “ Place of Payment ” means, when used with respect to the Securities of or within any series, the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on such Securities are payable as specified as contemplated by Sections 301 and 1002. “ Predecessor Security ” of any particular Security means every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Security; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section 306 in exchange for or in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security or a Security to which a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen coupon appertains shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security or the Security to which the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen coupon appertains, as the case may be. “ Privacy Laws ” has the meaning specified in Section 618. “ Redemption Date ”, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, in whole or in part, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to this Indenture. “ Redemption Price ”, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture. “ Registered Security ” means any Security registered in the Security Register. “ Regular Record Date ” for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Registered Securities of or within any series means the date, if any, specified for that purpose as contemplated by Section 301. “ Repayment Date ” means, when used with respect to any Security to be repaid in whole or in part at the option of the Holder, the date fixed for such repayment pursuant to this Indenture. “ Repayment Price ” means, when used with respect to any Security to be repaid at the option of the Holder, the price at which it is to be repaid pursuant to this Indenture. “ Required Currency ” has the meaning specified in Section 114. “ Reset Notice ” has the meaning specified in Section 307. “ Responsible Officer ”, when used with respect to the Trustee, means the chairman or any of the board of directors, the chairman or any of the executive committee of the board of directors, the chairman of the trust committee, the president, any vice president, the secretary, any assistant secretary, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the cashier, any assistant cashier, any trust officer or assistant trust officer, the controller or any assistant controller or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the officers, and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 12 “ Secretary ”, when used with respect to the Company, shall include the Secretary to the Board of Directors. “ Securities ” has the meaning stated in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities authenticated and delivered under this Indenture; provided , however , that if at any time there is more than one Person acting as Trustee under this Indenture, “Securities” with respect to the Indenture as to which such Person is Trustee shall have the meaning stated in the first recital of this Indenture and shall more particularly mean Securities authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, exclusive, however, of Securities of any series as to which such Person is not Trustee. “ Security Interest ” means any mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or other similar security interest. “ Security Register ” and “Security Registrar” have the respective meanings specified in Section 305. A “ series ” of Securities means all Securities denoted as part of the same series authorized by or pursuant to a particular Board Resolution as the case may be. “ Special Record Date ” for the payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Registered Securities of or within any series means a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 307. “ Specified Amount ” has the meaning specified in Section 312(h). “ Stated Maturity ”, when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, means the date specified in such Security or a coupon representing such installment of interest as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and payable, as such date may be extended pursuant to the provisions of Section 308. “ Subsequent Interest Period ” has the meaning specified in Section 307. “ Subsidiary ” means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (whether incorporated or unincorporated) of which at the time of determination the Company, directly and/or indirectly, through one or more Subsidiaries, owns more than 50% of the shares or interests of Voting Stock/Interests of such entity. “ Subsidiary Guarantee ” means the guaranty of the Guaranteed Obligations by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to Article Fifteen. “ Subsidiary Guarantors ” means, subject to Section 1504, collectively, West Publishing, Thomson Reuters Applications and Thomson Reuters (Tax & Accounting), together with any other Subsidiary that provides a Subsidiary Guarantee with respect to a series of Securities hereunder, and “ Subsidiary Guarantor ” means any one of them. “ Thomson Reuters 13 Applications ” has the meaning specified in the preamble, until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Thomson Reuters Applications” shall mean such successor Person. “ Thomson Reuters (Tax & Accounting) ” has the meaning specified in the preamble, until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Thomson Reuters (Tax & Accounting)” shall mean such successor Person. “ Taxes ” has the meaning specified in Section 1005. “ Trust Indenture Act ” or “ TIA ” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this Indenture was executed, except as provided in Section 905. “ Trust Indenture Legislation ” means, at any time, statutory provisions relating to trust indentures and the rights, duties, and obligations of trustees under trust indentures and of corporations issuing debt obligations under trust indentures to the extent that such provisions are at such time in force and applicable to this Indenture, and at the date of this Indenture means (i) in respect of Securities of any series offered solely in Canada and not concurrently in the United States, the applicable provisions of the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder as amended or from time to time and (ii) in respect of Securities of any series offered solely in the United States and not concurrently in Canada or offered concurrently in the United States and Canada, the Trust Indenture Act and the regulations thereunder. “ Trustee ” means the Person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder; provided, however, that if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Trustee” as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean only the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series. “ U.S. Trustee ” means the Person named as the “U.S. Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor U.S. Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “U.S. Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder. “ United States ” means, unless otherwise specified with respect to any Securities pursuant to Section 301, the United States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. “ Valuation Date ” has the meaning specified in Section 312(c). “ Vice President ”, when used with respect to the Company or the Trustee, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title “vice president”. “ Voting Stock/Interests ” means stock or interests of the class or classes having general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of directors, managers, partners or trustees of a Subsidiary (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock or interests of any other class or classes shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). 14 “ West Publishing ” has the meaning specified in the preamble, until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “West Publishing” shall mean such successor Person. “ Yield to Maturity ” means the yield to maturity, computed at the time of issuance of a Security (or, if applicable, at the most recent redetermination of interest on such Security) and as set forth in such Security in accordance with generally accepted United States bond yield computation principles. SECTION 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions. Upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture (including any covenant compliance with which constitutes a condition precedent) relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished. Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture (other than pursuant to Section 1004) shall include: (a) a statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; (c) a statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and (d) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such covenant or condition has been complied with. SECTION 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee. (a) In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents. (b) Any certificate or opinion of an officer of the Company may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate 15 or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Company stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. (c) Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. SECTION 104. Acts of Holders. (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders of the Outstanding Securities of all series or one or more series, as the case may be, may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agents duly appointed in writing. If Securities of a series are issuable as Bearer Securities, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders of such series may, alternatively, be embodied in and evidenced by the record of Holders of Securities of such series voting in favor thereof, either in person or by proxies duly appointed in writing, at any meeting of Holders of Securities of such series duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article Sixteen, or a combination of such instruments and any such record. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments or record or both are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments and any such record (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the “ Act ” of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments or so voting at any such meeting. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent, or of the holding by any Person of a Security, shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section. The record of any meeting of Holders of Securities shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 1606. (b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than his individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient. (c) The principal amount and serial numbers of Registered Securities held by any Person, and the date of holding the same, shall be proved by the Security Register. 16 (d) The principal amount and serial numbers of Bearer Securities held by any Person, and the date of holding the same, may be proved by the production of such Bearer Securities or by a certificate executed, as depositary, by any trust company, bank, banker or other depositary, wherever situated, if such certificate shall be deemed by the Trustee to be satisfactory, showing that at the date therein mentioned such Person had on deposit with such depositary, or exhibited to it, the Bearer Securities therein described; or such facts may be proved by the certificate or affidavit of the Person holding such Bearer Securities, if such certificate or affidavit is deemed by the Trustee to be satisfactory. The Trustee and the Company may assume that such ownership of any Bearer Security continues until (1) another certificate or affidavit bearing a later date issued in respect of the same Bearer Security is produced, or (2) such Bearer Security is produced to the Trustee by some other Person, or (3) such Bearer Security is surrendered in exchange for a Registered Security, or (4) such Bearer Security is no longer Outstanding. The principal amount and serial numbers of Bearer Securities held by any Person, and the date of holding the same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee deems sufficient. (e) If the Company shall solicit from the Holders of Registered Securities any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of Holders, the Company may, at its option, by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, fix in advance a record date for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of Holders, but the Company shall have no obligation to do so. Notwithstanding Trust Indenture Legislation, such record date shall be the record date specified in or pursuant to such Board Resolution, which shall be a date not earlier than the date 30 days prior to the first solicitation of Holders generally in connection therewith and not later than the date such solicitation is completed. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of Holders may be given before or after such record date, but only the Holders of record at the close of business on such record date shall be deemed to be Holders for the purposes of determining whether Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Securities have authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of Holders, and for that purpose the Outstanding Securities shall be computed as of such record date; provided that no such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of Holders on such record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture not later than eleven months after the record date. (f) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Security. SECTION 105. Notices, etc. to Trustee, Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other documents provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with, 17 (a) the Canadian Trustee by the U.S. Trustee, any Holder, any Subsidiary Guarantor or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if delivered to an officer of the Canadian Trustee at Computershare Trust Company of Canada, 100 University Avenue, 8th Floor, North Tower, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2Y1, Canada, Attention: Manager Corporate Trust Services, or if sent by facsimile transmission (with receipt confirmed) to Computershare Trust Company of Canada, Attention: Manager, Corporate Trust Services at (416) 981-9777, shall be deemed to be validly given at the time of delivery or transmission if it is received prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, failing which it shall be deemed to have been given on the next Business Day. Notice to the Canadian Trustee may also be provided by e-mail at corporatetrust.toronto@computershare.com so long as the Canadian Trustee confirms its receipt of the e-mail by return reply, and the time of delivery shall be the time such return reply is sent by the Canadian Trustee. The Canadian Trustee may from time to time notify the Company of a change in address, e-mail address or facsimile number which thereafter, until changed by like notice, shall be the address, e-mail address or facsimile number of the Canadian Trustee for the purposes of this Indenture. (b) the U.S. Trustee by the Canadian Trustee, any Holder, any Subsidiary Guarantor or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose under the Indenture if delivered to an officer of the U.S. Trustee at Trust & Agency Services, 1 Columbus Circle, Mail Stop NYC01-0417, New York, New York 10019, United States, Attention: Trust and Securities Services, or if sent by facsimile transmission (with receipt confirmed) to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Attention: Trust and Securities Services at (732) 578-4635, shall be deemed to be validly given at the time of delivery or transmission if it is received prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, failing which it shall be deemed to have been given on the next Business Day. The U.S. Trustee may from time to time notify the Company of a change in address or facsimile number which thereafter, until changed by like notice, shall be the address or facsimile number of the U.S. Trustee for the purposes of the Indenture. (c) the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor by a Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if delivered to the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor at Thomson Reuters, 3 Times Square, New York, New York 10036, United States, Attention: Treasurer, with a copy at the same address to the attention of the General Counsel, shall be deemed to be validly given at the time of delivery if it is received prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, failing which it shall be deemed to have been given on the next Business Day. Notice to the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor may also be provided by e-mail at legal@thomsonreuters.com so long as the Company or an applicable Subsidiary Guarantor confirms its receipt of the e-mail by return reply, and the time of delivery shall be the time such return reply is sent by the Company or an applicable Subsidiary Guarantor. The Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor may from time to time notify the Trustee of a change in address or e-mail address which thereafter, until changed by like notice, shall be the address or e-mail address of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors for the purposes of this Indenture. SECTION 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver. (a) Other than as set forth in Section 106(b), where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to Holders of Registered Securities by the Company or the Trustee, such notice shall be sufficiently given to each such Holder affected by such event (unless otherwise herein 18 expressly provided) if in writing and (i) mailed, postage prepaid; or (ii) delivered by certified or registered mail or overnight courier. Notice shall be given to a Holder at its address as it appears in the Security Register as reflected in the Trustee’s records or as provided by a Holder to the Trustee or the Company, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. Neither the failure to mail, deliver or send such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, delivered or sent to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders of Registered Securities or the sufficiency of any notice to Holders of Bearer Securities given as provided. Any notice mailed, delivered or sent to a Holder in the manner herein prescribed shall be conclusively deemed to have been received by such Holder, whether or not such Holder actually receives such notice. (b) Where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to a Holder of a global Security, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary for such Security (or its designee) in writing and (i) delivered in person; or (ii) sent by e-mail, so long as such Depositary confirms his receipt of the e-mail by return reply. Notice shall be given to such Depositary at its address as it appears in the Security Register or its e-mail address as reflected in the Trustee’s records or as provided by the Depositary to the Trustee or the Company, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. (c) In case, by reason of the suspension of or irregularities in regular mail service or by reason of any other cause, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to Holders of Registered Securities when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee shall be deemed to be sufficient giving of such notice for every purpose hereunder. (d) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or otherwise specified with respect to any Securities pursuant to Section 301, where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of Bearer Securities of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given to Holders of Bearer Securities if published in an Authorized Newspaper in The City of New York and in such other city or cities as may be specified in such Securities on a Business Day at least twice, the first such publication to be not earlier than the earliest date, and not later than the latest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the first such publication. (e) In case, by reason of the suspension of publication of any Authorized Newspaper or Authorized Newspapers or by reason of any other cause, it shall be impracticable to publish any notice to Holders of Bearer Securities as provided above, then such notification to Holders of Bearer Securities as shall be given with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute sufficient notice to such Holders for every purpose hereunder. Neither the failure to give notice by publication to Holders of Bearer Securities as provided above, nor any defect in any notice so published, shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders of Bearer Securities or the sufficiency of any notice to Holders of Registered Securities given as provided herein. (f) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver required or permitted under this Indenture shall be in the English language, except that any published notice may be in an official language of the country of publication. 19 (g) Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver. SECTION 107. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. SECTION 108. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by each of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall bind its respective successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. SECTION 109. Separability Clause. In case any provision in this Indenture or in any Security or coupon shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. SECTION 110. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities or coupons, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto, any Authenticating Agent, any Paying Agent, any Securities Registrar and their successors hereunder and the Holders of Securities or coupons, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. SECTION 111. Governing Law. This Indenture and the Securities and coupons shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. This Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Legislation and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. SECTION 112. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, sinking fund payment date or Stated Maturity or Maturity of any Security shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment or other location contemplated hereunder, then (notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or of any Security or coupon other than a provision in the Securities of any series which specifically states that such provision shall apply in lieu of this Section), payment of principal (or premium, if any) or interest, if any, need not be made at such Place of Payment or other location contemplated hereunder on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment or other location contemplated hereunder with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date or sinking fund payment date, or at the Stated Maturity or Maturity; provided that no interest shall accrue for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, sinking fund payment date, Stated Maturity or Maturity, as the case may be. 20 SECTION 113. Agent for Service; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunities. (a) By the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably designated and appointed Thomson Reuters Holdings Inc., 3 Times Square, New York, New York 10036, as its authorized agent upon which process may be served in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Securities or this Indenture that may be instituted in any federal or state court in the City of New York or brought under federal or state securities laws or brought by the Trustee (whether in its individual capacity or in its capacity as Trustee hereunder), (ii) submits to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit or proceeding, and (iii) agrees that service of process upon Thomson Reuters Holdings Inc. and written notice of said service to the Company (mailed or delivered to the Company, attention: General Counsel, at its principal office specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture and in the manner specified in Section 105 hereof), shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company in any such suit or proceeding. The Company further agrees to take any and all action, including the execution and filing of any and all such documents and instruments, as may be necessary to continue such designation and appointment of Thomson Reuters Holdings Inc. in full force and effect so long as any of the Securities shall be outstanding. (b) To the extent that the Company has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, the Company hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Indenture and the Securities, to the extent permitted by law. (c) The Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture or the Securities in any federal or state court in the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. SECTION 114. Conversion of Currency. (a) The Company covenants and agrees that the following provisions shall apply to conversion of Currency in the case of the Securities and this Indenture: (i) If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in, or enforcing the judgment of, any court in any country, it becomes necessary to convert into any other Currency (the “ Judgment Currency ”) an amount due or contingently due under the Securities of any series and this Indenture (the “ Required Currency ”), then the conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day before the day on which a final judgment which is not appealable or is not appealed is given or the order of enforcement is made, as the case may be (unless a court shall otherwise determine). 21 (ii) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Business Day before the day on which the judgment referred to in (i) above is given or an order of endorsement is made, as the case may be (or such other date as a court shall determine), and the date of receipt of the amount due, the Company shall pay such additional (or, as the case may be, such lesser) amount, if any, as may be necessary so that the amount paid in the judgment Currency when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of receipt will produce the amount in the Required Currency originally due. (b) In the event of the of the Company at any time while any amount or damages owing under the Securities and this Indenture, or any judgment or order rendered in respect thereof, shall remain outstanding, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Holders of Securities and the Trustee harmless against any deficiency arising or resulting from any variation in rates of exchange between (1) the date as of which the equivalent of the amount in the Required Currency due or contingently due under the Securities and this Indenture (other than under this Subsection (b)) is calculated for the purposes of such and (2) the final date for the filing of proofs of claim in such . For the purpose of this Subsection (b) the final date for the filing of proofs of claim in the of the Company shall be the date fixed by the liquidator or otherwise in accordance with the relevant provisions of applicable law as being the latest practicable date as at which liabilities of the Company may be ascertained for such prior to payment by the liquidator or otherwise in respect thereto. (c) The obligations contained in Subsections (a)(ii) and (b) of this Section shall constitute separate and independent obligations of the Company from its other obligations under the Securities and this Indenture, shall give rise to separate and independent causes of action against the Company, shall apply irrespective of any waiver or extension granted by any Holder or Trustee from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment or order or the filing of any proof of claim in the of the Company for a liquidated sum in respect of amounts due hereunder (other than under Subsection (b) above) or under any such judgment or order. Any such deficiency as aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the Holders or the Trustee, as the case may be, and no proof or evidence of any actual loss shall be required by the Company or the applicable liquidator. In the case of Subsection (b) above, the amount of such deficiency shall not be deemed to be reduced by any variation in rates of exchange occurring between the said final date and the date of any liquidating distribution. The term “ rate(s) of exchange ” shall mean the Bank of Canada noon rate for purchases on the relevant date of the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency, as reported by Telerate on screen 3194 (or such other means of reporting the Bank of Canada noon rate as may be agreed upon by each of the parties to this Indenture) and includes any premiums and costs of exchange payable. 22 SECTION 115. Currency Equivalent. Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, for purposes of the construction of the terms of this Indenture or of the Securities, in the event that any amount is stated herein in the Currency of one nation (or in Euros) (the “ First Currency ”), as of any date such amount shall also be deemed to represent the amount in the Currency of any other relevant nation (the “ Other Currency ”) which is required to purchase such amount in the First Currency at the Bank of Canada noon rate as reported by Telerate on screen 3194 (or such other means of reporting the Bank of Canada noon rate as may be agreed upon by each of the parties to this Indenture) on the date of determination. SECTION 116. Securities in a Foreign Currency or in Euros. Unless otherwise specified in or pursuant to a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture or an Officer’s Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 301 with respect to a particular series of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any action may be taken by the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of one or more series at the time Outstanding and, at such time, there are Outstanding Securities of any such affected series which are denominated in a Foreign Currency (including Euros), then the principal amount of the Securities of such series which shall be deemed to be Outstanding for the purpose of taking such action shall be the amount of Dollars which could be obtained for such principal amount at the Market Exchange Rate on the applicable record date, or if no such record date shall have been established, on the date that the taking of such action shall be authorized by Act of the Holders of all such affected series. The provisions of this paragraph shall also apply in connection with any other action taken by the Holders pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, including without limitation any action under Section 503. SECTION 117. Conflict with Trust Indenture Legislation. Each of the Company and the Trustee agrees to comply with all provisions of the Trust Indenture Legislation applicable to or binding upon it in connection with this Indenture and any action to be taken hereunder. If and to the extent that any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with any mandatory requirement of Trust Indenture Legislation, such mandatory requirements shall prevail. SECTION 118. Language Clause. Les parties aux présentes ont exigé que la présente convention ainsi que tous les documents et avis qui s’y rattachent et/ou qui en découleront soient rédigés en langue anglaise. The parties hereto have required that this Indenture and all documents and notices related thereto be drawn up in English. SECTION 119. Shareholders, Officers and Directors Exempt from Individual Liability. No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture, or in any Security, or because of any indebtedness evidenced thereby, shall be had against any past, present or future shareholder, officer or director, as such, of the Company or of 23 any successor, either directly or through the Company or any successor, under any rule of law, statute 

[truncated]