Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 21 August 2026 21 August 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights" or the "Group") Acquisition of Moore Barlow LLP Builds further scale in the attractive South East and South Central markets Adds closely aligned expertise in Real Estate, Private Wealth and Landed Estates Further to its announcement on 25 March 2026, Knights today announces that it has agreed to acquire the commercial and private wealth service lines of Moore Barlow LLP, a well-established, full-service regional law firm operating across the South East and South Central regions. The other service lines of Moore Barlow (Personal Injury, Clinical Negligence and Court of Protection) will be sold separately immediately preceding the Knights transaction. The acquisition continues Knights' focus on building scale in these attractive regions, following its recent expansion in the Thames Valley, Essex, Kent and Sussex. Acquisition rationale and background With roots dating back more than 220 years, Moore Barlow is one of the South East's largest regional law firms. It was formed in 2020 through the merger of Moore Blatch and Barlow Robbins, combining complementary strengths and extending its reach across Hampshire, Surrey and the wider South East. Moore Barlow's service offering is a close fit with Knights' existing capabilities, particularly in Real Estate, Private Wealth and Landed Estates, whilst it will also bring a strong Schools and Charities team, one of the leading teams in the UK in the private school advisory market . The combination creates opportunities for collaboration, cross-referrals and organic growth, supported by Knights' well-invested central support infrastructure. The firm currently operates from six locations: Richmond, Guildford, Woking, Southampton, Lymington in the New Forest and a small City office. Following completion, Knights plans to consolidate parts of Moore Barlow's office network: Woking and Guildford will be combined into a new well-invested location in Guildford and the business will vacate its City office. The acquisition will add approximately 160 fee earners, significantly expanding Knights' service capability for businesses and private clients in this affluent region. For the year ended 30 April 2025 Moore Barlow delivered revenue of £42m and profits distributable to members (ie pre-partner drawings) of £12m. Draft accounts for the year ended 30 April 2026 show revenue of £45m and profits distributable to members of £13m. The part of the business being acquired by Knights represents approximately 70%, or £30m of revenue. On a corporatised basis (ie adjusting for employment costs of partners) the acquired business generated an EBITDA margin of c 4% in FY26. Post acquisition, after maximising synergy savings and accounting for normal levels of churn, the Company anticipates that the acquired business will contribute a PBT margin of c 18%. The acquisition is expected to be earnings enhancing in the first full year of ownership. Terms of the acquisition Under the terms of the acquisition, Knights will acquire Moore Barlow, following the disposal of its Personal Injury, Clinical Negligence and Court of Protection business, for a total cash consideration of £ 27m, subject to working-capital adjustments and on a cash- and debt-free basis. This comprises initial consideration of £18m payable on completion with the remaining consideration being payable in equal instalments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries, subject to certain conditions being met. Completion is expected to take place on 1 November 2026 subject to certain conditions being met. The cash consideration will be satisfied from Knights' existing banking facilities. The Group continues to maintain a healthy balance sheet and expects bank covenant net debt/EBITDA to be c.1.5x by the end of the current financial year. Commenting on the acquisition, David Beech, CEO of Knights, said: "We are thrilled to welcome the Moore Barlow team to Knights. The acquisition gives us significantly greater scale across the South East and South Central regions, and further strengthens our expertise in Real Estate, Private Wealth and Landed Estates. "Moore Barlow is a strong cultural and operational fit with Knights. By combining its long-established regional reputation and talented people with our scale, broader capabilities and well-invested platform, we see a compelling opportunity to deliver further growth, enhance the service offered to clients and create more opportunities for our people." Ed Whittington of Moore Barlow, commented: "Joining Knights marks an exciting next chapter for Moore Barlow. The combination will allow us to build on our long heritage, strong regional presence and specialist expertise, while giving our clients access to a broader range of services and the resources of a business with national scale. "We share Knights' ambition to deliver premium service and believe the combination will provide an excellent platform for continued growth. We look forward to working together to support our clients, invest in our teams and realise the significant opportunities across the South East and South Central regions." - ENDS - Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Kate Lewis, CFO Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou Lucy Gibbs knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Business and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Centrica 12 minutes ago Informa 26 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 38 minutes ago Hays 42 minutes ago Man Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and