Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 26 June 2026 26 June 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights", the "Company" or the "Group") Investor Presentation with Equity Development Knights, the national legal and professional services business, will be conducting an investor presentation via Equity Development following publication of its Full Year results for the period ended 30th April 2026. The online event will be hosted by David Beech (CEO), Kate Lewis (CFO) and James Sheridan (Chief M&A Officer). This presentation will take place at 10.00am on Thursday 9 July . The webinar is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted during the presentation to be addressed at the end. To register for the event, please follow this link. A recording will be available shortly after the event on Equity Development's website here. - Ends- Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Kate Lewis, CFO Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank +44 20 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou, Lucy Gibbs +44 (0) 7884 494112 knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago DSW Capital 19 minutes ago Secure Trust Bank 20 minutes ago Barclays 30 minutes ago CVS Group 30 minutes ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and