Completion of acquisition of Birkett Long Knights Group Holdings PLC 13 June 2025 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights" or the "Group") Completion of acquisition of Birkett Long LLP and Birkett Long IFA LLP Knights is pleased to confirm that the acquisition of Birkett Long LLP ("Birket Long"), an independent, full-service regional law firm with offices in Basildon, Chelmsford and Colchester, has now completed, in line with the timeframe announced in the acquisition announcement of 6 May 2025. Following receipt of FCA approval, we have today also completed the acquisition of Birkett Long IFA LLP, the independent financial advisory business also owned by the members of Birkett Long. Alongside Real Estate and Private Wealth services and enhanced scale in the South East, Birkett Long brings additional expertise in areas such as landed estates, education, family and residential property. The acquisition also brings a high-quality team and attractive client base into the Group, which will benefit f rom having access to Knights' wider range of services and its established platform. The acquisition is well-aligned with Knights' strategy to bolster its future organic growth through selective, considered acquisitions. Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou 020 3128 8100 +44 (0)7884 494 112 knights@mhpgroup.com Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 30 offices located in Ascot, Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Carlisle, Cheltenham, Chester, Exeter, Kidderminster, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newbury, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Solihull, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 25 minutes ago Hays 30 minutes ago Man Group 47 minutes ago PayPoint 47 minutes ago Diploma All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and