Block Listing Return Knights Group Holdings PLC 01 April 2025 1 April 2025 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights", the "Company" or the "Group") Block Listing Return The Company gives below the information required by Schedule 6 of the AIM Rules for companies in connection with the Employee Share Options and Incentives Plan. Name of applicant : Knights Group Holdings plc Name of scheme: Employee Share Options and Incentives Plan Period of return: From: 03.10.2024 To: 01.04.2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return*: 435,888 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): Nil Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): Nil Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 435,888 Ends Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO via MHP Communications Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank +44 20 7260 1000 MHP Communications (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou +44 20 3128 8794 knights@mhpgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Informa 15 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 26 minutes ago Hays 31 minutes ago Man Group 48 minutes ago PayPoint All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and