Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 25 March 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights", the "Company" or the "Group") Response to Press Speculation Knights, the legal and professional services business, notes the recent press speculation regarding a potential acquisition by the Group of Moore Barlow LLP. Knights' strategy is to build the leading premium, fully collaborative legal and professional services business across the UK regions. As part of this strategy, it regularly considers selected value-accretive strategic opportunities with a strong cultural fit and the potential to support future organic growth. Knights maintains regular dialogue with a number of law firms and confirms that it is currently in discussions with Moore Barlow LLP regarding a potential acquisition. However, there can be no certainty that any transaction will be agreed, nor as to the terms of any such transaction. A further announcement will be made if and when appropriate. Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO James Sheridan, M&A/Investor Relations Via MHP Deutsche Bank Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou, Lucy Gibbs +44 (0) 7884 494112 knights@mhpgroup.com About Knights Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago DSW Capital 19 minutes ago Secure Trust Bank 20 minutes ago Barclays 30 minutes ago CVS Group 30 minutes ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and