Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 01 September 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ( Knights , the Company or the Group ) PDMR Notification As required under article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation ( MAR ) the Company announces that on 1 September 2026, the following awards over ordinary shares of 0.2p in Knights were granted under the Knights Group Holdings plc Omnibus Plan to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities ( PDMR ), or their closely associated persons Name of PDMR or Closely Associated Person No. of performance shares awarded No. of shares awarded as restricted stock awards Joanne Beech 160,000 40,000 Lisa Bridgwood 120,000 30,000 The restricted stock awards and performance share awards will ordinarily become exercisable (or vest as relevant) in July 2028 on the day of the release of the Company's audited results subject to the grantee's continued service and, in the case of the performance share award, only to the extent to which the adjusted earnings per share condition set for the award is satisfied. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and their closely associated persons are set out below 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Joanne Beech 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Experience Officer and Closely Associated Person of David Beech b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Knights Group Holdings plc b) LEI 213800URB59EOGJKT919 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code GB00BFYF6298 b) Nature of the transaction Issue of a restricted stock award and a performance share award c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nominal price of £0.002 per share Nominal price of £0.002 per share 40,000 160,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 200,000 - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 1 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Lisa Bridgwood 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status General Counsel b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Knights Group Holdings plc b) LEI 213800URB59EOGJKT919 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares Identification code GB00BFYF6298 b) Nature of the transaction Issue of a restricted stock award and a performance share award c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nominal price of £0.002 per share Nominal price of £0.002 per share 30,000 120,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 150,000 - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 1 September 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside trading venue Ends Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO via MHP Communications Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank +44 20 7260 1000 MHP Communications (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou +44 20 3128 8794 knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Business and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago DSW Capital 19 minutes ago Secure Trust Bank 20 minutes ago Barclays 30 minutes ago CVS Group 31 minutes ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and