Director/PDMR Shareholding Knights Group Holdings PLC 18 March 2025 Knights Group Holdings plc ( Knights , the Company or the Group ) PDMR Dealing Knights announces that that it was notified on 17 March 2025 that, following the dividend payment of 1.76p per share, which was announced within the half year end results and paid on 14 March 2025, the SIP trustee has re-invested the dividend in accordance with the automatic instruction provided to it at the grant of the initial SIP in 2018 and again prior to launch of the evergreen SIP offered by the Company to its employees in November 2023, by purchasing 7,971 ordinary shares of 0.2 pence in the Company ( Ordinary Shares ) at a price of £1.38 per share on behalf of participating employees. The following notifications are made under article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation ( MAR ) relating to certain transactions by the SIP trustee and awarded to persons discharging managerial responsibilities and their closely associated persons ( PDMR ) in the shares of the Company, together with their resulting interests, are set out in the table below: Name/Position Total New Shares Total resulting interest in Ordinary Shares Kate Lewis 40 105,356 Ends Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO via MHP Communications Deutsche Numis (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank +44 20 7260 1000 MHP Communications (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou +44 20 3128 8100 knights@mhpgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago DSW Capital 19 minutes ago Secure Trust Bank 20 minutes ago Barclays 30 minutes ago CVS Group 30 minutes ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and