Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 13 August 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights" or the "Group") Notice of AGM and Annual Report Knights today announces that it has published its Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2026. The Annual Report, which includes the notice of Knights' AGM are available on Knights' website at: https://www.knightsplc.com/company/investors/2026-annual-report-accounts/ The Group's Annual General Meeting will be held at 10:30am on Tuesday 29 September 2026 at Knights, The Brampton, Newcastle-under-Lyme, ST5 0QW. Shareholders should email Knights' Company Secretary at shareholderenquiries@knightsplc.com with any questions in advance of the meeting. Questions raised by any shareholder will be answered as soon as is reasonably practicable. Further details can be found on Knights' website: https://www.knightsplc.com/company/investors/ Ends Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Kate Lewis, CFO via MHP Deutsche Bank (Nominated Adviser and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP Communications (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou, Lucy Gibbs +44 (0)7884 494112 knights@mhpc.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Centrica 13 minutes ago Informa 27 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 38 minutes ago Hays 43 minutes ago Man Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and