Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 25 September 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights" or the "Group") Completion of acquisition of THP Solicitors Knights is pleased to confirm that its acquisition of THP Solicitors Limited (“THP”), an independent regional law firm with offices in Henley and Reading, has completed in line with the timeframe stated in the acquisition announcement of 17 August 2026. All THP colleagues will relocate to Knights’ premium office facility in Reading immediately, bringing a team of 61 professionals together under one roof in this key location. The acquisition enhances Knights’ existing Reading teams in areas such as Real Estate and Family, and significantly increases the scale of its Private Wealth and Residential Property offerings in the Thames Valley region, one of the UK’s most attractive regional markets. The acquisition brings a high-quality team and attractive client base into the Group, both of which will benefit from having access to Knights’ wider range of services and established platform. The acquisition aligns with Knights' strategy to bolster its future organic growth through selective, considered acquisitions, and is a significant expansion of our Reading location following our market entry in April 2025. Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO James Sheridan, CMAO Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou, Lucy Gibbs 07884 494 112 knights@mhpgroup.com Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 locations: Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 55 minutes ago Capricorn Energy 59 minutes ago Capricorn Energy 1 hour ago Mondi 1 hour ago Georgia Capital 1 hour ago Bunzl All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and