Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 21 November 2025 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights", the "Company" or the "Group") Trading update for the six months ended 31 October 2025 Strong first half performance with a return to organic growth Knights, the national legal and professional services business, today provides a trading update for the six months ended 31 October 2025. The Group is expected to deliver a 30% increase in revenue from continuing operations 4 to £103.2m (H1 FY25: £79.4m) and a return to organic growth, of c.3%, in the first half. This strong performance is expected to result in a 12% increase in underlying PBT 1 from continuing operations 4 to £16.4m (H1 FY25: £14.6m). Group underlying PBT margin, at 16% (H1 FY25: 18%) is broadly in line with our internal forecasts as we absorbed higher payroll taxes as anticipated and continued to invest in AI and technology. Reduced debtor days 2 of 32 as at 31 October 2025 (H1 FY25: 33 days) demonstrated the Group's continued working capital discipline and success in reducing typically higher lock up in acquired businesses. Net debt 3 is expected to be £75.2m, (at 30 April 2025: £64.8m) after c.£15m cash paid in relation to acquisitions and capex of c.£3.5m, reflecting strong underlying cash conversion. The Group has signed an extension with HSBC UK, AIB (GB) and NatWest to extend its current revolving credit facility of £100m for an additional year (on the same terms) until November 2028. The business has continued to scale up, having added substantial teams in the West Midlands, the Thames Valley, the South East, and a smaller team in Cardiff, through acquisitions all of which are performing in line with expectations and integrating well. Knights' reputation, collaborative culture, corporate model and growing network of offices continued to attract high calibre talent with 46 senior fee earners joining in the first half or due to start shortly (H1 FY25: 43). Importantly, annualised churn has remained low, in line with the step down in the second half of FY25 driven by engagement initiatives across the business. David Beech, CEO of Knights, commented: "The Group has delivered a strong first half performance, with 30% revenue growth including a return to organic growth. We have continued to scale up the business and have successfully integrated recent acquisitions whilst retaining our strong financial discipline across the business reflected in our strong cash generation. "We expect the second half to benefit from recent hires and a full period contribution from the recent acquisitions, underpinning our confidence in delivering a full year performance in line with market expectations. "Having put in place an extended operational management structure, we are confident we have the right team to drive the business forward and leverage our strengthened platform as we continue to drive growth beyond the current financial year." Knights will provide further detail as part of its half year results announcement on 12 January 2026. Ends Footnotes 1 Underlying PBT excludes amortisation of acquired intangibles, non-underlying operating expenses, and non-underlying finance costs. Non-underlying operating expenses include transaction and onerous lease expenses, contingent acquisition payments, disposal of acquired assets, along with one-off restructuring and professional expenses, mainly incurred on acquisitions, through streamlining support functions or strategic reorganisations 2 Debtor days are calculated on a count back basis using the gross debtors at the period end and compared with total fees raised over prior months. Debtor days excludes the impact of acquisitions in the last quarter of the reporting period. 3 Net debt includes cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and acquired debt but excludes lease liabilities. 4 Continuing underlying performance excludes the Crime business which was acquired with IBB Law (completed on 4 April 2025). This business was non-core, as stated at the time of the acquisition, and we completed its sale on 18 July 2025. The business generated revenue of £0.2m and a loss before tax of £0.4m in the period. Knights David Beech, CEO Via MHP Group Deuts c he Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP Group (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou 07884 494112 knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 32 offices located in Ascot, Basildon, Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Solihull, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 25 minutes ago Hays 29 minutes ago Man Group 46 minutes ago PayPoint 47 minutes ago Diploma All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and