Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 20 May 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights", the "Company" or the "Group") Full Year Trading Update Strong revenue and profit performance, with double-digit organic growth in the second half Knights, the national legal and professional services business, today issues a trading update for the year ended 30 April 2026 which anticipates: A 28% increase in full year revenue to c.£207m (FY25: £162m). ​ Double digit organic growth in the second half (rising from 2.6% in the first half) meaning the Group achieved organic growth in line with its expectations for the full year. Underlying EBITDA¹ to increase by 19% to c.£51m (FY25: £43m) with Underlying PBT¹ increasing by 18% to c.£33m (FY25: £28m). The Group maintained its disciplined approach to working capital management throughout the year, with debtor days² of 30 at 30 April 2026 (FY25: 31 days), supporting strong underlying cash conversion. The Group maintained a robust balance sheet position, with net debt³ expected to be c.£65.4m at year end (FY25: £64.8m), after c.£17m of net cash paid in relation to acquisitions. Knights continues to attract high calibre professionals through its national scale, a growing reputation, its market-leading resources, location network and expertise in the UK regions; alongside its unique collaborative culture. Annualised churn 4 has remained low. In line with its value-accretive acquisition strategy, Knights completed the acquisition of Birkett Long LLP and Birkett Long IFA LLP in June 2025 and Rix & Kay LLP in August 2025, further strengthening its presence in the South East. Having established Knights' first presence outside England, in Cardiff, organically, we added to the team via the acquisition of Le Gros Solicitors Limited in August 2025. These and prior year acquisitions have all performed well. The Group is actively assessing acquisition opportunities, with a healthy pipeline. We continue to progress the previously announced discussions with Moore Barlow LLP. David Beech, CEO of Knights, said: "Knights has delivered a strong financial performance in FY26, driven by organic growth, our successful acquisition strategy, and the sustained benefits of our differentiated business model, all underpinned by disciplined execution led by our expanded management team.'' Knights expects to announce its full year results on 6 July 2026. Notes 1 Underlying EBITDA excludes non-underlying revenue and operating expenses including transaction and onerous lease expenses in relation to acquisitions, contingent acquisition payments, disposal of acquired assets, along with one-off restructuring and professional expenses, mainly incurred on acquisitions, through streamlining support functions or strategic reorganisations. Underlying PBT also excludes amortisation of acquired intangibles, non-underlying finance costs and a gain on disposal of a customer list from an acquired business. 2 Debtor days are calculated on a count back basis using the gross debtors at the period end and compared with total fees raised over prior months. 3 Net debt includes cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and acquired debt but excludes lease liabilities. 4 Churn is calculated based on the number of qualified fee earners who had been employed by the Group for more than one year. Churn is calculated taking the number of leavers in the above group over the financial year as a percentage of the average number of colleagues for the year. Churn excludes expected churn from acquisitions in the year of acquisition and the first full year post acquisition, redundancies and retirements. Retention is 100% less the churn rate. Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Kate Lewis, CFO James Sheridan, Chief M&A Officer / Investor Relations Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank +44 20 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou, Lucy Gibbs +44 (0) 7884 494112 knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 25 minutes ago Hays 29 minutes ago Man Group 46 minutes ago PayPoint 47 minutes ago Diploma All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and