Disclaimer* Knights Group Holdings PLC 17 August 2026 17 August 2026 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights" or the "Group") Acquisition of THP Solicitors Limited Adds scale and strengthens Private Wealth expertise in affluent, growing Thames Valley region Knights, the national legal and professional services business, announces it has agreed to acquire THP Solicitors Limited ("THP"), a law firm operating in the Thames Valley. The acquisition represents a compelling bolt-on following Knights' recent expansion in the region with its acquisition of IBB Law in 2025, further increasing the Group's scale in this affluent and growing market. Acquisition rationale and background THP has served the Thames Valley region for more than 35 years, originally as The Head Partnership, and it was acquired by its current owners approximately 16 years ago. Since that time, it has developed a strong reputation for delivering legal services across a range of practice areas, with particular strengths in Private Wealth, Family and Real Estate. The business currently operates from Reading and Henley and, following completion, Knights intends to bring all of THP's colleagues together with Knights colleagues in its recently refurbished Reading office. THP's current office locations will be vacated. The move is expected to make full use of Knights' existing office space in Reading and support quick and effective integration. THP has a strong fit with Knights' existing services and operating model. Its Private Wealth, Family and Real Estate practices will strengthen Knights' full service offering in Reading, which to date has been weighted towards Business Services, broadening the range of services available to clients across the region. The acquisition will add approximately 30 fee earners, further increasing Knights' scale in the Thames Valley region and expanding its ability to serve both business and private clients in one of the UK's most attractive regional markets. Terms of the acquisition Under the terms of the acquisition, Knights will acquire THP for a total consideration of £4m on a cash- and debt-free basis, subject to working-capital adjustments. The consideration comprises an initial cash payment of £2.4m on completion with the remaining consideration being payable in equal instalments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries, subject to certain conditions being met. The cash consideration will be satisfied from Knights' existing banking facilities. Completion is expected to take place on 25 September 2026. Commenting on the acquisition, David Beech, CEO of Knights, said: "We are delighted to welcome the THP team to Knights. Following our expansion into the Thames Valley last year through the acquisition of IBB Law, THP represents a compelling bolt-on opportunity that further increases our scale in an attractive and growing market. "THP's expertise will strengthen our capabilities, broadening our full-service offering for clients across the region, whilst leveraging our premium Reading office and our recent investment there. "The business has a strong cultural fit, and we are confident that combining its talented team with our scale and infrastructure will provide a strong foundation for future growth." Rachel Gaylor of THP Solicitors Limited, commented: "We are very pleased to be joining Knights. Having built a strong local reputation and client base, becoming part of Knights will provide the platform that we need for the next stage of our growth. "Our clients will benefit from access to a broader range of services and expertise, while our colleagues will have greater opportunities as part of a larger national business with scale and resource. We look forward to working with the team to realise the significant growth potential we see in the Thames Valley region." - ENDS - Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Kate Lewis, CFO Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt Eleni Menikou Lucy Gibbs knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing, legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Business and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 29 offices located in Beaconsfield, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Reading, Sheffield, Stoke, Teesside, Uxbridge, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 25 minutes ago Hays 30 minutes ago Man Group 47 minutes ago PayPoint 48 minutes ago Diploma All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and