Acquisition of IBB Law LLP Knights Group Holdings PLC 03 March 2025 Knights Group Holdings plc ("Knights" or the "Group") Acquisition of IBB Law LLP Significantly increases scale in the attractive South East market Knights today announces that it has agreed to acquire IBB Law LLP (trading as "IBB"), a premium service law firm based in the South East, representing a compelling acquisition with a strong strategic and financial rationale. Acquisition rationale and background IBB brings a team of 140 fee earners delivering premium legal services to both business and private clients, significantly increasing Knights' scale in the South East, an attractive market with a significant concentration of corporates and private wealth. In its audited accounts for the year ended 30 April 2024, IBB reported revenue of £23m and a corporatised PBT margin of 6%. Prudently assuming 20% revenue churn post-acquisition and excluding the non-core Crime business, and following full integration and realisation of synergies, the Board expects it to contribute a PBT margin of circa 26%. The acquisition is expected to be immediately earnings enhancing. IBB's four locations in Uxbridge, Beaconsfield, Reading and Ascot provide proximity to areas of inward investment, major corporate clusters, affluent communities and existing Knights offices in Oxford, Weybridge and Newbury, further enhancing our scale in this market. IBB has a very good fit with Knights' existing services, given its strengths in corporate, real estate and private wealth, whilst bringing additional specialisms which Knights can build on across the Group, such as in franchising. An exception to this is that the business currently includes a legal aid funded crime business (accounting for c 10% of revenues). Strategic options for this business, which is considered non-core to Knights, will be reviewed following completion. The core IBB business has grown strongly in recent years and is high-performing, with many cultural and operational similarities to Knights - a crucial aspect of Knights' acquisition model, giving confidence that it will integrate well. As part of Knights, IBB will be able to accelerate growth through the team being able to offer clients a wider range of services and utilising the strength and resources of Knights' well-invested central infrastructure, without the increasingly onerous regulatory and technology burden faced by independent firms. The acquisition is, therefore, well-aligned with Knights' strategy to bolster its future organic growth through selective, value enhancing acquisitions. Terms of the acquisition Under the terms of the acquisition, Knights will acquire IBB from its twenty-nine equity partners for a total consideration of £30m, subject to working capital adjustments and on a cash and debt free basis. This comprises an initial cash consideration of £21m and deferred cash consideration of £9m to be paid in three equal instalments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries following completion, subject to certain conditions being met. The consideration will be satisfied from Knights' existing banking facilities. Completion is expected to take place on 4 April 2025. Commenting on the acquisition, David Beech, CEO of Knights, said: "We are delighted to welcome the high quality IBB team to Knights, significantly increasing our scale in the attractive South East region. IBB's premium service offerings in corporate, real estate and private wealth are an excellent fit, and their culture and operational model are very aligned to Knights. We are confident that the acquisition will provide a strong platform for organic growth in the region." Joanna DeBiase, Managing Partner of IBB, commented: "We are excited about joining Knights at a time of structural change in our industry, where being part of a business of scale with a premium, national reputation is ever more important for all of our stakeholders - allowing us to provide broader services to our clients, strong career opportunities for our people, and to capitalise on our momentum, with the benefit of strong central support. "We look forward to working closely with the team to unlock the significant market opportunities in the South East as part of the larger group." - ENDS - Enquiries Knights David Beech, CEO Kate Lewis, CFO Via MHP Deutsche Numis (Nomad and Broker) Stuart Skinner, Kevin Cruickshank 020 7260 1000 MHP (Media enquiries) Katie Hunt, Eleni Menikou +44 (0)7701308818 knights@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Knights is a fast-growing legal and professional services business, ranked within the UK's top 50 largest law firms by revenue. Knights was one of the first law firms in the UK to move from the traditional partnership model to a corporate structure in 2012 and has since grown rapidly. Knights has specialists in all key areas of Corporate and Commercial law and Private Wealth services. It is focussed on key UK markets outside London and currently operates from 26 offices located in Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Carlisle, Cheltenham, Chester, Exeter, Kidderminster, Kings Hill, Leeds, Leicester, Lincoln, Manchester, Newbury, Newcastle, Nottingham, Oxford, Portsmouth, Sheffield, Solihull, Stoke, Teesside, Weybridge, Wilmslow, Worcester and York. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Knights Group Holdings (KGH) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 minutes ago Wetherspoon (J.D.) 25 minutes ago Hays 29 minutes ago Man Group 46 minutes ago PayPoint 47 minutes ago Diploma All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and