consolidated income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees. We have no material unconditional obligations or guarantees to, or in support of, our equity method investees and their operations. In conjunction with the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, we considered whether the carrying values of our equity method investments were impaired and concluded that no such impairment existed. Requirements and Capital Resources 72 Table of Contents We estimate that we will invest approximately $500 million during 2025 for capital expenditures to support and grow our existing operations, principally related to investments in laboratory equipment and facilities, including laboratory automations and information technology to support our diagnostic offerings. We have $600 million of 3.50% senior notes due March 2025. In February 2025, we committed to a project ("Project Nova") to modernize our "Order to Cash" business processes including related information technology infrastructure and underlying enabling technologies. We expect to deliver value throughout the implementation of Project Nova, as it unlocks a variety of streamlined operational benefits, reduced operating costs, accelerated revenue opportunities and improvements to the customer and patient experience. Total cash expenditures are estimated to be approximately $250 million to $310 million with approximately 60% consisting of capital expenditures and; the remainder consisting of operating expenses (primarily related to system conversion costs, compensation costs associated with team members dedicated to the project, and program management and training costs) to be incurred over the life of the project with the final phases expected to be completed in the 2031 to 2032 timeframe. We expect to fund the Project expenditures with cash from operations. For 2025, total cash expenditures are estimated to be approximately $15 million. Annual financial benefits are projected to increase over time as major elements of the project are completed generating an appropriate return on investment. During November 2024, we amended our $600 million secured receivables credit facility. The amendment extended the maturity of the facility to November 2026. Additionally, the amended facility includes a $200 million uncommitted accordion which, if utilized, brings the total capacity under the facility to $800 million. For further details regarding our credit facilities, see Note 13 to the audited consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2024, we had $1.3 billion of borrowing capacity available under our existing credit facilities, including $527 million available under our secured receivables credit facility and $750 million available under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. There were no borrowings under these credit facilities as of December 31, 2024. In support of our risk management program, $73 million in letters of credit under the secured receivables credit facility were outstanding as of December 31, 2024. Our secured receivables credit facility is subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, and certain financial covenants with respect to the receivables that comprise the borrowing base and secure the borrowings under the facility. Our senior unsecured revolving credit facility is also subject to certain financial covenants and limitations on indebtedness. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all such applicable financial covenants. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and cash from operations, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will provide sufficient financial flexibility to fund seasonal and other working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and other obligations, cash dividends on common shares, share repurchases and additional growth opportunities, including acquisitions, for the foreseeable future. However, should it become necessary, we believe that our credit profile should provide us with access to additional financing in order to fund normal business operations, make interest payments, fund additional growth opportunities, including acquisitions, and satisfy upcoming debt maturities. Impact of New Accounting Standards The adoption of new accounting standards (if any) is discussed in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements. The impacts of recent accounting pronouncements not yet effective (if any) on our audited consolidated financial statements are discussed in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements. 73 Table of Contents REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of the Company, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in “Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 is effective. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. On August 23, 2024, the Company completed its acquisition of LifeLabs, Inc. and the partnership interests of BPC Lab Finance LP (collectively, "LifeLabs"). While the Company has extended its oversight and monitoring processes that support internal control over financial reporting, as well as its disclosure controls and procedures, the Company continues to integrate the acquired operations of LifeLabs. As such the Company has excluded LifeLabs from its evaluation of internal control over financial reporting. This exclusion is in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s guidance that a recently acquired business may be omitted from the assessment scope for up to one year from the date of acquisition. LifeLabs had total assets that represented approximately 3% of the Company’s consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2024, and total revenues that represented approximately 2% of the Company’s consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this annual report, audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 and issued their audit report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting included herein. 74 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. As described in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded LifeLabs, Inc. and BPC Lab Finance LP (collectively, “LifeLabs”) from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2024. We have also excluded LifeLabs from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. LifeLabs is a subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 3% and 2%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting F-1 Table of Contents A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Valuation of Diagnostic Information Services (DIS) Business Accounts Receivable - Contractual Allowances As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, management estimates the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive from payer customer groups in exchange for providing services using the portfolio approach. These estimates include the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials) and patient price concessions. The Company's consolidated accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, balance as of December 31, 2024, was $1,304 million, of which a significant portion related to the DIS business. Net revenues recognized from healthcare insurers and government payers consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience and, additionally for healthcare insurers, the terms of the Company’s contractual arrangements. The process for estimating revenues and the ultimate collection of accounts receivable associated with the DIS business involves significant judgment and estimation. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of DIS business accounts receivable - contractual allowances is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of contractual allowances, and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's significant assumptions related to the estimate of contractual allowances. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of DIS business accounts receivable, which included controls over management’s methodology and data used to estimate contractual allowances. These procedures also included, among others, testing management's process for developing the estimate of contractual allowances, including (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology; (ii) testing, on a sample basis, the completeness and accuracy of the historical contractual allowance and collection data used in developing the estimate of contractual allowances; and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assumptions used to estimate contractual allowances by comparing actual cash collected to the prior year estimate of net accounts receivable. Acquisition of LifeLabs – Valuation of and Trade Name Intangible Assets As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, on August 23, 2024, the Company acquired LifeLabs for net consideration of $1,003 million. Of the acquired assets, $335 million of intangible assets and $99 million of trade name intangible assets were recorded. The fair values of the intangible assets and trade name intangible assets were determined by management using a excess earnings method and a relief from royalty method, F-2 Table of Contents respectively. Management’s estimates of fair values were principally determined based on projections of cash flows and include significant judgments and assumptions relating to customer attrition rates for the intangible assets and royalty rates for the trade name intangible assets. The projected cash flows were discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the date of the acquisition. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of and trade name intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of LifeLabs is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the and trade name intangible assets acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to projections of cash flows, customer attrition rate, and discount rate for the intangible assets and projections of cash flows, royalty rate, and discount rate for the trade name intangible assets; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management’s valuation of the and trade name intangible assets acquired. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimates of the and trade name intangible assets acquired; (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the excess earnings and relief from royalty methods used by management; (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the excess earnings and relief from royalty methods; and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to projections of cash flows, customer attrition rate, and discount rate for the intangible assets and projections of cash flows, royalty rate, and discount rate for the trade name intangible assets. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to projections of cash flows for the and trade name intangible assets involved considering (i) the current and past performance of the LifeLabs business; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the excess earnings and relief from royalty methods and (ii) the reasonableness of the customer attrition rate and discount rate assumptions for the intangible assets and the royalty rate and discount rate assumptions for the trade name intangible assets. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Florham Park, New Jersey February 20, 2025 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1995. F-3 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 549 $ 686 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of $ 29 and $ 27 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 1,304 1,210 Inventories 188 190 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 351 286 Total current assets 2,392 2,372 Property, plant and equipment, net 2,113 1,816 Operating lease assets 651 602 Goodwill 8,856 7,733 Intangible assets, net 1,763 1,166 Investments in equity method investees 123 135 Other assets 255 198 Total assets $ 16,153 $ 14,022 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,394 $ 1,359 Current portion of debt 602 303 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 173 153 Total current liabilities 2,169 1,815 debt 5,615 4,410 operating lease liabilities 535 503 Other liabilities 938 876 Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interest 83 76 Stockholders’ equity: Quest Diagnostics stockholders’ equity: Common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share; 600 shares authorized as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023; 162 shares issued as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023 2 2 Additional capital 2,361 2,320 Retained earnings 9,360 8,825 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 88 ) ( 14 ) Treasury stock, at cost; 51 shares as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023 ( 4,857 ) ( 4,826 ) Total Quest Diagnostics stockholders’ equity 6,778 6,307 Noncontrolling interests 35 35 Total stockholders’ equity 6,813 6,342 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 16,153 $ 14,022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. F-4 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2022 Net revenues $ 9,872 $ 9,252 $ 9,883 Operating costs and expenses and other operating income: Cost of services 6,628 6,199 6,450 Selling, general and administrative 1,770 1,642 1,874 Amortization of intangible assets 127 108 120 Other operating expense, net 1 41 11 Total operating costs and expenses, net 8,526 7,990 8,455 Operating income 1,346 1,262 1,428 Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ( 201 ) ( 152 ) ( 138 ) Other income (expense), net 30 20 ( 55 ) Total expense, net ( 171 ) ( 132 ) ( 193 ) Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees 1,175 1,130 1,235 Income tax expense ( 273 ) ( 248 ) ( 264 ) Equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes 19 26 44 Net income 921 908 1,015 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 50 54 69 Net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics $ 871 $ 854 $ 946 Earnings per share attributable to Quest Diagnostics’ common stockholders: Basic $ 7.78 $ 7.59 $ 8.10 Diluted $ 7.69 $ 7.49 $ 7.97 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. F-5 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net income $ 921 $ 908 $ 1,015 Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ( 76 ) 5 ( 8 ) Net deferred gains on cash flow hedges, net of taxes 2 2 1 Other comprehensive (loss) income ( 74 ) 7 ( 7 ) Comprehensive income 847 915 1,008 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 50 54 69 Comprehensive income attributable to Quest Diagnostics $ 797 $ 861 $ 939 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. F-6 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 921 $ 908 $ 1,015 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 493 439 437 Provision for credit losses 5 1 3 Deferred income tax provision (benefit) 13 ( 49 ) 1 compensation expense 88 77 77 Other, net 15 41 66 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ( 71 ) ( 15 ) 246 Accounts payable and accrued expenses ( 67 ) ( 55 ) ( 149 ) Income taxes payable 16 ( 2 ) ( 31 ) Other assets and liabilities, net ( 79 ) ( 73 ) 53 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,334 1,272 1,718 Cash flows from investing activities: Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 2,164 ) ( 611 ) ( 144 ) Capital expenditures ( 425 ) ( 408 ) ( 404 ) Other investing activities, net 41 ( 42 ) 5 Net cash used in investing activities ( 2,548 ) ( 1,061 ) ( 543 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings 1,846 2,592 — Repayments of debt ( 303 ) ( 1,844 ) ( 2 ) Purchases of treasury stock ( 151 ) ( 275 ) ( 1,408 ) Exercise of stock options 73 72 123 Employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under compensation plans ( 24 ) ( 28 ) ( 28 ) Dividends paid ( 331 ) ( 314 ) ( 305 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners ( 47 ) ( 57 ) ( 73 ) Other financing activities, net 21 14 ( 39 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,084 160 ( 1,732 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ( 7 ) — — Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ( 137 ) 371 ( 557 ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 686 315 872 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year $ 549 $ 686 $ 315 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. F-7 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023 AND 2022 (in millions) Quest Diagnostics Stockholders’ Equity Shares of Common Stock Out- standing Common Stock Additional Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock, at Cost Non- controlling Interests Total ’ Equity Balance, December 31, 2021 119 $ 2 $ 2,260 $ 7,649 $ ( 14 ) $ ( 3,453 ) $ 39 $ 6,483 Net income 946 62 1,008 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ( 7 ) ( 7 ) Dividends declared ( 305 ) ( 305 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners ( 64 ) ( 64 ) Issuance of common stock under benefit plans 1 ( 36 ) 64 28 compensation expense 77 77 Exercise of stock options 1 4 119 123 Shares to cover employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under compensation plans ( 10 ) ( 18 ) ( 28 ) Purchases of treasury stock ( 10 ) ( 1,385 ) ( 1,385 ) Balance, December 31, 2022 111 $ 2 $ 2,295 $ 8,290 $ ( 21 ) $ ( 4,673 ) $ 37 $ 5,930 Net income 854 49 903 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 7 7 Dividends declared ( 319 ) ( 319 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners ( 51 ) ( 51 ) Issuance of common stock under benefit plans 1 ( 39 ) 66 27 compensation expense 77 77 Exercise of stock options 1 ( 3 ) 75 72 Shares to cover employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under compensation plans ( 10 ) ( 18 ) ( 28 ) Purchases of treasury stock ( 2 ) ( 276 ) ( 276 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 111 $ 2 $ 2,320 $ 8,825 $ ( 14 ) $ ( 4,826 ) $ 35 $ 6,342 Net income 871 43 914 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ( 74 ) ( 74 ) Dividends declared ( 336 ) ( 336 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest partners ( 43 ) ( 43 ) Issuance of common stock under benefit plans ( 38 ) 64 26 compensation expense 88 88 Exercise of stock options 1 73 73 Shares to cover employee payroll tax withholdings on stock issued under compensation plans ( 6 ) ( 18 ) ( 24 ) Acquisition of additional ownership interest in subsidiary ( 3 ) ( 3 ) Purchases of treasury stock ( 1 ) ( 150 ) ( 150 ) Balance, December 31, 2024 111 $ 2 $ 2,361 $ 9,360 $ ( 88 ) $ ( 4,857 ) $ 35 $ 6,813 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. F-8 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Background Quest Diagnostics Incorporated and its subsidiaries ("Quest Diagnostics" or the "Company") work across the healthcare ecosystem to create a healthier world, one life at a time. The Company's diagnostic information services ("DIS") business provides diagnostic insights from the results of its laboratory testing to empower people, physicians, and organizations to take action to improve health outcomes. Derived from one of the world's largest databases of clinical lab results, the diagnostic insights reveal new avenues to identify and treat disease, inspire healthy behaviors and improve healthcare management. In the right hands and with the right context, the diagnostic insights can inspire actions that transform lives and create a healthier world. The Company provides services to a broad range of customers within its primary customer channels - physicians (including those associated with accountable care organizations ("ACOs") and Federally Qualified Health Centers ("FQHCs")), hospitals, and patients and consumers. Other customers include health plans, employers, emerging retail healthcare providers, government agencies, pharmaceutical companies and other commercial clinical laboratories. The Company offers broad access to clinical testing through a network of laboratories, patient service centers, phlebotomists in physician offices, and connectivity resources, including call centers and mobile phlebotomists, nurses and other health and wellness professionals. The Company's large staff of medical and scientific experts, including medical directors, scientific directors, genetic counselors and geneticists, provide medical and scientific consultation to healthcare providers and patients regarding the Company's tests and test results, and help them best utilize Quest Diagnostics' services to improve outcomes and enhance satisfaction. The Company's Diagnostic Solutions ("DS") group, which represents the balance of the Company's consolidated net revenues, includes the Company's risk assessment services business, which offers solutions for insurers, and the Company's healthcare information technology businesses, which offer solutions for healthcare providers and payers. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all entities controlled by the Company through its direct or indirect ownership of a majority voting interest. Additionally, the consolidated financial statements include the accounts of variable interest entities (“VIEs”) in which the Company has a variable interest and for which the Company is the “primary beneficiary” as it has both: (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that potentially could be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that potentially could be significant to the VIE. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Income attributable to the minority interest in the Company's majority owned and controlled consolidated subsidiaries is recorded as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of operations and the noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate component of consolidated stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. Equity Method Investments Investments in entities which the Company does not control, but in which it has a substantial ownership interest (generally between 20 % and 49 %) and can exercise significant influence, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. These investments are classified as investments in equity method investees in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company records its pro rata share of the earnings, adjusted for accretion of basis difference, of these investments in equity in earnings of equity method investees, net of taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company reviews its investments in equity method investees for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and F-9 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes as revenue the amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for goods sold or services rendered primarily upon completion of the testing process (when results are reported) or when services have been rendered (see Note 3). Net revenues from Medicare and Medicaid programs were approximately 11 % of the Company's consolidated net revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Net revenues from government programs in Canada were approximately 2 % of the Company's consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. Taxes on Income The provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Current and deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax laws that are enacted as of the balance sheet date of the relevant reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized only if the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Earnings Per Share The Company's unvested restricted stock units that contain rights to dividends are participating securities and, therefore, are included in the earnings allocation in computing earnings per share using the method. Basic earnings per common share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics, adjusted for earnings allocated to participating securities, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics, adjusted for earnings allocated to participating securities, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding after giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares include the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and performance share units granted under the Company's Amended and Restated Employee Incentive Plan (“ELTIP”) and its Amended and Restated Director Incentive Plan (“DLTIP”), as well as the dilutive effect of accelerated share repurchase agreements ("ASRs"), if applicable. Earnings allocable to participating securities include the portion of dividends declared as well as the portion of undistributed earnings during the period allocable to participating securities. Compensation The Company measures compensation for equity awards at fair value on the date of grant and records compensation as a charge to earnings net of the estimated impact of forfeited awards. As such, the Company recognizes compensation cost only for those awards that are estimated to ultimately vest over their requisite service period, based on the vesting provisions of the individual grants. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated forfeiture rate is recognized as compensation cost in earnings in the period of the change. The terms of the Company's performance share units allow the recipients of such awards to earn a variable number of shares based on the achievement of the performance goals, which are based on the financial performance of the Company and the total shareholder return of the Company relative to an index of peer companies ("relative TSR"), specified in the awards. For performance share units with a goal based on the financial performance of the Company, compensation expense is recognized based on management's best estimates of the achievement of the performance goals specified in such awards and the resulting number of shares that will be earned. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of performance share units expected to be earned for these awards is recognized as compensation cost in earnings in the period of the change. For performance share units with a relative TSR goal, compensation expense is recognized based on the estimated fair value of the award regardless of the actual number of shares earned. For further details regarding compensation, see Note 17. F-10 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) Fair Value Measurements The Company determines fair value measurements used in its consolidated financial statements based upon the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants exclusive of any transaction costs, as determined by either the principal market or the most advantageous market. Inputs used in the valuation techniques to derive fair values are classified based on a hierarchy. The basis for fair value measurements for each level within the hierarchy is described below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest. Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. Foreign Currency The Company predominately uses the U.S. dollar as its functional currency. The functional currency of the Company's foreign operating subsidiaries generally is the applicable local currency. Assets and liabilities denominated in .S. dollars are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates as of the end of the reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average monthly exchange rates during the year. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency, are included within other operating expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses have historically not been material. The Company may be exposed to market risk for changes in foreign exchange rates primarily under certain intercompany receivables and payables. From time to time, the Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the exposure of the eventual net cash inflows or outflows resulting from these intercompany transactions. The Company's foreign exchange exposure is not material to the Company's consolidated financial condition. The Company does not hedge its net investment in .S. subsidiaries because it views those investments as in nature. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include all investments with original maturities, at the time acquired by the Company, of three months or less. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are principally cash, cash equivalents, investments, accounts receivable and derivative financial instruments. The Company's policy is to place its cash, cash equivalents and investments in financial instruments and institutions. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is mitigated by the diversity of the Company's payers and their dispersion across many different geographic regions, and credit risk is concentrated among certain payers who are large buyers of the Company's services. To reduce risk, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of these payers and, consequently, believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure, with respect to these payers, is limited. While the Company has receivables due from federal, state and foreign governmental agencies, the Company does not believe that such receivables represent a credit risk since the related healthcare programs are funded by federal, state and foreign governments, and payment is primarily dependent on submitting appropriate documentation timely. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, receivables due from government payers under the Medicare and Medicaid programs represented approximately 6 % and 7 %, respectively, of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2024, receivables due from Canadian government payers represented approximately 1 % of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable. The portion of the Company's accounts receivable due from patients comprises the largest portion of credit risk. As of both December 31, 2024 and 2023, receivables due from patients represented approximately 20 % of the Company's consolidated net accounts receivable. The Company applies assumptions and judgments including historical collection experience (including the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding) for assessing collectability and determining net revenues and accounts receivable from patients. F-11 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses Accounts receivable are reported net of allowances for credit losses. When estimating its allowance for credit losses, the Company pools its trade receivables based on the following customer types: healthcare insurers, government payers, client payers and patients, which are described in Note 3. The Company principally estimates the allowance for credit losses by pool based on historical collection experience, the current credit worthiness of the customers, current economic conditions, expectations of future economic conditions and the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding. To the extent that any individual payers are identified that have deteriorated in credit quality, the Company removes the customers from their respective pools and establishes allowances based on the individual risk characteristics of such customers. Inventories Inventories, which consist principally of finished goods testing supplies and reagents, are valued at the lower of cost (principally first in, first out method) or net realizable value. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for computer software developed or obtained for internal use are capitalized for application development activities and expensed as incurred for preliminary project activities and activities. Capitalized costs include external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining software, payroll and costs for employees who are directly associated with the software project, and interest costs incurred, when material, while developing software. Capitalization of such costs ceases when the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose. Costs for maintenance and training are expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes interest on borrowings during the active construction period of major capital projects. Capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying assets and is amortized over the expected useful lives of the assets. Depreciation and amortization are principally provided on the method over expected useful asset lives as of December 31, 2024 as follows: • buildings and improvements, ranging up to and a half years; • laboratory equipment and furniture and fixtures, ranging from five to twelve years ; • leasehold improvements, the lesser of the useful life of the improvement or the remaining life of the building or lease, as applicable; and • computer software developed or obtained for internal use, principally five to ten years . Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of the acquiree (including the fair value of interests) over the recognized bases of the net identifiable assets acquired and includes the future economic benefits from other assets that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is periodically reviewed for impairment and an impairment charge is recorded in the periods in which the recorded carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. On a quarterly basis, the Company performs a review of its business to determine if events or changes in circumstances have occurred which could have a material adverse effect on the fair value of the Company and its goodwill. If such events or changes in circumstances were deemed to have occurred, the Company would perform an impairment test of goodwill as of the end of the quarter and record any noted impairment loss. The goodwill test is performed at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The annual impairment test includes an option to perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value; the qualitative test may be performed prior to, or as an alternative to, performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its F-12 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) carrying value, then the Company is required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Otherwise, no further analysis is required. Additionally, the Company's policy is to update the fair value calculation of its reporting units and perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test on a periodic basis. The quantitative impairment test involves the comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company calculates the fair value of each reporting unit using either (i) a discounted cash flows analysis that converts future cash flow amounts into a single discounted present value amount or (ii) a market approach. The Company assesses the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time that the valuation is performed. The Company compares the estimate of fair value for the reporting unit to the carrying value of the reporting unit. If the carrying value is greater than the estimate of fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in the amount of the excess. The Company performs its annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company performed a qualitative impairment test and, based on the totality of information available for the reporting units, the Company concluded that it was more likely than no t that the estimated fair values of the reporting units were greater than the carrying values of the reporting units and, as such, no further analysis was required. For the year ended December 31, 2023, in accordance with its policy to perform a quantitative test on a periodic basis, the Company updated the fair value calculations for its reporting units, performed the quantitative impairment test, and concluded that goodwill was no t impaired. Intangible Assets Intangible assets are recognized at fair value, as an asset apart from goodwill if the asset (i) arises from contractual or other legal rights, or (ii) is separable. Intangible assets, principally representing the cost of intangible assets, agreements, acquired intangible assets and trade name intangible assets, are capitalized and amortized on the method over their expected useful lives, which generally range from five to years . Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, consisting principally of acquired trade names, are not amortized, but instead are periodically reviewed for impairment. The Company reviews intangible assets periodically for impairment and an impairment charge is recorded in the periods in which the recorded carrying value of an intangible asset is more than its estimated fair value. The intangible asset impairment test is performed at least annually, or more frequently in the case of other events that indicate a potential impairment. Based upon the Company’s most recent annual impairment tests completed during the fourth quarter of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company concluded that intangible assets were not impaired. The Company reviews the recoverability of its assets (including amortizable intangible assets), other than goodwill and intangible assets, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Evaluation of possible impairment is based on the Company's ability to recover the asset from the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) of the related operations. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of such asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the estimated fair value and carrying amount of the asset. Investments The Company's investments (except for those accounted for under the equity method of accounting) include: • Equity investments with readily determinable fair values, including investments comprised mostly of strategic holdings in companies concentrated in the life sciences and healthcare industries; as well as participant-directed investments of deferred employee compensation and related Company matching contributions held in trusts pursuant to the Company's supplemental deferred compensation plans (see Note 17). These investments are measured at fair value with both realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in current earnings within other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, gains/(losses) from all equity investments with readily determinable fair values totaled $ 18 million, $ 20 million, and $( 55 ) million, respectively. See Note 7 for a discussion of the fair value of such investments. F-13 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) • Equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values consist of investments in preferred and common shares of privately held companies. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. The Company regularly evaluates these equity investments to determine if there are any indicators that the investment is impaired; no impairment charges were recognized related to these investments for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The carrying value of these investments was $ 37 million and $ 18 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Such amounts were included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. • debt securities of companies. These investments are measured at fair value with unrealized gains and losses presented in other comprehensive (loss) income. The carrying amount of these investments was $ 0 million and $ 2 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 7 for a discussion of the fair value of such investments. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company uses derivative financial instruments, from time to time, to manage its exposure to market risks for changes in interest rates and foreign currencies. This strategy includes the use of interest rate swap agreements, interest rate swap agreements, interest rate lock agreements and foreign currency forward contracts to manage its exposure to movements in interest and currency rates. The Company has established policies and procedures for risk assessment and the approval, reporting and monitoring of derivative financial instrument activities. These policies prohibit holding or issuing derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments that contain credit contingent features or requirements to post collateral. Interest Rate Risk The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its cash and cash equivalents and its debt obligations. Interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents may fluctuate as interest rates change; however, due to their relatively short maturities, the Company does not hedge these assets or their investment cash flows and the impact of interest rate risk is not material. The Company's debt obligations consist of and, from time to time, debt instruments. The Company's primary objective is to achieve the lowest overall cost of funding while managing the variability in cash outflows within an acceptable range. In order to achieve this objective, the Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements. Interest rate swap agreements involve the periodic exchange of payments without the exchange of underlying principal or notional amounts. Net settlements between the counterparties are recognized as an adjustment to interest expense, net. The Company accounts for these derivatives as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value. The fair value is based upon valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets including certain financial information and certain assumptions regarding past, present and future market conditions. For a derivative instrument that has been formally designated as a fair value hedge, fair value gains or losses on the derivative instrument along with offsetting fair value gains or losses on the hedged item that are attributable to the risk being hedged are reported in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. For derivatives that have been formally designated as a cash flow hedge, the change in the fair value of the derivatives is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Upon maturity or early termination of an effective interest rate swap agreement designated as a cash flow hedge, unrealized gains or losses are deferred in stockholders' equity, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, and are amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the period during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings, which is when the Company recognizes interest expense on the hedged cash flows. At inception and quarterly thereafter, the Company formally assesses whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. After the initial quantitative assessment, this analysis is initially performed on a qualitative basis and, if it is determined that the hedging relationship was and continues to be highly effective, no further analysis is required. All components of each derivative financial instrument's gain or loss are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. If it is determined that a derivative ceases to be a highly effective hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting and any deferred gains or losses related to a discontinued cash flow hedge shall continue to be reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss, unless it is probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. If it is probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur by the originally specified time period, the Company discontinues hedge accounting and any deferred gains or losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss are classified into earnings immediately. F-14 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) encompasses all changes in stockholders' equity (except those arising from transactions with stockholders) and includes: • Foreign currency translation adjustments; • Net deferred gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, which represent deferred gains (losses), net of tax, on interest derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges, net of amounts reclassified to interest expense (see Notes 15 and 16); and • Net changes in debt securities, which represent unrealized holding gains (losses), net of tax, on debt securities. Advertising Costs Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, advertising costs were $ 28 million, $ 31 million and $ 74 million, respectively. New Accounting Standards In November 2023, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which will require companies to disclose significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker ("CODM"). The pronouncement is effective for annual filings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for interim periods within the year ended December 31, 2025. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In December 2023, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which will require companies to make additional income tax disclosures. The pronouncement is effective for annual filings for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In March 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued a rule which will require companies to make certain disclosures in periodic filings. The rule includes certain disclosures in the footnotes of the financial statements: • capitalized costs, expenditures expensed, and losses incurred as a result of severe weather events and other natural conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding, drought, wildfires, extreme temperatures, and sea level rise; • capitalized costs, expenditures expensed, and losses related to carbon offsets and renewable energy credits or certificates if they are used as a material component of a registrant’s plans to achieve its disclosed targets or goals; and • whether estimates and assumptions used to produce the financial statements were materially impacted by risks and uncertainties associated with severe weather events and other natural conditions or any disclosed targets or transition plans. The footnote disclosures were originally effective for annual filings for the year ended December 31, 2025. However, in April 2024, the SEC voluntarily stayed implementation of the new disclosure requirements pending judicial review. Once the litigation is resolved, and if the rule remains in effect, the SEC will announce a new effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of the rule. In November 2024, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which will require companies to disaggregate certain income statement expenses. The pronouncement is effective for annual filings for the year ended December 31, 2027 and for interim periods within the year ended December 31, 2028. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. F-15 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 3. REVENUE RECOGNITION DIS Net revenues in the Company’s DIS business accounted for greater than 95 % of the Company’s consolidated net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 and are primarily comprised of a high volume of relatively transactions. The DIS business, which provides clinical testing services and other services, satisfies its performance obligation and recognizes revenues primarily upon completion of the testing process (when results are reported) or when services have been rendered. The Company estimates the amount of consideration it expects to be entitled to receive from payer customer groups in exchange for providing services using the portfolio approach. These estimates include the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials), and patient price concessions, as discussed below. The portfolios determined using the portfolio approach consist of the following groups of payer customers: healthcare insurers, government payers, client payers and patients. Contracts in the DIS business do not contain significant financing components based on the typical period of time between performance of services and collection of consideration. The process for estimating revenues and the ultimate collection of accounts receivable involves significant judgment and estimation. The Company follows a standard process, which considers historical denial and collection experience and other factors (including the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding), to estimate contractual allowances and implicit price concessions, recording adjustments in the current period as changes in estimates. Further adjustments to the allowances, based on actual receipts, may be recorded upon settlement. The following are descriptions of the DIS business’ portfolios: Healthcare Insurers/Health Plans Reimbursements from healthcare insurers are based on negotiated schedules and on capitated payment rates. Under arrangements, healthcare insurers are billed at the Company's list price. Net revenues recognized consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience and the terms of the Company’s contractual arrangements. Collection of the Company's net revenues from healthcare insurers is normally a function of providing complete and correct billing information to the healthcare insurers within the various filing deadlines and generally occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. Provided the Company has billed healthcare insurers accurately with complete information prior to the established filing deadline, there has historically been little to no credit risk. If there has been a delay in billing, the Company determines if the amounts in question will likely go past the filing deadline, and if so, it will reserve accordingly for the billing. Under capitated arrangements with healthcare insurers, the Company recognizes revenue based on a predetermined monthly reimbursement rate for each member of an insurer's health plan regardless of the number or cost of services provided by the Company. Healthcare insurers typically reimburse the Company under capitated arrangements in the same month services are performed, essentially giving rise to no outstanding accounts receivable at the end of a reporting period. If any capitated payments are not received on a timely basis, the Company determines the cause and makes a separate determination as to whether or not the collection of the amount from the healthcare insurer is at risk and, if so, would reserve accordingly. Government Payers Reimbursements from domestic government payers are based on schedules set by governmental authorities, including traditional Medicare and Medicaid. Reimbursements from government payers in Canada are based on a combination of schedules, with a cap on maximum billings, and capitated arrangements. Net revenues recognized for arrangements principally consist of amounts billed net of contractual allowances for differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from such payers, which considers historical denial and collection experience and other factors. F-16 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) Collection of the Company's net revenues from government payers is normally a function of providing the complete and correct billing information within the various filing deadlines and generally occurs within 30 days of billing. Provided the Company has billed government payers accurately with complete information prior to the established filing deadline, there has historically been little to no credit risk. If there has been a delay in billing, the Company determines if the amounts in question will likely go past the filing deadline, and, if so, it will reserve for the billing accordingly. Client Payers Client payers include physicians, hospitals, employers, emerging retail healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and other commercial clinical laboratories and institutions for which services are performed on a wholesale basis, and are billed based on negotiated fee schedules. Credit risk and ability to pay are more of a consideration for these payers than healthcare insurers and government payers. Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive generally occurs within 60 to 90 days of billing. The Company principally estimates the allowance for credit losses for client payers based on historical collection experience, the current credit worthiness of the customers, current economic conditions, expectations of future economic conditions and the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding. To the extent that any individual client payers are identified that have deteriorated in credit quality, the Company establishes allowances based on the individual risk characteristics of such customers. Patients Uninsured patients are billed based on established patient fee schedules or fees negotiated with physicians on behalf of their patients. Insured patients (includes coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) are billed based on fees negotiated with healthcare insurers. Collection of billings from patients is subject to credit risk and ability of the patients to pay. Net revenues consist of amounts billed net of discounts provided to uninsured patients in accordance with the Company’s policies and implicit price concessions. Implicit price concessions represent differences between amounts billed and the estimated consideration the Company expects to receive from patients, which considers historical collection experience (including the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding) and other factors including current market conditions. Patient billings are generally fully reserved for when the related service reaches 210 days outstanding. Balances are automatically written off when they are sent to collection agencies. Allowances are further adjusted for estimated recoveries of amounts sent to collection agencies based on historical collection experience, which is regularly monitored. Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive generally occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. DS The Company’s DS businesses primarily satisfy their performance obligations and recognize revenues when delivery has occurred or services have been rendered. Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive generally occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. F-17 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) The approximate percentage of net revenues by type of payer customer was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Healthcare insurers: 37 % 37 % 38 % Capitated 3 3 3 Total healthcare insurers 40 40 41 Government payers (principally ) 13 11 11 Client payers 33 34 33 Patients (including coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) 11 12 12 Total DIS 97 97 97 DS 3 3 3 Net revenues 100 % 100 % 100 % For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, substantially all of the Company’s services were provided within the United States. On August 23, 2024, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common shares of LifeLabs Inc. and all of the partnership interests of BPC Lab Finance LP (collectively, "LifeLabs"). LifeLabs provides laboratory diagnostic information and digital health connectivity systems in Canada. See Note 6 for further discussion. The approximate percentage of net accounts receivable by type of payer customer as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 2024 2023 Healthcare insurers 26 % 24 % Government payers 7 7 Client payers 45 45 Patients (including coinsurance and deductible responsibilities) 20 20 Total DIS 98 96 DS 2 4 Net accounts receivable 100 % 100 % The following table summarizes the activity for the Company's allowance for credit losses during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, which principally relates to client payers: Allowance for Credit Losses Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 30 Provision for credit losses 1 of accounts receivable, net of recoveries ( 4 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 27 Provision for credit losses 5 of accounts receivable, net of recoveries ( 3 ) Balance, December 31, 2024 $ 29 F-18 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 4. EARNINGS PER SHARE The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows (in millions, except per share data): 2024 2023 2022 Amounts attributable to Quest Diagnostics’ common stockholders: Net income attributable to Quest Diagnostics $ 871 $ 854 $ 946 Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities 5 4 4 Earnings available to Quest Diagnostics’ common stockholders – basic and diluted $ 866 $ 850 $ 942 Weighted average common shares outstanding – basic 111 112 116 Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and performance share units 2 1 2 Weighted average common shares outstanding – diluted 113 113 118 Earnings per share attributable to Quest Diagnostics’ common stockholders: Basic $ 7.78 $ 7.59 $ 8.10 Diluted $ 7.69 $ 7.49 $ 7.97 F-19 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 5. RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES AND IMPAIRMENT CHARGES Invigorate Program The Company is engaged in a program called Invigorate, which includes structured plans to drive savings and improve productivity across the value chain, including in such areas as patient services, logistics and laboratory operations, revenue services, information technology and procurement. The Invigorate program aims to deliver 3 % annual cost savings and productivity improvements to partially offset pressures from the current inflationary environment, including labor and benefit cost increases and reimbursement pressures. The Company is leveraging automation and artificial intelligence to improve productivity and also improve quality across the entire value chain, not just in the laboratory. Other areas of focus include reducing denials and patient concessions, enhancing the digital experience, and selecting and retaining talent. Restructuring and Impairment Charges The following table provides a summary of the Company's restructuring and impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: 2024 2023 2022 Employee separation costs $ 28 $ 25 $ 55 Asset impairment charges — 29 14 Total restructuring and impairment charges $ 28 $ 54 $ 69 The restructuring charges incurred for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were partially associated with various workforce reduction initiatives as the Company continued to restructure its organization. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge on certain assets related to the shutdown of a business and, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge on certain property, plant and equipment. Of the total restructuring and impairment charges incurred during the year ended December 31, 2024, $ 15 million and $ 13 million were recorded in cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively. Of the total restructuring and impairment charges incurred during the year ended December 31, 2023, $ 13 million, $ 12 million and $ 29 million were recorded in cost of services, selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating expense, net, respectively. Of the total restructuring charges incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, $ 19 million, $ 36 million and $ 14 million were recorded in cost of services, selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating expense, net, respectively. Charges for all periods presented were primarily recorded in the Company's DIS business. The following table summarizes the activity of the restructuring liability during 2024 and 2023, which is included in accrued expenses in Note 12: Employee Separation Costs Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 44 Income statement expense 25 Cash payments ( 57 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 12 Income statement expense 28 Cash payments ( 27 ) Balance, December 31, 2024 $ 13 F-20 Table of Contents QUEST DIAGNOSTICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – CONTINUED (in millions unless otherwise indicated) 6. BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS 2024 Acquisitions During 2024, the Company completed acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of $ 2.2 billion (including contingent consideration initially estimated at $ 6 million), net of cash acquired, including the acquisitions discussed below. Of such amount, $ 30 million was prepaid during the year ended December 31, 2023. In the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024, such $ 30 million is included in business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, with a corresponding offset in other investing activities. The acquisitions preliminarily resulted in goodwill of $ 1.1 billion, $ 862 million of which is deductible for tax purposes. See the table below for a preliminary summary of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which may be revised as additional information becomes available during the measurement periods. Acquisition of select assets of Lenco Diagnostic Laboratories, Inc. ("Lenco") On February 12, 2024, the Company acquired select assets of Lenco, an independent clinical diagnostic laboratory provider serving physicians in New York, in an transaction for $ 111 million. Acquisition of select assets of PathAI Diagnostics On June 10, 2024, the Company acquired select assets of PathAI Diagnostics, a business that provides anatomic and digital pathology laboratory services, in an transaction for $ 100 million. Acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of LifeLabs Inc. and all of the partnership interests of BPC Lab Finance LP (collectively, "LifeLabs") On August 23, 2024, the Company acquired LifeLabs in an transaction for approximately CAN $ 1.35 billion (approximately USD $ 1 billion), net of cash acquired. LifeLabs provides laboratory diagnostic information and digital health connectivity systems in Canada. The acquisition price is subject to a customary net working capital adjustment, which is not expected to be material. The Company funded the acquisition with a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of senior notes (see Note 13 for further details). Following the acquisition in August 2024, LifeLabs contributed $ 241 million to the Company's consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. The purchase price allocation in the table below is based upon a preliminary valuation and the Company's estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period as the valuation is finalized. Management is currently in the process of verifying data and finalizing information related to the valuation and recording of identifiable intangible assets, certain other assets and liabilities, and the corresponding effect on the amount of goodwill. The fair values of the intangible assets and the trade name intangible assets in the table below were determined by management using a excess earnings method, a form of the income approach, and a relief fro

[truncated]