consolidated income before income taxes and equity in earnings of equity method investees. We have no material unconditional obligations or guarantees to, or in support of, our equity method investees and their operations. In conjunction with the preparation of our June 30, 2024 financial statements, we considered whether the carrying values of our equity method investments were impaired and concluded that no such impairment existed. Requirements and Capital Resources We estimate that we will invest approximately $420 million during 2024 for capital expenditures, to support and grow our existing operations, principally related to investments in laboratory equipment and facilities, including laboratory automations and information technology to support our diagnostic offerings. We have $600 million of 3.50% senior notes due March 2025. Additionally, we have entered into definitive agreements to acquire LifeLabs, select assets of the laboratory services business of Allina Health, and select assets of the laboratory services business of OhioHealth. The acquisitions are expected to close during the second half of 2024. For further details, see Notes 5 and 14 to the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements. As of June 30, 2024, we had $1.2 billion of borrowing capacity available under our existing credit facilities, including $452 million available under our secured receivables credit facility and $750 million available under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. There were no borrowings outstanding under either the secured receivables credit facility or the senior unsecured revolving credit facility as of June 30, 2024. In support of our risk management program, $73 million in letters of credit under the secured receivables credit facility were outstanding as of June 30, 2024. Our secured receivables credit facility is subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, and certain financial covenants with respect to the receivables that comprise the borrowing base and secure the borrowings under the facility. Our senior unsecured revolving credit facility is also subject to certain financial covenants and limitations on indebtedness. As of June 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such applicable financial covenants. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and cash from operations, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will provide sufficient financial flexibility to fund seasonal and other working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and other obligations, cash dividends on common shares, share repurchases and additional growth opportunities, including acquisitions, for the foreseeable future. However, should it become necessary, we believe that our credit profile should provide us with access to additional financing in order to fund normal business operations, make interest payments, fund additional growth opportunities, including acquisitions, and satisfy upcoming debt maturities. 36 Table of Contents Statements Some statements and disclosures in this document are statements. statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and can be identified by the use of words such as “may,” “believe,” “will,” “expect,” “project,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “plan”, "aim", or “continue.” These statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our plans and expectations, including actual results, to differ materially from the statements. Risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results include, but are not limited to, adverse results from pending or future government investigations, lawsuits or private actions, the competitive environment, the complexity of billing, reimbursement and revenue recognition for clinical laboratory testing, changes in government regulations, changing relationships with customers, payers, suppliers and strategic partners, acquisitions and other factors discussed in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including those discussed in the “Business,” “Risk Factors,” “Cautionary Factors that May Affect Future Results” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of those reports. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk See Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Item 4. Controls and Procedures Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. During the second quarter of 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings See Note 11 to the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements for information regarding the status of legal proceedings involving the Company. 37 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business and operations could be adversely impacted by the FDA's approach to regulation. The FDA has regulatory responsibility over, among other areas, instruments, software, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories to perform diagnostic testing in the United States. The FDA has publicly asserted authority over laboratory testing (LDTs) since the 1990s. A number of tests we develop internally are offered as LDTs. The FDA has claimed regulatory authority over all LDTs, but has stated that it has exercised enforcement discretion with regard to most LDTs performed by high complexity laboratories. As the FDA moves to regulate more clinical laboratory testing, its approach to regulation is expected to impact industry practices and participants, new competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. On May 6, 2024, the FDA published a final rule to broaden the definition of medical devices to include diagnostic tests and to regulate the laboratories that develop them. The final rule initiates a period for a process of compliance with medical device regulations, certain FDA quality system requirements and for any required LDT submissions. We continue to evaluate the final rule and are working to ensure compliance with its requirements. Legal challenges have been made to the final rule that may vacate, change, delay or uphold the final rule. The final rule could also impact a revitalization and passage of legislation that authorizes the FDA to regulate LDTs by amending the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. However, the final rule requires compliance until such court determination or passage of such legislation. The final rule could have a significant impact on the clinical laboratory testing industry, while creating new avenues of opportunity and competition regarding clinical laboratory testing. New competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. The final outcome and effects of the final rule on our business are still uncertain and difficult to predict. 38 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company of its common stock during the second quarter of 2024. ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) April 1, 2024 – April 30, 2024 Share Repurchase Program (A) — $ — — $ 1,035,913 Employee Transactions (B) — $ — N/A N/A May 1, 2024 - May 31, 2024 Share Repurchase Program (A) — $ — — $ 1,035,913 Employee Transactions (B) 1,364 $ 143.16 N/A N/A June 1, 2024 – June 30, 2024 Share Repurchase Program (A) — $ — — $ 1,035,913 Employee Transactions (B) — $ — N/A N/A Total Share Repurchase Program (A) — $ — — $ 1,035,913 Employee Transactions (B) 1,364 $ 143.16 N/A N/A (A) Since the share repurchase program’s inception in May 2003, our Board of Directors has authorized $13 billion of share repurchases of our common stock through June 30, 2024. The share repurchase authorization has no set expiration or termination date. (B) Includes: (1) shares delivered or attested to in satisfaction of the exercise price and/or tax withholding obligations by holders of stock options (granted under the Company’s Amended and Restated Employee Incentive Plan) who exercised options; and (2) shares withheld (under the terms of grants under the Amended and Restated Employee Incentive Plan) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon the delivery of outstanding common shares underlying restricted stock units and performance share units. 39 Table of Contents Item 5. Other Information None . 40 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits: 10.1* Equity Purchase Agreement, dated July 2, 2024, by and among the Company and Ontario Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and Borealis Infrastructure Corporation, a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada, BPC Health Trust, a trust organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario, LifeLabs Inc., a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada, and BPC Lab Finance LP, an Ontario limited partnership 22 Subsidiary Guarantors of Securities 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document - .xsd 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document - .xml 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document - .xml 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document - .xml 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document - .xml 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Certain information contained in this exhibit, marked by [***], has been omitted because it (i) is not material and (ii) is the type of information that we treat as private or confidential. 41 Table of Contents Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. July 24, 2024 Quest Diagnostics Incorporated By /s/ James E. Davis James E. Davis Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President By /s/ Sam A. Samad Sam A. Samad Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 42