Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 38 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 40 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 40 Item 9B. Other Information 41 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 41 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 42 Item 11. Executive Compensation 42 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 42 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 42 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 42 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 43 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 47 Signatures 47 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, are " statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). These statements generally are identified by the words "believe," "aim," "projected," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "forecast," "outlook," "intend," "scheduled," "targets," "strategy," "future," "opportunity," "plan," "may," "should," "will," "would," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar expressions generally intended to identify statements. These statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our statements. statements speak only as of the date they are made and are not guarantees of future performance. They are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions, that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections including, among other things: • global macroeconomic factors; • increased prices and inflationary pressures; • volatility and uncertainty in the political, economic and regulatory environments in which we operate, including new or increased tariffs, changes to trade agreements, sanctions, import and export regulations, custom duties and applicable tax regulations and interpretations, social and political unrest, instability, national and international conflict, terrorist acts and other geographical disputes and uncertainties; • the strength and stability of the institutional, commercial and residential construction and remodeling markets; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • potential impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets and/or our assets; • instability in the U.S. and global capital and credit markets; • our ability to make scheduled debt payments or to refinance our debt obligations; • increased competition, including from technological developments; • the development, commercialization and acceptance of new products and services; • changes in customer and consumer preferences and our ability to maintain beneficial relationships with large customers; • our products or solutions failing to meet certification and specification requirements, being defective, causing property damage, bodily harm or injury, or otherwise falling short of customers’ needs and expectations; • our ability to identify and successfully complete and integrate acquisitions, including achieving their anticipated strategic and financial benefits; • business opportunities that diverge from our core business; • our ability to achieve the expected improvements or financial returns we expect from our strategic initiatives; • our ability to effectively manage and implement restructuring initiatives or other organizational changes; • global climate change or other unexpected events, including global health crises; • the proper functioning of our information technology and operational technology systems, including disruption or breaches of our information systems, such as cybersecurity attacks; • the failure of our vendors to provide effective support for many of the critical elements of our global information and operational technology infrastructure; • our ability to recruit and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce; • disruptions in our global supply chain, including product manufacturing and logistical services provided by our supplier partners; • our ability to effectively manage real or perceived issues related to product quality, safety, corporate social responsibility and other reputational matters; 2 Table of Contents • our ability to protect our brand reputation and trademarks; • legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements imposed against us or our assets as a result of legal proceedings, claims and disputes; • claims of infringement of intellectual property rights by third parties; • improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners; • changes to, or changes in interpretations of, current laws and regulations; • uncertainty and inherent subjectivity related to transfer pricing regulations in the countries in which we operate; • changes in tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities; and • risks related to our incorporation in Ireland, including the possible effects on us of future legislation or adverse determinations by taxing authorities that could increase our tax burden. These events, risks and uncertainties are further described in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. We do not undertake to update any statements, except as required by law. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Overview Allegion plc ("Allegion," "we," "us" or "the Company") is a leading global provider of security products and solutions that keep people and assets safe and secure in the places they live, learn, work and connect. We pioneer safety and security to create a safer and more accessible world. Both developing and partnering are central to our work to create ecosystems that enable seamless access experiences and an uninterrupted and secure flow of people and assets. We offer an extensive and versatile portfolio of security and access control products and solutions across a range of brands. Our experts around the world deliver hardware, software, services and systems, and we use our deep expertise to serve as trusted partners to who seek customized solutions to their security needs. We offer the following extensive and versatile portfolio of security and access control products and solutions across a range of brands: • Door controls, door control systems, and exit devices : An extensive portfolio of products and solutions generally installed on fire doors and facility entrances and exits. Exit devices, also known as panic hardware, provide rapid egress to allow building occupants to exit safely in an emergency. Door controls and systems include mechanical door closers, automatic door operators, as well as interior and storefront door systems. In addition, we offer a full range of automatic entrance solutions, including sliding, swing, folding and ICU doors, as well as an array of sensors, controls and security options for commercial and institutional buildings. Sold under leading brands like Briton ® , CISA ® , LCN ® , STANLEY ® Access Technologies ("Stanley Access Technologies" or "Stanley"; "STANLEY" is the property of Stanley Logistics L.L.C.) and Von Duprin ® ; • Doors, glass and door systems, and accessories : A portfolio of hollow metal doors and frames, glass and specialty door systems, as well as a variety of additional security products and components, including hinges, door pulls, door stops, louvers, weather stripping, thresholds and other accessories. Sold under leading brands like Falcon ® , ® , Ives ® , Republic™, Steelcraft ® , TGP ® and Trimco ® ; • Electronic security products and access control systems, including time, attendance and workforce productivity : A broad range of electronic locks, electronic door closers and exit devices, access control products and systems, credentials and credential readers and accessories, including Bluetooth Low Energy, Power over Ethernet and solutions, including products designed to help business customers manage and monitor workforce access, attendance and employee scheduling. Sold under leading brands like Bricard ® , CISA, ELATEC ® , Interflex ® , LCN, Schlage ® , SimonsVoss ® and Von Duprin; • Locks, locksets, portable locks, and key systems : A broad array of cylindrical, tubular and mortice door locksets, security levers and master key systems that are used to protect and control access and a range of portable security products, including bicycle, small vehicle and travel locks. Sold under leading brands like Bricard, AXA, CISA, Falcon, Gainsborough ® , Schlage and SimonsVoss; and • Services and software : Our Stanley Access Technologies business offers extensive planned inspection, maintenance and repair services for its automatic entrance solutions throughout the U.S. and Canada. We offer ongoing aftermarket services and design and installation offerings in select locations. Additionally, we offer software as a service ("SaaS") offerings throughout the U.S. and internationally, including access control, platform integration and workforce management solutions through brands like Interflex, Yonomi ® and Zentra ® among others. Security and access control products and solutions are critical elements in every building and home. Many door openings are configured to maximize a room’s particular form and function while also meeting local and national building and safety code requirements and security needs. Most buildings have multiple door openings, each serving its own purpose and requiring different specific access control solutions. Each door must fit exactly within its frame, be prepared precisely for its hinges, synchronize with its specific lockset and corresponding latch and align with a specific key to secure the door. Moreover, with the growing adoption of connected hardware and software solutions, security products – including credentials – are increasingly linked electronically, integrated into access control software and popular consumer technology platforms and controlled with mobile applications, creating additional functionality and complexity. We believe our ability to deliver a wide range of solutions that can be custom configured to meet ’ security needs is a key driver of our success. We accomplish this with: • Our innovative, brands, many of which are known as pioneers in safety and / or invented their product categories, including: CISA, Interflex, LCN, Schlage, SimonsVoss and Von Duprin; • Our extensive and versatile product and service portfolio, combined with our deep expertise, which enable us to deliver the right products and solutions to meet diverse security and functional specifications and to successfully and securely integrate into leading technologies and systems; • Our consultative approach and expertise, which enable us to develop the most efficient and appropriate building security and access control specifications to fulfill the unique needs of our and their partners, including architects, designers, security consultants, contractors, homebuilders and engineers; 4 Table of Contents • Our access to and management of key channels in the market, which is critical to delivering our products in an efficient and consistent manner; and • Our enterprise excellence capabilities, including our global manufacturing operations and agile supply chain, which facilitate our ability to deliver specific product and system configurations to and consumers worldwide, quickly and efficiently. We believe the security products industry will continue to benefit from several global macroeconomic trends, including: • Expected growth in global electronic and electromechanical products and solutions as adopt newer technologies in their facilities and homes; • Heightened awareness of security and privacy requirements; • Increased focus and adoption of mobile technology; and • The shift to digital, interconnected and increasingly interoperable environments that require a strong ecosystem of partners. We sell a wide range of security and access control solutions for in commercial, institutional and residential facilities worldwide, including education, healthcare, government, hospitality, retail, commercial office and single and residential markets. Our portfolio spans more than 40 brands, including brands like CISA, Interflex, LCN, Schlage, SimonsVoss, and Von Duprin. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated Net revenues of $4,067.3 million and Operating income of $859.5 million. The following table presents percentage of Net revenues by category. History and Developments We were incorporated in Ireland on May 9, 2013, to hold the commercial and residential security businesses of what was then Ingersoll Rand plc ("Ingersoll Rand"). On December 1, 2013, we became a public company after Ingersoll Rand completed the separation of these businesses from the rest of Ingersoll Rand via the transfer of these businesses from Ingersoll Rand to us and the issuance by us of ordinary shares directly to Ingersoll Rand’s shareholders. Our security businesses have long and distinguished operating histories. Several of our brands were established more than 100 years ago, and many originally created their categories: • Von Duprin, established in 1908, was awarded the first exit device patent; • Schlage, established in 1920, was awarded the first patents granted for the cylindrical lock and the push button lock; 5 Table of Contents • LCN, established in 1926, created the first door closer; • CISA, established in 1926, devised the first electronically controlled lock; • SimonsVoss, established in 1995, created the first keyless digital transponder; and • Stanley Access Technologies patented the world's first door operator in 1931. We have built upon these founding legacies since our entry into the security products market through the acquisition of Schlage, Von Duprin and LCN. Today, we continue to develop, acquire and introduce innovative products. In 2018, we announced the formation of Allegion Ventures to invest in and help accelerate the growth of companies that have innovative, technologies and products such as touchless access and workspace monitoring solutions that complement our core business solutions. Building on this success, in December 2021, Allegion Ventures announced a second fund with an additional allocation of $100 million to focus on investing in technologies like artificial intelligence, video monitoring, machine learning and cybersecurity. Recent examples of successful product launches by Allegion are illustrated in the table below: Products and Services Brands Year Innovation Door controls, door control systems, and exit devices CISA, LCN, Stanley Access Technologies, Von Duprin, 2024/2025 CISA Multitop Matic Exit, a secondary lock for single and double leaf aluminum and iron panic doors, brings to market the only "Made in Italy" featuring a long faceplate. LCN Senior Swing 9500IQ/2800, auto operator, is a fully loaded controller with innovative AdaptivIQ™ technology, minimizing seasonal adjustments and reducing nuisance calls. Stanley Access Technologies new automatic door/window solution for increased efficiencies for restaurants (DuraGlide DT). Telescopic manual and automatic version of ICU doors, providing the biggest clear door opening in the industry, proprietary handle design and the slimmest header (ProCare 8500). More and robust sliding doors (DuraStorm Class E). Von Duprin 70 series delivering both performance and value at a medium price point for heavy duty warehouse, industrial, office, multifamily, retail and hospitality applications. Von Duprin Outdoor Defense for 98/99 exit devices protects device functionality in outdoor applications, as it’s engineered to safeguard against moisture, temperature variations and corrosion in normal outdoor conditions. Doors, glass and door systems, and accessories Unicel 2024/2025 UL Certification of American Architectural Manufacturers Association (AAMA) 501.8 human impact resistant curtain wall using durable SentryGlas Plus laminated glass (Unicel). 6 Table of Contents Products and Services Brands Year Innovation Electronic security products and access control systems, including time, attendance, and workforce productivity Brisant, ELATEC, Schlage, SimonsVoss 2024/2025 Brisant Ultion Nuki 2025 features WiFi, enhanced motor performance, Matter compatibility ensuring it can work with home platforms including Apple Home, Google Home, Amazon Alexa and Samsung SmartThings. ELATEC software development toolkit, TWN4 DevPack 5.07, delivers faster performance, stronger security and greater flexibility for configuring and managing RFID readers. Schlage launched Resident Key mobile credential for multifamily properties through internal (Zentra) and external technology alliances. Achieved with the credential in Apple Wallet® and among the first in Google Wallet™, both supporting unique system. Schlage XE360 series electronic lock is the next generation wireless lock from Schlage, designed specifically for multifamily properties. It delivers innovation, intelligence and reliability for a variety of lock applications (mortice, tubular and exit device). The XE360 ecosystem broadened with more than seven integrations, including Zentra. Schlage Arrive™ Smart WiFi Deadbolt, Schlage’s first keypad deadbolt equipped with WiFi, integrating with existing smart home technology. Schlage, in collaboration with Airbnb, was the first to launch the “airkey” integration, connecting Schlage smart locks and Airbnb accounts for easy guest . SimonsVoss FortLox, a electronic cylinder, offering customers the and ease of use without the need for a battery. 7 Table of Contents Products and Services Brands Year Innovation Locks, locksets, portable locks, and key systems Bricard, Schlage 2024/2025 Bricard key is equipped with an integrated RFID tag, enabling seamless operation of both mechanical and electronic access control devices. Schlage indication series includes various security devices designed for public buildings and facilities. The security indicators provide verification of the door’s status (LOCKED / UNLOCKED) from inside a room. Schlage Performance Series are mortise, cylindrical, and tubular locks built to balance style, security, and simplicity for commercial real estate and multifamily projects. Schlage Advanced Rekey™ is a rekeying solution for key management to rekey locks without removing them from the door. Services and software Interflex, Overtur, SimonsVoss 2024/2025 Interflex Software System enhancements enable remote firmware updates for its series readers via the controller, including improved visitor management. Overtur for Revit 5.1 is the ultimate tool for door hardware coordination, with faster exports, improved workflows and functionality. Overtur Key System Management, a subscription solution, offers authorized users a simpler way to view, manage, track and update a building’s key system, regardless of complexity. SimonsVoss AXM Plus Software, first software variant with an optional cloud connection, to give customers the opportunity to deploy mobile credentials in a virtual networked environment. 8 Table of Contents Industry and Competition We serve customers within institutional, commercial and residential construction and remodeling markets throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Oceania. We expect the security products industry will continue to benefit from favorable trends such as increased concerns about safety and security, and innovation that enables seamless access and a better user experience as people and assets traverse multiple locations and facilities. Further, we expect continued growth in connected security products and solutions as continue to adopt newer technologies, including mobile solutions and artificial intelligence, in their facilities and single and homes. The security products markets are highly competitive and fragmented throughout the world, with a number of large companies and thousands of smaller regional and local companies. This high degree of fragmentation primarily reflects local regulatory requirements and highly variable needs. We believe our principal global competitors are Assa Abloy AB and dormakaba Group. We also face competition in various markets and product categories throughout the world, including Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. in the North American residential market and from private label brands. As we move into more technologically advanced product categories, we may also compete against new, more specialized competitors. Our success depends on a variety of factors, including brand and reputation, knowledge and expertise in our industry, product breadth, innovation, integration with popular technology platforms, quality and delivery capabilities, price and service capabilities. As many of our businesses sell through distribution, our success also depends on building and partnering with a strong channel network. We compete based on the breadth, innovation and quality of our products and solutions, pricing, our ability to solutions to meet individual requirements and our global supply chain. Customers We sell most of our products and solutions through distribution and retail channels, including specialty distribution, e-commerce and wholesalers. We have built a network of channel partners that help our customers choose the right solution to meet their security needs and help commercial and institutional fulfill and install orders. We also sell through a variety of retail channels, including large home improvement centers, multiple online and e-commerce platforms, as well as small, specialty showroom outlets. We work with our retail partners on developing marketing and merchandising strategies to maximize their sales per square foot of shelf space. Through a few of our businesses, most notably Stanley Access Technologies, Interflex and our Global Portable Security brands, we also provide products and services directly to . Our 10 largest customers represented approximately 26% of our total Net revenues in 2025. No single customer represented 10% or more of our total Net revenues in 2025. Sales and Marketing In markets where we sell through commercial and institutional distribution channels, we employ sales professionals around the world who work with a combination of , security professionals, architects, contractors, engineers and distribution partners to develop specific, solutions to meet our ’ needs. Our field sales professionals are assisted by specification writers who work with architects, engineers and consultants to help design door openings and security systems to meet ’ functional, aesthetic and regulatory requirements. Both groups are supported by dedicated customer care and technical sales support specialists worldwide. We also support our sales efforts with a variety of marketing efforts, including advertising, cooperative distributor merchandising, digital marketing and marketing at a variety of industry trade shows. In markets where we sell through retail and homebuilder distribution channels, we have teams of sales, merchandising and marketing professionals who help drive brand and product awareness through our channel partners and to consumers. We utilize a variety of advertising and marketing strategies, including traditional consumer media, retail merchandising, digital marketing, retail promotions and builder and consumer trade shows, to support these teams. We also work actively with several industry bodies around the world to help promote effective and consistent safety and security open platform standards. For example, we are members of the American Association of Automatic Door Manufacturers (AAADM), American Institute of Architects (AIA), Builders Hardware Manufacturers Association (BHMA), Connectivity Standards Alliance (CSA), Door Security and Safety Foundation (DSSF), Construction Specification Institute, Door and Hardware Institute (DHI), FiRa Consortium, National Association of State Fire Marshals (NASFM), Partner Alliance for Safer Schools (PASS), Physical Security Interoperability Alliance (PSIA), Security Industry Association (SIA), Security Technology Alliance, Z-Wave Alliance, The European Federation of Associations of Locks and Builders Hardware Manufacturers (ARGE), ASSOFERMA (Italy), BHE (Germany), Door Hardware Federation (UK), Open Security Standards Association (Germany) and UNIQ (France). Production and Distribution We manufacture products in several geographic markets around the world. We operate 37 principal production and assembly facilities – 22 in our Allegion Americas segment and 15 in our Allegion International segment. Our strategy is to produce in the region of use, wherever appropriate, to allow us to be closer to the and increase efficiency and timely product delivery. Much of our U.S. based residential portfolio is manufactured in the Baja region of Mexico under the Maquiladora, 9 Table of Contents Manufacturing and Export Services Industry ("IMMEX") program. In managing our network of production and assembly facilities, we focus on continuous improvement in customer experience, employee health and safety, productivity, resource utilization and operational excellence. We distribute our products through a broad network of channel partners. In addition, manufacturing and logistics providers perform certain manufacturing, storage and distribution services for us to support certain parts of our manufacturing and distribution network. Raw Materials We continue to support our production strategy with corresponding supplier partners for much of our supply base. Our global and regional commodity teams work with production leadership, product management and materials management teams to source materials for production. Where appropriate, we may enter contracts to lower overall costs. We purchase a wide range of raw materials, including steel, zinc, brass and other metals, as well as other parts and components, such as electronic components, to support our production facilities. Intellectual Property Intellectual property, inclusive of certain patents, trademarks, copyrights, , trade secrets and other proprietary rights, is important to our business. We create, protect and enforce our intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to help ensure the protection and enforcement of our intellectual property rights. We use trademarks on nearly all our products and believe such distinctive marks are an important factor in creating a market for our goods, in identifying us and in distinguishing our products from others. We consider our CISA, Interflex, LCN, Schlage, SimonsVoss, Von Duprin and other associated trademarks to be among our most valuable assets, and we have registered these trademarks in a number of countries. Although certain proprietary intellectual property rights are important to our success, we do not believe we are materially dependent on any particular patent or license, or any particular group of patents or licenses. Research and Development Our research and development ("R&D") efforts focus on advancing innovative products and solutions designed to drive growth and enhance competitiveness. Key areas of emphasis include the development of new product platforms as well as initiatives aimed at improving product cost efficiency, quality, safety and sustainability. R&D resources are managed globally to leverage technologies and product platforms across our business units, while optimizing development costs and resource utilization. Regional teams apply their expertise in local standards and configurations to adapt products to specific market requirements, thereby enhancing customer value. Additionally, we operate a global technology center in Bengaluru, India, which provides engineering support and augments the capabilities of our regional R&D teams. Seasonality Our business experiences seasonality that varies by product and service line. For instance, as more construction and projects occur during the second and third calendar quarters in the Northern Hemisphere, our security product sales related to those projects are typically higher in those quarters than in the first and fourth quarters. However, certain other businesses typically experience higher sales in the fourth quarter, due to demand for services and project timing. Human Capital Our human capital strategy is based on our values and is foundational to achieving our business strategy. Our workplace culture is based on practices that reward performance, provide growth and development opportunities, and support employees with competitive compensation and benefits packages. As a testament to this, Allegion received the Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award in both 2024 and 2025. This award recognizes the most engaged workplace cultures in the world. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 13,300 employees worldwide. Our employee base is supplemented by contingent labor where business demand fluctuates or we experience needs for specialized skills. Approximately 45% of employees are employed within the U.S. and approximately 55% based outside the U.S. Among our U.S. based employees, approximately 16% were subject to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. Outside the U.S., we have employees in certain countries, particularly in Europe, that are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a works council. We believe our relations with our workforce in both unionized and settings are generally positive. Talent Attraction and Retention Our employer brand creates a differentiated employee experience intended to attract and retain the right talent for Allegion. Our talent attraction efforts are focused on and highlight a culture that reflects our core values, Allegion leadership behaviors and business objectives. 10 Table of Contents We want to attract talent with core capabilities relevant to our corporate business strategy: customer focus, innovation, partnering, pace and agility and collaboration. We use a variety of recruitment tactics to help ensure a strong base of labor for manufacturing operations and to build the base of talent with these capabilities. Throughout the recruitment cycle, we provide a seamless experience for internal and external candidates and hiring managers. Our compensation and benefit programs are designed to be competitive in the geographies where we work, including a total rewards package (which varies by country/region) that includes hourly and salaried compensation, performance-based incentive and equity incentive plans, retirement, insurance and government social welfare programs, disability and family leave, health and wellness programs, education benefits to pursue degrees and certifications and additional offerings to support financial stability and personal planning. Talent Development and Succession Planning Talent development and succession planning are key components of the Allegion Operating System, which supports governance, reporting processes and management of the business. Our performance management system includes annual performance reviews for all permanent salaried employees. Talent development and succession planning takes place at all levels of the organization and is supported through individual career mapping, assessment of performance and talent pipeline planning up to and including the executive leadership team ("ELT"). As part of their quarterly business review, the ELT reviews talent development, focusing on developing a diverse succession pipeline. These reviews highlight individuals who are ready for new opportunities, individuals who are on a special assignment or project and individuals early in their career that demonstrate emerging leadership skills. Learning and Development Opportunities for ongoing learning and development are delivered to employees through structured coursework, and training and experiential, applied development. The Allegion Academy is offered globally, supporting multiple languages and providing thousands of online courses. We offer programs to provide successive levels of development, including and upskilling existing employees, as well as leadership curriculum and global programs for employee mentoring and coaching. Culture and Engagement Culture and engagement are also parts of the Allegion Operating System. Engagement surveys provide a mechanism to gather direct employee feedback, give team leaders insights on potential areas of focus, and allow leaders to prioritize and act on their teams’ foundational, inclusion, growth and development needs. leadership is an element of our commitment to inclusion: the more employees understand their own strengths, the better equipped they are to add value and appreciate the contributions of team members. We believe in fundamental standards that support our employees, while building and maintaining diverse and inclusive workplaces. resource and affinity groups provide opportunities for a variety of members of our workforce. Employee Health and Safety Employee health and safety are top priorities and integral to the Company's growth strategy. ‘Be safe, be healthy’ is a core organizational value in our proactive safety culture. The ELT, with oversight from our Board of Directors, is responsible for risk management, employee accountability, safety hazard recognition and executing safety initiatives. We monitor leading and lagging indicators related to health and safety as part of our ongoing management of the Allegion Operating System and we regularly update the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors on key developments and employee health and safety topics. Regulatory Matters We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations, both within and outside the U.S., relating to Environmental, Health and Safety ("EHS") matters. We are committed to conducting business in a safe, environmentally responsible and sustainable manner, in compliance with all applicable EHS laws and regulations, as well as some applicable voluntary programs and collective agreements. We continuously work to promote and protect the health and safety of the environment, employees, customers, contractors and members of our local communities worldwide. We operate with principles and practices that support our commitments. These include: • Integrating sound EHS and sustainability strategies in all elements of our business, we set quantitative metrics and targets to provide clear accountability and to monitor and measure improvement in EHS performance; • Conducting periodic, formal evaluations and audits of our compliance status, while also routinely reviewing our objectives and metrics; • Fostering a workplace culture where everyone at Allegion is responsible for safety: • Implementing measures to enhance internal and external stakeholder awareness of our environmental management policy and its impacts; 11 Table of Contents • Establishing prioritization and action plans to continuously improve our EHS and sustainability management systems and performance; this includes reduction in use of natural resources, minimization of waste and prevention of pollution, as well as prevention and elimination of workplace accidents, injuries and risks; • Designing, operating and maintaining our facilities in a manner that minimizes negative EHS and sustainability impacts; • Using materials responsibly, including, where feasible, the recycling and reuse of materials; and • Acting in a way that shows sensitivity to community concerns about EHS and sustainability issues. We recognize these principles are critical to our future success. We are currently engaged in site investigations and remediation activities to address environmental cleanup from past operations at current and former production facilities. We also regularly evaluate our remediation methods that are in addition to, or in replacement of, those we currently utilize based upon enhanced technology and regulatory changes. We are sometimes a party to environmental lawsuits and claims and have, from time to time, received notices of potential violations of environmental laws and regulations from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") and similar state authorities. We have also been identified as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") for cleanup costs associated with waste disposal at federal Superfund and state remediation sites. For all such sites, there are other PRPs, and we believe our involvement is minimal. In estimating our liability, we have assumed that we will not bear the entire cost of remediation of any site to the exclusion of other PRPs who may be jointly and severally liable. The ability of other PRPs to participate has been taken into account, based on our understanding of the parties’ financial condition and probable contributions on a per site basis. Additional lawsuits and claims involving environmental matters are likely to arise from time to time in the future. For a further discussion of our potential environmental liabilities, see Notes 2 and 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors important to our business are embedded into our values and our leadership's commitment to create a workplace culture grounded in doing the right thing in the right way. Our Board of Directors oversees the Company's ESG strategies, goals and performance, and both our leadership and employees all have a responsibility to uphold excellence, as we believe our commitment to ESG matters helps advance engagement and business vitality. Additional information about our ESG priorities and progress may be found in the ESG section of our website (found under the ESG tab at www.allegion.com ). The website highlights our ongoing progress and advancements in ESG matters. Available Information We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that are filed by us at www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as future quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to all of the foregoing reports, are made available free of charge on our investor website ( investor.allegion.com ) as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to additional information that may be found or is available on our websites. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our websites is not incorporated by reference into, and is not part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS We are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control – that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below, together with all the other information included in this Form 10-K, in evaluating us and our securities. If any of the events, risks or uncertainties below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Any such adverse effect may cause the trading price of our securities to decline, and as a result, you could lose all or part of your investment in us. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may also be materially and adversely affected by events, risks and uncertainties not known to us or events, risks and uncertainties that we currently believe to be immaterial. Economic, Market and Financial Risks Our business performance is impacted by the strength of the institutional, commercial and residential construction and remodeling markets and global macroeconomic factors. Demand for our security products and solutions relies on the institutional, commercial, and residential construction and remodeling markets, which are marked by cyclicality based on national, regional and local economic conditions, including consumer confidence and disposable income, corporate and government spending, trends, availability of credit and demand for new housing and infrastructure. As a result, weakness or instability in one or more of these markets could 12 Table of Contents slow demand for new construction or remodeling projects and cause current and potential customers to delay or cancel capital projects or otherwise choose not to make purchases, which could negatively impact the demand for our products and solutions and result in declines in our revenues, profitability and cash flows. In the recent past, our business operations and performance were also impacted by global macroeconomic challenges, including supply chain disruptions and delays, material, electronic component and labor shortages, prolonged periods of cost inflation, and increased interest rates. Negative macroeconomic trends, future market disruptions or uncertainty related to potential changes to fiscal and monetary policy and/or trade policy, including the imposition, or threatened imposition, of tariffs and potential retaliatory trade restrictions, may make it more challenging for us to manufacture and deliver products to our customers, could cause periodic production interruptions and supply constraints, impact our ability to forecast and plan for future business activities and, if not adequately managed by us, could cause a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Increased prices, whether due to inflationary pressures or other factors, could negatively impact our margin performance and our financial results. Higher prices for raw materials, parts and components, freight, packaging, labor and energy, whether caused by inflationary pressures or other geopolitical factors, such as new or increased tariffs, duties, or other charges as a result of changes to U.S. or international trade policies or trade agreements, increase our costs to manufacture and distribute our products and services, and we may be unable to pass these increased costs on to our customers. We do not currently use financial derivatives to hedge against volatility in commodity prices; however, we utilize firm purchase commitments, where possible, to help mitigate risk. The pricing of some materials, parts and components we use is based on market prices. To mitigate this exposure, we may use annual price contracts to minimize the impact of inflation and to benefit from deflation. However, these hedging and pricing strategies may not fully protect us against cost increases caused by factors such as new or increased tariffs, changing import duties, market illiquidity and specific local regulations. Additionally, we are exposed to fluctuations in other costs such as packaging, freight, labor and energy prices. If these costs increase beyond our ability to control for them through measures such as implementing operating efficiencies, or we are not able to increase prices to sufficiently offset the effect of various cost increases without negatively impacting customer demand, our margin performance and results of operations would be negatively impacted. Our global operations subject us to political, economic and regulatory risks, including uncertainty related to the imposition of new or increased tariffs and the global trade environment more generally. Our businesses operate around the world in various geographic regions and product markets. Additionally, we procure various products, parts, components and services from supplier partners located throughout the world. Our global operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the U.S. and internationally, including in Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Mexico, New Zealand and the Middle East. The political, economic and regulatory environments in which we operate are becoming increasingly volatile and uncertain. Accordingly, we are subject to multiple risks that are inherent in operating and sourcing globally, including: • Changes to trade agreements, foreign trade policies, sanctions, import and export regulations, including the imposition or threatened imposition of new or increased tariffs, quotas, customs duties and similar restrictions, as well as retaliatory actions that may be imposed by other governments in response to such tariffs or other trade restrictions; • Changes in applicable tax regulations and interpretations; • Economic downturns; • Social and political unrest, instability, national and international conflict, including the conflicts in the Middle East and the war between Russia and Ukraine, border closures, civil disturbances, terrorist acts and other geographical disputes and uncertainties; • Government measures to restrict business activity, for example, to prevent the spread of a communicable disease; • Changes in laws and regulations or imposition of currency restrictions and other restraints in various jurisdictions; • Limitation of ownership rights, including expropriation of assets by a local government, and limitation on the ability to repatriate earnings; • Sovereign debt crises and currency instability in developed and developing countries; • Difficulty in staffing and managing global operations; • Difficulty in enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through .S. legal systems; and • Difficulty in transporting materials, components and products. These risks have increased our cost of doing business in the U.S. and internationally. These risks may also increase our counterparty risk, disrupt our operations, disrupt the ability of suppliers and customers to fulfill their obligations, increase our effective tax rate, increase the cost of our products, limit our ability to sell products and services in certain markets, reduce our operating margin and cash flows and/or negatively impact our ability to compete. Throughout 2025, the U.S. government announced tariffs on imports from several countries from which we manufacture and/or import products and components. In 2025, we have offset inflation due to tariffs with pricing actions. We estimate we source approximately 20-25% of Cost of goods sold from Mexico and less than 5% of Cost of goods sold from China. The degree to 13 Table of Contents which any new or increased tariffs would impact our business and results of operations is largely dependent on factors outside of our control, including the timing, duration and magnitude of their implementation, and responses or retaliatory actions taken by other countries or regions. We can give no assurance that the impact of any tariffs will not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity or that actions we may take to mitigate the impact of the tariffs will be effective. Currency exchange rate fluctuations have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. See "Part II, Item 7A. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." Approximately 25% of our 2025 Net revenues were derived outside the U.S., and we expect sales to .S. customers to continue to represent a significant portion of our consolidated Net revenues. Although we may enter into currency exchange contracts to reduce our risk related to currency exchange fluctuations, changes in the relative fair values of currencies occur from time to time and in some instances have had a significant impact on our results of operations. We do not hedge against all our currency exposure, and therefore, our results of operations will continue to be susceptible to impacts from currency fluctuations. We also translate assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses denominated in .S. dollar currencies into U.S. dollars for our Consolidated Financial Statements based on applicable exchange rates. Consequently, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies may have a material impact on the value of these items in our Consolidated Financial Statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. Further, certain of our businesses may invoice customers in a currency other than its functional currency, or may be invoiced by suppliers in a currency other than its functional currency, which could result in unfavorable translation effects on these businesses and our results of operations. We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill, intangible assets and other assets. At December 31, 2025, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $1.9 billion and $107.2 million, respectively. Pursuant to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), we are required to annually assess our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. In addition, interim assessments must be performed for these and other assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. Significant disruptions to our business or end market conditions, protracted economic weakness (including a potential economic downturn or recession), unexpected significant declines in operating results of reporting units, divestitures or market capitalization declines may result in recognition of impairment charges to our goodwill, intangible or other assets. Any charges relating to such impairments could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations in the periods when recognized. The capital and credit markets are important to our business. Future instability in U.S. and global capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate volatility or reductions in the credit ratings assigned to us by independent ratings agencies, could reduce our access to capital markets, increase our costs of borrowing or adversely impact our ability to obtain favorable financing terms in the future. In particular, if we are unable to access capital and credit markets on terms that are acceptable to us, we may not be able to execute potential merger and acquisition plans, make other investments or fully execute our business plans and strategy. Our suppliers and customers are also dependent upon the capital and credit markets. Limitations on the ability of customers, suppliers or financial counterparties to access credit could lead to insolvencies of key suppliers and customers, limit or prevent customers from obtaining credit to finance purchases of our products and services, delay institutional, commercial and/or residential construction and remodeling projects and cause delays in the delivery of key products from suppliers. There are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness. We had approximately $2.0 billion of outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2025. We have a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility") that permits borrowings of up to $1.0 billion. A portion of our cash flows from operations is dedicated to servicing our indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including our operations, capital expenditures, payment of dividends, share repurchases or future business opportunities or other strategic investments. At December 31, 2025, we had $190.6 million outstanding on the Revolving Facility, which exposes us to variable interest rate risk. We are also exposed to the risk of continued rising interest rates to the extent we fund our short or financing needs with borrowings under the Revolving Facility. If variable base rates under the Revolving Facility increase in the future, our Interest expense could increase as well. For more details about our interest rate exposure under the Revolving Facility, please see Part II. Item 7A. 14 Table of Contents Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control, such as the credit ratings assigned to us by independent ratings agencies or our ability to access capital markets on acceptable terms. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends, sell assets, seek additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In such event, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. If we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial covenants or if we breach other covenants in any debt agreement, we could be in default under such agreement or trigger a of other debt instruments. Such a default would adversely affect our credit ratings, may allow our creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a or provision applies. Strategic and Operational Risks Increased competition, including from technological developments, could adversely affect our business. The markets in which we operate include a large number of participants, including , regional and small, local companies. We primarily compete on the basis of quality, innovation, expertise, effective channels to market, breadth of product offering and price. We may be unable to effectively compete on all these bases. Further, in a number of our product offerings, we compete with our retail customers and technology partners who use their own private labels. If we are unable to anticipate evolving trends in the market or the timing and scale of our competitors’ activities and initiatives, including increased competition from private label brands, the demand for our products and services could be negatively impacted. In addition, we compete in an industry that is experiencing the convergence of mechanical, electronic and digital products. Technology and innovation play significant roles in the competitive landscape. Our success depends, in part, upon the research, development and implementation of new technologies and products including obtaining, maintaining and enforcing necessary intellectual property protections. Securing and maintaining key partnerships and alliances, recruiting and retaining highly skilled and qualified employee talent and having access to technologies, services, intellectual property and solutions developed by others will play a significant role in our ability to effectively compete. The continual development of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, by existing and new competitors, including competitors with significant resources, could adversely affect our ability to sustain operating margins and desirable levels of sales volumes. To remain competitive, we must develop new products and service offerings and respond to new technologies in a timely manner. Our growth is dependent, in part, on the development, commercialization and acceptance of new products and services. We must develop and commercialize new products and services that meet the varied and evolving needs of our customers and in order to remain competitive in our current and future markets and in order to continue to grow our business. End- users are continually adopting more advanced technologies in their facilities and homes, accelerated by the increasing adoption of IoT technologies and connected devices, which will require us to devote significant effort and resources to the development, maintenance and enhancement of our IT Systems (as defined below) and other infrastructure required to support and/or enhance the functionality of our electronic products and solutions. The speed of development by our competitors and new market entrants is increasing. We cannot provide any assurance that any new product or service will be successfully commercialized in a timely manner, if ever, or, if commercialized, will result in returns greater than our investment. Investment in a product or service could divert our attention and resources from other projects that become more commercially viable in the market. We also cannot provide any assurance that any new product or service will be accepted by the market. Changes in customer and consumer preferences and the inability to maintain beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business. We have significant customers, particularly major retailers, although no one customer represented 10% or more of our total Net revenues in any of the past three fiscal years. The loss or material reduction of business, either due to a reduction in demand from one or more of our significant customers, or our inability to timely meet any elevated level of customer demand for various reasons, the lack of success of sales initiatives or changes in customer preferences or loyalties for our products related to any such significant customer could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, major customers who are volume purchasers are much larger than us and have strong bargaining power with their suppliers. This limits our ability to recover cost increases through higher selling prices. Furthermore, unanticipated inventory adjustments by these customers can have a negative impact on sales. We also sell our products through various trade channels, including traditional retail and e-commerce channels. If we or our major customers are not successful in navigating the shifting consumer preferences to distribution channels such as e-commerce, our expected future revenues may be negatively impacted. 15 Table of Contents If our products or solutions fail to meet certification and specification requirements, are defective, cause, or are alleged to have caused, bodily harm or injury, or otherwise fall short of ' needs and expectations, our business may be negatively impacted. The security and access control product markets we serve often have unique certification and specification requirements, reflecting local regulatory requirements and highly variable needs. While we strive to meet all certification and specification requirements, if any of our products or solutions do not meet such requirements, or contain, or are perceived to contain, defects or otherwise fall short of ' needs and expectations, fail to perform as intended, or are otherwise alleged to result in property damage, bodily injury and/or death we may become subject to personal injury lawsuits and/or product liability claims, and if found liable, may incur significant costs, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, electronic security products and solutions are increasingly more sophisticated and technologically complex than the mechanical security products we sell and have an increased risk of design, cybersecurity or manufacturing defects, which could lead to recalls, product replacements or modifications, of inventory or other assets and significant warranty and other expenses. Product quality issues could also adversely affect the experience, resulting in reputational harm, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and solutions, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales. Further, adverse publicity, whether or not justified, or allegations of product or service quality issues, even if false or unfounded, could damage our reputation and negatively affect our sales. Our business and innovation strategies include making acquisitions of, and investments in, external companies. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful, consume significant resources or increase our exposure to cybersecurity, data privacy or other regulatory risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our growth strategies include the acquisition of businesses or product lines to strengthen our industry position, enhance our existing set of products and services offerings or expand into adjacent markets. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will identify or successfully complete acquisitions with suitable candidates in the future, nor can we provide assurance that completed or future acquisitions will be successful or otherwise achieve the anticipated strategic and financial benefits, including cost and revenue synergies. Acquisitions often place significant demands on management, operational and financial resources, which could decrease management’s capacity to focus on other important business strategies or divert resources from other parts of our business. Further, the success of future or completed acquisitions will depend, in large part, on the successful integration of operations, sales and marketing, information technology, finance and administrative operations. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate these new businesses. Additionally, the financing of future business acquisitions may increase our leverage, impact our credit rating and/or diminish our financial position and ability to in our existing businesses. Future acquisitions may also be dependent on our ability to access the capital and credit markets to obtain new debt or equity financing to fund the purchase price on terms that are acceptable to us. Some of the businesses we may seek to acquire may be marginally profitable or unprofitable. For these businesses to achieve acceptable levels of profitability, we may need to improve their management, operations, products and market penetration or incur significant capital expenditures. We may not be successful in this regard, the costs of doing so may exceed our original estimates or we may encounter other potential difficulties. Acquisitions also involve numerous other risks, including: • Difficulties in obtaining and verifying the financial statements and other business information of acquired businesses; • Our ability to raise capital on reasonable terms to finance attractive acquisitions; • Inability to obtain regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms; • Potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships or key customers of acquired companies or of us; • Difficulties competing in any new markets we may enter; • Assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities (including, but not limited to, regulatory, legal and product or personal liability claims) of acquired companies; • Cybersecurity related vulnerabilities or data security incidents that may be present in the IT Systems of acquired companies, or emerge when integrating the acquired company into our IT Systems; • Dilution of interests of holders of our ordinary shares through the issuance of equity securities or securities; • Labor disruptions, work stoppages or other issues, particularly if employees of the acquired companies are represented by labor unions or trade councils; and • Difficulty in integrating financial reporting systems and implementing controls, procedures and policies, including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting appropriate for public companies of our size at companies that, prior to the acquisition, had lacked such controls, procedures and policies. 16 Table of Contents Further, as part of our innovation strategy, from time to time we invest in companies and/or development stage technology or other companies. In evaluating these opportunities, we follow a structured evaluation process that considers factors such as potential financial returns, new expertise in emerging technology and business benefits. Despite our best efforts to calculate potential return and risk, some or all of the companies we invest in may be unprofitable at the time of, and subsequent to, our investment. We may lose money in these investments, including the potential for future impairment charges on the investments, and the anticipated benefits of the technology and business relationships may be less than expected. We may pursue business opportunities that diverge from our core business. We may pursue business opportunities that diverge from our core business, including expanding our products or service offerings, seeking to expand our products and services into new international markets, investing in new and unproven technologies and forming new alliances with companies to develop and distribute our products and services. We can offer no assurance that any such business opportunities will prove successful. Certain international markets may be slower than our established markets in adopting our services and products, and our operations in such markets may not develop at a rate that supports our level of investment. Among other negative effects, our investment in new business opportunities may exceed the returns we realize. New investments could have higher cost structures than our current business, which could reduce operating margins and require more working capital. In the event that working capital requirements exceed operating cash flow, we may be required to draw on the Revolving Facility or pursue other external financing, which may not be readily available. In addition to the risks outlined above, expansion into certain new markets may require us to compete with local businesses with greater knowledge of the market, including the tastes and preferences of , and higher market shares. Our strategic initiatives, including enterprise excellence efforts among other significant capital expenditure projects, may not achieve the improvements or financial returns we expect. We utilize a number of tools to improve efficiency and productivity. Implementation of new processes to our operations could cause disruptions and may prove to be more difficult, costly or than expected. Additionally, from time to time, we undertake substantial capital projects for varying reasons, such as to increase production capacity or to insource certain products, parts or components. We invest in areas we believe best align with our business strategies and that will optimize future returns. However, there can be no assurance that all our planned enterprise excellence projects or other capital expenditures will be fully implemented, or if implemented, will realize the expected improvements or financial returns. We may not be able to effectively manage and implement restructuring initiatives or other organizational changes. We have, from time to time, restructured or made other adjustments to our workforce and manufacturing footprint, and may need to do so in the future, in response to market or product changes, performance issues, changes in strategy, acquisitions and/or other internal or external considerations. These restructuring activities and other organizational changes often result in increased restructuring costs, diversion of management’s time and attention from daily operations, cybersecurity and other operational risks and temporarily reduced productivity. If we are unable to successfully manage and implement restructuring and other organizational changes, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these activities or do so within the expected timeframe. These effects could recur in connection with future acquisitions and other organizational changes, and our results of operations could be negatively affected. The effects of global climate change or other unexpected events, including global health crises, may disrupt our operations and have a negative impact on our business. The effects of global climate change, such as extreme weather conditions and natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, or the occurrence of unexpected events including wildfires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, tsunamis and other severe hazards in the countries where we operate or sell products and services, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These events could disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing, cause physical damage or closure of our manufacturing sites or distribution centers, lead to loss of human capital and/or cause temporary or disruption in the manufacturing or delivery of products and services to customers. These events and disruptions could also adversely affect our customers’ and suppliers’ financial condition or ability to operate, resulting in reduced customer demand, delays in payments received or supply chain disruptions. Further, these events and disruptions could increase insurance and other operating costs, including impacting our decisions regarding construction of new facilities to select areas less prone to climate change risks and natural disasters, which could result in indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain or other price modifications to our products and services. Many governmental and other regulatory bodies worldwide are enacting regulations to mitigate the impacts of climate change. If we or others in our supply chain are required to comply with these laws and regulations, or if we choose to take voluntary steps to reduce or mitigate our impact on the climate, we may experience increased costs for energy, production, transportation, and raw materials, increased capital expenditures, or increased insurance premiums and deductibles, each of which could adversely impact our operations. In addition, inconsistent regulations among jurisdictions may also affect our cost to comply with such laws and regulations. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations, or 17 Table of Contents industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate. Global health crises, or outbreak and spread of a communicable disease or virus in the countries where we operate or sell products and provide services, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Further, any national, state or local government mandates or other orders taken to minimize the spread of a global health crisis could restrict our ability to conduct business as usual, as well as the business activities of our key customers and suppliers, including the potential for labor shortages. In particular, the ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic or other global health crisis on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We may be subject to risks relating to systems failures or disruptions to our information technology and operational technology systems. We rely extensively on information technology and operational technology systems, networks and services including hardware, software, firmware and technological applications and platforms (collectively, "IT Systems") to manage and operate our business from , including ordering and managing materials from suppliers, design and development, manufacturing, marketing, selling and shipping to customers, invoicing and billing, managing our banking and cash liquidity systems, managing our enterprise resource planning and other accounting and financial systems and complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. There can be no assurance that our current IT Systems will function properly. We have invested and will continue to invest in improving our IT Systems. Some of these investments are significant and impact many important operational processes and procedures. There is no assurance that newly implemented IT Systems will improve our current systems, improve our operations or yield the expected returns on the investments. In addition, the implementation of new IT Systems may be more difficult, costly or than expected and cause disruptions in our operations and, if not properly implemented and maintained, negatively impact our business. If our IT Systems cease to function properly or if these systems do not provide the anticipated benefits, our ability to manage our operations could be impaired. As artificial intelligence and machine learning (“AI”) technologies advance and are increasingly adopted by threat actors, the frequency, sophistication and scale of cyberattacks may increase. AI‑enabled methods, including automated vulnerability discovery, automated credential‑stuffing, deepfake‑assisted social engineering and other generative‑AI techniques, could make attacks more successful and harder to detect. In addition, our own or third‑party use of AI could introduce new classes of vulnerabilities. These developments could increase the likelihood and potential impact of disruptions, unauthorized disclosures or other compromises of our IT Systems, products or data, and could increase our remediation and compliance costs, harm our reputation and subject us to regulatory or legal liability. We currently rely on service providers for many of the critical elements of our global information and operational technology infrastructure, and their failure to provide effective support for such infrastructure could increase our cybersecurity risk or otherwise negatively impact our business and financial results. We have outsourced many of the critical elements of our global information and operational technology infrastructure to service providers in order to achieve efficiencies. If such service providers experience a disruption due to a cyberattack or other internal or external factors, or they do not perform or perform effectively, we may not be able to achieve the expected efficiencies and may have to incur additional costs to address failures in providing service by the service providers. Depending on the function involved, such , ineffective performance or failures of service may lead to business disruptions, processing inefficiencies or security breaches. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact the Company's reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Despite our implementation of cybersecurity measures, which have focused on prevention, mitigation, resilience and recovery, our network and products, including access solutions, may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, malicious codes, malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial of service, hacking, and similar disruptions. Cybersecurity attacks and intrusion efforts are continuous and evolving, and in certain cases they have been successful at the most robust institutions. The scope and severity of risks that cyber threats present have increased dramatically and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, ransomware attacks, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data or premises, exploiting weaknesses related to vendors or other third parties that could be exploited to attack our systems, denials of service and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as we face regulatory, reputational and litigation risks resulting from potential cyber incidents, as well as the potential of incurring significant remediation costs. Further, while we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and exclusions, cover certain aspects of our cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover our losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. Our networking infrastructure and related assets may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers, employee error or malfeasance or other unforeseen activities. Such issues could result in the disruption of business processes, network degradation 18 Table of Contents and system downtime, along with the potential that a third party will exploit our critical assets such as intellectual property, proprietary business information and data related to our customers, suppliers and business partners. To the extent that such disruptions occur, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these disruptions in a timely manner, they may cause delays in the manufacture or shipment of our products and the cancellation of customer orders and, as a result, our business operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in a possible loss of business or brand reputation. We are exposed to risks related to compliance with data privacy and governance laws. Our daily business operations also require us to collect and/or retain sensitive data such as intellectual property, proprietary business information and data related to customers, employees, suppliers and business partners within our networking infrastructure including data from individuals subject to the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or controls. Despite our efforts to protect such data, the loss or breach of such data due to various causes including material security breaches, catastrophic events, extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages, system failures, computer viruses, improper data handling, programming errors, unauthorized access and employee error or malfeasance could result in wide reaching negative impacts to our business. As such, the ongoing maintenance and security of this information is pertinent to the success of our business operations and our strategic goals. In addition, we operate in an environment where there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws and regulations in effect or expected to go into effect in the future, including re

[truncated]