Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. On December 9, 2025, Allegion plc (the “Company”) entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the “First Amendment”), dated as of December 9, 2025, by and among the Company, Allegion US Holding Company Inc. (“Allegion US Holding”) and Allegion (Ireland) Finance Designated Activity Company (“Allegion Finance”), as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A. (“BofA”), as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuers from time to time party thereto, which amends that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2024, by and among the Company, Allegion US Holding and Allegion Finance, as borrowers, BofA, as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuers from time to time party thereto. Under the First Amendment, among other things, (i) the aggregate revolving commitments under the revolving credit facility (“Revolving Facility”) will be increased from $750.0 million to $1.0 billion, (ii) the maturity date of the Revolving Facility will be extended from May 20, 2029 to May 20, 2030 and (iii) subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Company may request, at any time, an increase of the aggregate amount available under the Revolving Facility of up to an additional $500.0 million. Upon closing, the Company borrowed $197.2 million under the Revolving Facility to repay its outstanding term loan, which previously had a maturity date of November 16, 2026. The borrowing and repayment of the term loan resulted in no change to the Company’s total debt outstanding. The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the First Amendment filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2025, by and among Allegion plc, Allegion US Holding Company Inc. and Allegion (Ireland) Finance Designated Activity Company, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuers from time to time party thereto 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) - 2 - SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ALLEGION PLC (Registrant) Date: December 9, 2025 /s/ Michael J. Wagnes Michael J. Wagnes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - 3 -