Result of AGM RNS Number : 8622O Andrews Sykes Group PLC 14 June 2022 14 June 2022 Andrews Sykes Group PLC ("Andrews Sykes" or the "Company") Result of AGM Andrews Sykes is pleased to announce that at its Annual General Meeting (AGM), held today, all the resolutions as set out in the Company's Notice of AGM were duly passed. The final dividend of 12.5 pence per ordinary share will be paid, as proposed, on 17 June 2022. Enquiries: Andrews Sykes Group plc +44 (0)1902 328 700 Ian Poole, Finance Director and Company Secretary Houlihan Lokey UK Limited (Nominated Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7484 4040 Tim Richardson This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END RAGBKQBNQBKDFAD Companies Andrews Sykes Group (ASY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and