Jacques-Gaston Murray Andrews Sykes Group PLC 07 June 2023 7 June 2023 Andrews Sykes Group PLC ("Andrews Sykes" or the "Company") Jacques-Gaston Murray The Board of Andrews Sykes (the "Board") is deeply saddened to announce the death of its long-serving Chairman of the Board, Jacques-Gaston Murray, aged 103 years old, who has passed away. The Board sends its heartfelt condolences to Mr Murray's family at this difficult time and would like to place on record its immense appreciation for the many years of service that Mr Murray has dedicated to the Company. Mr Murray was appointed to the Board in May 1994, following his acquisition of a controlling interest in the Company, and he has had a prominent role in guiding the Company's successful performance and strategy since that time. The Board also announces that Jean-Jacques Murray, the son of Mr Murray, will assume the role of Chairman of the Board with effect from 7 June 2023. Jean-Jacques Murray has been Vice-Chairman of the Board since February 2007 and has been very influential in the progress and development of the Company since that time. The Board remains extremely confident in the ongoing strategy and prospects of the Company. Enquiries: Andrews Sykes Group plc +44 (0)1902 328 700 Ian Poole, Finance Director and Company Secretary Houlihan Lokey UK Limited (Nominated Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7484 4040 Tim Richardson This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Andrews Sykes Group (ASY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and