Posting of Annual Report RNS Number : 0308Z Andrews Sykes Group PLC 18 May 2021 18 May 2021 Andrews Sykes Group PLC ("Andrews Sykes" or the "Company") Posting of Annual Report Andrews Sykes announces that its Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 is being posted to applicable shareholders today along with notice (the "Notice") of the Company's Annual General Meeting (the "AGM"). Both documents are also being made available on the Company's website at www.andrews-sykes.com . The AGM will be held at 3.30 p.m. on Tuesday, 15 June 2021 at Unit 5, Peninsular Park Road, London, SE7 7TZ. In light of the current Covid-19 restrictions, shareholders will not be permitted to attend the AGM in person but can be represented by the Chairman of the meeting acting as their proxy and can submit questions. Shareholders should see the Notice for more information. Enquiries: Andrews Sykes Group plc +44 (0)1902 328 700 Mark Calderbank GCA Altium Limited (Nominated Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7484 4040 Tim Richardson This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END ACSSFLFEAEFSEII Companies Andrews Sykes Group (ASY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and