Transaction in Own Shares Andrews Sykes Group PLC 24 May 2023 24 May 2023 This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. Andrews Sykes Group PLC ("Andrews Sykes" or the "Company") Transaction in Own Shares The Company announces that, on 24 May 2023, it re-purchased 3,000 ordinary shares of one pence each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 545 pence per Ordinary Share (the "Repurchase"). The Repurchase equates to approximately 0.01 per cent. of the issued Ordinary Shares and was undertaken in accordance with the terms of the general authority to make market purchases of Ordinary Shares granted to the Company by its shareholders at its Annual General meeting on 14 June 2022. The Re-Purchase was executed on the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker, Zeus Capital. The Ordinary Shares the subject of the Repurchase will be cancelled with immediate effect (the "Cancellation"). Following the Repurchase and the Cancellation, the number of issued Ordinary Shares with voting rights in the Company is 42,126,889. This figure represents the total voting rights in the Company and may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Ian Poole, Finance Director and Company Secretary. Enquiries: Andrews Sykes Group plc +44 (0)1902 328 700 Ian Poole, Finance Director and Company Secretary Houlihan Lokey UK Limited (Nominated Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7484 4040 Tim Richardson Zeus Capital (Broker) +44 (0) 20 7614 5900 Alexandra Campbell-Harris This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Andrews Sykes Group (ASY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Trufin 2 hours ago Everplay Group plc 2 hours ago Hilton Food Group 2 hours ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 16 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and