Transaction in Own Shares RNS Number : 1660I Andrews Sykes Group PLC 01 December 2022 1 December 2022 Andrews Sykes Group PLC ("Andrews Sykes" or the "Company") Transaction in Own Shares The Company announces that, on 30 November 2022, it re-purchased 26,314 ordinary shares of one pence each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at nominal value per Ordinary Share (the "Repurchase"). The Ordinary Shares the subject of the Repurchase were those of untraced shareholders, i.e. shareholders who had not claimed or cashed any dividend payments from the Company over a period of at least 12 years. The Repurchase, which was undertaken in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association, only took place after an extensive shareholder identification and share forfeit notification process by the Company. The Repurchase equates to approximately 0.1 per cent. of the issued Ordinary Shares and was undertaken in accordance with the terms of the general authority to make market purchases of Ordinary Shares granted to the Company by its shareholders at its Annual General meeting on 14 June 2022. The Re-Purchase was executed on the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker, Arden Partners. The Ordinary Shares the subject of the Re-Purchase will be cancelled with immediate effect (the "Cancellation"). Following the Re-Purchase and the Cancellation, the number of issued Ordinary Shares with voting rights in the Company is 42,148,045. This figure represents the total voting rights in the Company and may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: Andrews Sykes Group plc +44 (0)1902 328 700 Ian Poole, Finance Director and Company Secretary Houlihan Lokey UK Limited (Nominated Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7484 4040 Tim Richardson Arden Partners (Broker) +44 (0) 20 7614 5900 Steve Douglas This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END POSFLFFTLRLIVIF Companies Andrews Sykes Group (ASY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and