Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On June 26, 2026, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a new revolving credit agreement and a new 364-day revolving credit agreement, as described below. The Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2026, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “ Credit Agreement”), is a unsecured revolving facility of $1.5 billion (the “ Revolving Facility”). The Credit Agreement will mature on June 26, 2031, with two extensions exercisable at the Company’s discretion and subject to required lender consent. The Credit Agreement also includes an uncommitted incremental feature allowing the Company to request an increase of the facility by an aggregate amount of up to $750.0 million. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility will be used for general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at floating rates, based upon either an adjusted Term secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) for the applicable interest period or an alternate base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin determined by reference to the Company’s senior unsecured debt credit rating. The Company will pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the Revolving Facility at a rate determined by reference to the Company’s senior unsecured debt credit rating. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for unsecured financing arrangements, including, among other things, limitations on consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets. The Credit Agreement also requires that the Company maintain a consolidated indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio of no greater than 4.5 to 1.0 as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (with such ratio subject to increase to 5.0 to 1.0 in connection with a qualified material acquisition and certain other restrictions). The 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2026, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “364-Day Credit Agreement”), is an unsecured revolving credit facility in the principal amount of $1.25 billion (the “364-Day Revolving Facility”). The 364-Day Credit Agreement will mature on June 25, 2027, and borrowings under the 364-Day Revolving Facility will be used for general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the 364-Day Credit Agreement will bear interest at floating rates based upon either an adjusted Term SOFR for the applicable interest period or an alternate base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin determined by reference to the Company’s senior unsecured debt credit rating. The Company will pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the 364-Day Revolving Facility at a rate determined by reference to its senior unsecured debt credit rating. The 364-Day Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for an unsecured financing arrangement, including, among other things, limitations on consolidations, mergers and sales of assets. The 364-Day Credit Agreement also requires that the Company maintain a consolidated indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio of no greater than 4.5 to 1.0 as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (with such ratio subject to increase to 5.0 to 1.0 in connection with a qualified material acquisition and certain other restrictions). The foregoing descriptions of the Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. In the ordinary course of business, certain of the lenders under the Credit Agreement and/or the 364-Day Credit Agreement and their affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, investment banking, commercial banking, cash management, foreign exchange or other financial services to the Company and its affiliates for which they have received, and may in the future receive, compensation. Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. In connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement, on June 26, 2026, the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2025, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “2025 Credit Agreement”), and the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2025, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “2025 364-Day Credit Agreement”) were terminated and are of no further force or effect (except with respect to any obligations and provisions that survive the termination thereof). There was no principal balance outstanding under either the 2025 Credit Agreement or the 2025 364-Day Credit Agreement at the time it was terminated. There were fees of approximately $0.4 million payable under the 2025 Credit Agreement at the time it was terminated, the full amount of which was paid by the Company with cash on hand on June 26, 2026. Further, all existing letters of credit issued under the 2025 Credit Agreement were transitioned to, and now constitute outstanding letters of credit under, the Credit Agreement. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The disclosure required by this Item is included in Item 1.01, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2026, among Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 10.2 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2026, among Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: June 29, 2026 ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Chad F. Phipps Name: Chad F. Phipps Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary