Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 13 August 2026 13 August 2026 Organisational Structure Update and Leadership Appointments ​ Rentokil Initial plc (the "Company") (FTSE: RTO / NYSE: RTO) today announces two executive appointments and a formalisation of its divisional operating structure to support the delivery of the Company's strategic priorities - to intensify customer focus, deliver sales and operational excellence, and simplify the business. ​ Simplified organisation to support execution ​ To support the delivery of its strategic priorities, the Company is formalising its structure into two operating Divisions: North America and International. The International Division will comprise Europe, UK, Ireland & Sub-Saharan Africa, Asia & MENAT, Latin America and Pacific. This builds upon the current financial reporting structure and creates clearer accountability for performance and execution across the Group, while enabling faster adoption of best practices in customer experience, sales effectiveness and operational delivery. It also simplifies the operating model and strengthens alignment against the Company's strategic priorities. Appointment of CEO of the International Division ​ The Company is pleased to announce the appointment of Phill Wood as CEO of the newly formed International Division, with immediate effect. Phill is a highly experienced operator who has been with Rentokil Initial since 2006 and has led businesses in Europe, the Caribbean, Africa and the UK. He has a proven track record of delivering growth and has a deep understanding of frontline pest control and hygiene operations. He has also led the Company's Marketing and Innovation function for the last 18 months making significant progress in prioritisation and delivery of our innovation pipeline. This appointment is in addition to his current responsibilities leading the UK, Ireland and Sub-Saharan Africa region, which he has led since 2009. ​ CEO of North America Division ​ As previously announced, Rafael "Rafa" Carrasco joined the Company on 3 August as Chief Executive Officer, North America. Rafa has a distinguished track record of leadership in large-scale, route-based service industries, most recently serving as President of WM Healthcare Solutions and Senior Vice President of Strategy at WM (previously known as Waste Management, Inc.), where he oversaw multi-site operations with 200+ branches and over 10,000 corporate and field-based employees across the US, Canada, the UK, Ireland and Western Europe. Appointment of Group Chief Transformation Officer Rentokil Initial today also announces the appointment of Matt Jochim as Group Chief Transformation Officer, effective 7 September 2026. He will join the Executive Leadership Team and report directly to the Chief Executive. Matt brings 30 years of experience leading large-scale business transformations across global multi-site businesses. He joins the Company from McKinsey (2006 - 2026), where he served as Partner and leader of the UK & Ireland Operations Practice, owning end-to-end operating transformations for major clients. Prior to McKinsey, Matt spent five years at The Home Depot (2001 - 2006), where he held senior store and supply chain operating roles and managed critical transformations across store operations and inventory management. Matt's appointment further strengthens the Company's capability to drive operational improvement, simplify ways of working and accelerate execution across the Group. Mike Duffy, Chief Executive of Rentokil Initial plc, commented: "At our Interims, we outlined clear priorities to intensify customer focus, deliver sales and operational excellence and simplify the business. Today's appointments strengthen our capabilities to deliver on these priorities and drive profitable growth. Matt's deep expertise in multi-site transformations, Rafa's track record of success in route-based service industries and Phill's extensive experience within our frontline operations will be invaluable as we execute our strategy with speed and excellence. "Our focus is now firmly on execution and delivering the improved performance we know this business is capable of through better customer outcomes, driving growth and the long-term shareholder value creation opportunity." Enquiries: For further information, please contact: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7808 098793 Jamie Lewis, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7341 071944 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978 199 About Rentokil Initial plc Rentokil Initial plc is a global leader in Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing services. It employs c.63,400 people in 90 countries. www.rentokil-initial.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Rotork 17 minutes ago Palace Capital 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and