Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 15 April 2026 15 April, 2026 Rentokil Initial plc appoints Thérèse Esperdy as Chair Rentokil Initial plc (LSE: RTO, NYSE: RTO) ("the Company") today announces the appointment of Thérèse Esperdy as Chair of the Board commencing 1 September 2026. She will join the Board as a Non-Executive Director and Chair-designate on 1 July 2026. This appointment follows the announcement on 5 March 2026 that Richard Solomons, who has served as the Chair of the Company since 2019, had informed the Board of his intention to retire from the Company. Thérèse is currently Non-Executive Chair of Imperial Brands plc, a position from which she will retire following their November 2026 Board meeting and FY 2026 results announcement, having served on the Board since July 2016. She is also the Senior Independent Director designate of Smith & Nephew plc and a Non-Executive Director of Moody's Corporation. Thérèse was previously Senior Independent Director of National Grid plc. In her executive career, Thérèse held senior leadership roles with JP Morgan including Global Chair of their Financial Institutions Group, Co-head of Asia-Pacific Corporate & Investment Banking and Global Head of Debt Capital Markets. Senior Independent Director, John Pettigrew, said: "We are delighted to welcome Thérèse to Rentokil Initial. She brings considerable experience to the Board from her wide-ranging non-executive roles in international businesses based in both the UK and the US. The Board is confident that she is the best possible candidate to lead the Board through the exciting next phase of Rentokil Initial's growth, working with Mike and the executive team. "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Richard for his strong, committed leadership and his significant contributions to the Company over many years." Thérèse Esperdy, incoming Chair, said: "It's a privilege to be appointed as Chair of the Board, and I am looking forward to working with my new colleagues to drive the Company forward and realise the great potential it has as a leading global provider of pest control and hygiene services." Richard Solomons, outgoing Chair, said: "It has been an immense privilege to serve as Chair of Rentokil Initial over what has been a period of growth and transformation for the business. With the successful appointment of Mike Duffy as CEO, and a clear strategy developed for North American growth, 2026 is the right time for me to step down and ensure a smooth handover to Thérèse. I have great confidence in the future success of Rentokil Initial - it's a high-quality business, full of exceptional people, operating in highly resilient growth markets." Notes The Board determined that Thérèse Esperdy is an independent Non-Executive Director on appointment in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. She will succeed Richard Solomons as Chair of the Nomination Committee on 1 September 2026. There are no additional details to disclose under Listing Rule 6.4.8 in respect of the appointment. Thérèse will receive total fees of £725,000 per annum. Richard Solomons will retire from the Board with effect from midnight on 31 August 2026. For further information, please contact: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7808 098793 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978199 About Rentokil Initial plc: Rentokil Initial plc is a global leader in Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing services. It employs c.63,400 people in 90 countries. www.rentokil-initial.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Rotork 16 minutes ago Palace Capital 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and