Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 25 March 2026 Rentokil Initial plc (the 'Company') Annual Report and Annual General Meeting In compliance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1, the Company announces that the following documents, in unedited full text, have today been filed with the Financial Conduct Authority and are available for inspection via the National Storage Mechanism at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism : · Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the Annual Report 2025); · Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM); and · Proxy Form for the 2026 AGM. The documents will be posted today, and the Annual Report 2025 and the Notice of 2026 AGM have been published on the Company's website at rentokil-initial.com/investors . The 2026 AGM will be held at, and broadcast from, the Company's offices at Compass House, Manor Royal, Crawley, RH10 9PY on Thursday 7 May 2026 at 2.00pm. Full details of how to participate in the meeting can be found in the Notice of Meeting. In addition, the Company has filed its Annual Report on Form 20-F with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The document is available for viewing on the SEC website at www.sec.gov and also on the Company's website at rentokil-initial.com/investors . If you would like to receive a hard copy of the Annual Report 2025 please contact the Corporate Governance team by email at secretariat@rentokil-initial.com or on +44 (0)1293 858000. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 58 minutes ago LSL Property Services 58 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 1 hour ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and