Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 21 May 2026 21 May, 2026 Appointment of Chief Executive Officer, North America Rentokil Initial plc (FTSE: RTO / NYSE: RTO) ("the Company") today announces the appointment of Rafael "Rafa" Carrasco as Chief Executive Officer, North America, commencing 3 August. Rafa joins the Company with a distinguished track record of leadership in large-scale, route-based service industries. He most recently served as President of WM Healthcare Solutions and Senior Vice President of Strategy at WM (previously known as Waste Management, Inc.), where he oversaw multi-site operations with 200+ branches and over 10,000 corporate and field-based employees across the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Ireland and Western Europe. He is highly experienced at executing a recurring revenue model, serving commercial and residential customers. Professional Highlights: ● Extensive Operational Leadership: Rafa has held numerous senior leadership roles over a 10-year career at WM. Prior to serving as President of WM Healthcare Solutions, Rafa led WM's East region, where he enabled disciplined growth through leveraging process and technology solutions focusing on consistent service delivery to customers, reducing frontline turnover and improving operational efficiency. ● Strategic Transformation: As SVP of Strategy, he led enterprise-level transformation initiatives, using data and technology to optimise operations and drive continuous improvement. ● Integration Expertise: Rafa led the integration of Stericycle, a $7.2bn acquisition, delivering standout first year cost synergies and establishing a path toward higher synergies over time. ● Professional Education: Holds a BBA Marketing and an MBA Operations Management from the University of Houston. Alain Moffroid, the current interim CEO, North America, will remain on the NA leadership group supporting Rafa and the team as they continue executing their growth plan. He will support the Company through the end of 2027. Mike Duffy, CEO of Rentokil Initial, said: "I am pleased to welcome Rafa to Rentokil Initial. He has an impressive track record in field-based, recurring service operations, making him the ideal leader to drive our North American business forward. He is an execution-focused leader, committed to colleagues and culture, and enhancing the customer experience. "I also would like to thank Alain for his strong leadership in North America, where we continue to execute our growth plan, and his commitment to ensuring a smooth transition." Rafa Carrasco said: "I'm delighted to be stepping into this role and looking forward to working with Mike and the team to enable the business to realise its full growth potential. My focus will be on driving operational excellence, putting our people first, and building a truly customer-obsessed organisation." For further information, please contact: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7808 098793 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978199 Notes About Rentokil Initial plc ● Rentokil Initial plc is a global leader in Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing services. It employs c.63,400 people in 90 countries. Rafa Carrasco: Career Summary at WM President of WM Healthcare Solutions ● Houston, Texas | Nov 2024 - Present Senior Vice President - Enterprise Strategy ● Houston, Texas | Oct 2023 - Present Senior Vice President - Field Operations - East ● Houston, Texas | Jul 2021 - Oct 2023 Area Vice President ● Greater Mid-Atlantic | Apr 2017 - Jul 2021 Area Vice President ● Eastern Canada | Nov 2016 - Apr 2017 Vice President - Special Projects ● Houston, Texas | Jul 2016 - Nov 2016 Prior to WM, he spent 6 years in General Management roles at Sims Metal Management Limited and 13 years at ESCO Marine. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Rotork 17 minutes ago Palace Capital 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and