Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 12 February 2026 12 February 2026 Rentokil Initial plc NOTICE OF EARLY REDEMPTION in respect of the €500,000,000 0.8750 per cent. Senior Unsecured Guaranteed Notes due 30 May 2026 of which €500,000,000 in principal amount are outstanding (the "Notes") ISIN: XS1996441066 / Common Code: 1996441066 Rentokil Initial plc (the "Issuer") today gave notice to the holders of the outstanding Notes that the Issuer will redeem on 2 March 2026 (the "Optional Redemption Date"), all of the outstanding Notes in accordance with condition 6(c) of the Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount equal to their principal amount, together with accrued interest to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Following such redemption, the Notes will be cancelled and there will be no Notes outstanding. Rentokil Initial plc intends to complete any formalities relating to the delisting of the Notes from the London Stock Exchange as soon as possible following the redemption of the outstanding Notes on the Optional Redemption Date. Capitalised terms used in this notice shall have the same meanings as those ascribed to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. For further information, please contact: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7808 098793 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978199 About Rentokil Initial plc: Rentokil Initial plc is a global leader in Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing services. It employs over 60,000 people in around 90 countries. www.rentokil-initial.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Rotork 16 minutes ago Palace Capital 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and