Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 23 April 2026 23 April 2026 RENTOKIL INITIAL PLC ISSUANCE OF $500 MILLION 4.625% NOTES DUE 2031 On 23 April 2026, Rentokil Terminix Funding plc, a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Rentokil Initial plc (the " Company "), issued senior, unsecured $500 million 4.625% Notes due 2031 (the " Notes ") guaranteed by the Company and offered in the United States only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act ") and outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Notes issuance for general corporate purposes, including debt repayment. Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (" Euronext Dublin" ) and to trade the Notes on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. Enquiries: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7808 098793 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978199 About Rentokil Initial plc: Rentokil Initial plc is a global leader in Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing services. It employs c.63,400 people in 90 countries. www.rentokil-initial.com DISCLAIMER The information contained herein shall not constitute or form part of any offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the securities referred to herein. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, US persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Rotork 16 minutes ago Palace Capital 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and