Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 30 September 2025 30 September Rentokil Initial completes sale of France Workwear business to H.I.G. Capital Rentokil Initial plc (the "Company") is pleased to confirm the completion of the sale of its Workwear business in France to H.I.G. Capital, as first announced in May 2025. The sale values the business at an enterprise value of €410m (c.$480m), on a cash-free and debt-free basis, including an earn-out of up to €30m (c.$35m) based on the performance of the business in 2026. Total net cash proceeds from the transaction are expected to total €370m (c.$435m), subject to final earn-out outcome. Proceeds will be allocated in-line with the balanced Rentokil Initial model, distributed towards deleveraging of the balance sheet, organic growth focused investment in the core business, and complementary bolt-on M&A activity. The transaction is a continuation in the positioning of Rentokil Initial as a streamlined Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing business, reducing annual capital expenditure requirements and benefitting cash conversion margin by c.100 basis points. Following completion, the Group's revenue mix will comprise c.85% Pest Control and c.15% Hygiene & Wellbeing. Looking ahead, the sale enables the Company to concentrate resource on the large, attractive long-term growth opportunities within its core markets. Andy Ransom, Chief Executive of Rentokil Initial plc said: " The completion of the Workwear sale is of strategic significance for us, as we execute on our ongoing strategy to focus on our market leading, core businesses. The transaction is value accretive for our shareholders, as we strengthen our balance sheet, streamline capital efficiency, and improve cash generation, with a simplified business. "I would like to thank our France Workwear colleagues for their commitment throughout the process, and wish all at the company well as it moves forward with H.I.G." Enquiries: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial, +44 7808 098793 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978199 Note: France Workwear was classified within "Discontinued Operations" in HY25 financials and will be similarly referred to at FY25. In FY24, France Workwear, including flat linen textile and clean room business, generated Revenue of $324m, Adjusted Operating Profit of $57m and had associated capital expenditure of $93m. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 1 hour ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and