Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 25 September 2025 Rentokil Initial plc Rentokil Initial plc (the 'Company') has been informed that on 23 September 2025 Andy Ransom, a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibility, acquired 8,997 ordinary shares of 1 pence in the Company as a result of his participation in the Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP). The shares were purchased at £3.616967 per share. The notification set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Rachel Canham Group General Counsel & Company Secretary +44 (0)1293 858 000 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Andy Ransom 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Rentokil Initial plc b) LEI 549300VN4WV7Z6T14K68 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN: GB00B082RF11 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares through the Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP). c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.616967 8,997 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Total price 8,997 £32,541.85 e) Date of the transaction 2025-09-23 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Rotork 17 minutes ago Palace Capital 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and