Disclaimer* Rentokil Initial PLC 22 September 2026 Announcement of Sale of SOLitude Lake Management, LLC to Bain Capital Rentokil Initial plc (the "Company") (FTSE / NYSE: "RTO") today announces a further step in the simplification of the Group, having entered into an agreement with Bain Capital for the sale of SOLitude Lake Management, LLC, ("SOLitude") and its Vertex Aquatic Solutions division. Leveraging more than 50 years of combined experience, SOLitude has become the leading lake and pond management company in the United States. Its customised and sustainable services, including ongoing lake and pond management, shoreline restoration, and water quality control, address a variety of ecological challenges. The total consideration for the proposed transaction is $230m on a cash-free, debt-free basis. Total estimated net cash proceeds after tax are expected to be around $180m. The transaction further reduces leverage within our target range, supporting our capital allocation priorities to invest in organic growth and bolt-on M&A, pay a progressive dividend and then return surplus capital to shareholders. Mike Duffy, Chief Executive of Rentokil Initial plc, said: "This transaction supports our strategy of building a platform for sustainable profitable growth through greater simplification of the organisation and specifically prioritising our highest opportunity markets and categories. The disposal further strengthens our balance sheet as we look to accelerate growth and improve margins and free cash flow and deliver on the clear opportunity for shareholder value creation." Jacob Donnelly, Partner, Bain Capital, said: "Lake and pond management is becoming increasingly complex as rising water temperatures, nutrient run-off and invasive species place growing pressure on freshwater ecosystems. SOLitude has built the technical depth to address these challenges at scale, combining certified aquatic biologists with a national field organisation serving communities, municipalities and property owners across the country. We look forward to supporting the SOLitude team as an independent company and investing in the people, technology and geographic reach required to serve more bodies of water in the years ahead." The agreement is subject to Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance and is expected to complete by early Q4 2026. Goldman Sachs International is acting as sole financial advisor and joint corporate broker to Rentokil Initial plc. Note: In FY 2025, SOLitude generated Revenue of $112m and Adjusted Operating Profit of $16m. Enquiries: For further information, please contact: Investors / Analysts: Heather Wood, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7808 098793 Jamie Lewis, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7341 071944 Media: Malcolm Padley, Rentokil Initial plc, +44 7788 978 199 About Rentokil Initial plc Rentokil Initial plc is a global leader in Pest Control and Hygiene & Wellbeing services. It employs c.63,400 people in 90 countries. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rentokil Initial (RTO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago LSL Property Services 1 hour ago Lloyds Banking Group 1 hour ago CHINA PACIFIC INSURANCE (GROUP) CO., LTD 1 hour ago Mcbride 2 hours ago Gresham House Energy Storage Fund All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and