Compo rumnbor. 0534 3274

Rentokil
lential

Building
scale and
advantage

Rentokil Initial pic
Annual Report 2023

Protecting People.
Enhancing Lives.
Preserving our Planet.

I

AQ 10/05/2024 #275
COMPANIES HOUSE

Performance

Revenue (at AER) Profit before tax (at AER) Net Cash Flows from Operating Acti
(at AER)
£5,375m 493m 737
$44.7% +66.9% ££ Im
2022: £3,714m 2022: £296m 422.8%
2022: £600m
Revenue (at CER) @) Adjusted Operating Profit (at CER) @) Free Cash Flow (at AER) €D
£5,414 £897n ¢500m
+45.8% +57.0% +33.7%
2022:£3,714m 2022: £57!m 2022: £374m
Lost time accident(LTA) @) Total colleague retention‘ @) Total customer retention? @)
0.31 84.2%, 82.3%
+20.5% +474bps -l0bps
2022: 0.39 2022: 79.5% 2022: 82.4%

@ «P's, see pages 22 to 25

Contents

Strategic Report

04 Our Business at a Glance

06 Q&A with Andy Ransom, Chief Executive
10 Reasons to Invest

14 Our Business Model

16 Our Strategic Priorities

22 Key Performance Indicators

28 Market Trends and Opportunities

34 Our Regional Review

40 Our Business Review

40 Pest Control

50 Hygiene & Wellbeing

56 France Workwear

57 Financial Review

63_ Use of Non-IFRS Measures

68 Responsible Business

83 Our Stakeholders and s.172(1) Statement
87 Risks and Uncertainties

94 Viability Statement

Corporate Governance
96 Chairman's Introduction to Governance
98 Governance at a Glance
99 Board of Directors

102. Executive Leadership Team

104 Corporate Governance Report

117 Audit Committee Report

125 Nomination Committee Report

131 Directors’ Remuneration Report

162 Independent Auditors’ Report

Financial Statements
170 Consolidated Financial Statements

175 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements

214 Related Undertakings
221. Parent Company Financial Statements

223 Notes to the Parent Company
Financial Statements

Other Information

227 Management's Discussion and Analysis
242 Directors’ Report

246 Additional Shareholder Information
248 Glossary

Strategic priorities
in action

Be an Employer of Choice
pages 12 and 13

in Pest Control
pages 38 and 39

@ Drive Organic Revenue Growth

Manage the integration of
Terminix into our North America
business

pages 48 and 49

Build our Hygiene & Wellbeing
business

pages 54 and 55

Drive M&A

pages 32 and 33

Create value through product
and service innovations and

digital applications
pages 26 and 27

Manage a responsible business
pages 20 and 21

Non-IFRS Measures The Group uses a number of non-IFRS measures to present the financial performance of the business, These are not measures
as defined under IFRS, but management believe that these measures provide valuable additional information for users of the Financial Statements,
in order to better understand the underlying trading performance in the year. See pages 63 to 67 for more information

The content of this Annual Report reflects the views, opinions and status of the Company as at 7 March 2024.

1. Prior year numbers have been restated primarily to include the Terminix acquisition. For more information see page 22

2. 2022 figures have been restated to include Terminix.

Strategic Report Corporate Governance —_ Financial Statements Other Information

Building scale and advantage...
through relentless focus on
delivering our plan.

Throughout 2023, our teams across the world have been
relentlessly delivering against our strategic priorities, from
the integration of Terminix to growth in our core businesses,
all contributing to a strong performance for our organisation.

In 2024, we are continuing our unwavering commitment
to building our business in THE RIGHT WAY for the long-term
benefit of our colleagues, our customers, and our shareholders.

Rentokil initial ple
Annual Report 2023 03

Our Business at a Glance
Providing services that protect people,

enhance lives, and preserve the planet

Rentokil Initial is a global leader in the provision of route-based services,
whose mission is to protect people from the dangers of pest-borne disease
and the risks of poor hygiene, and to enhance lives with services that
protect the health and wellbeing of people. At the heart of Rentokil Initial’s
approach to responsible business practice is a focus on doing what's right
for colleagues, customers, and the planet.

Our mission Our values
Our mission defines what we do and how Our values are shared by all colleagues around the world arid underpin the culture of the Group.
we serve our stakeholders. .

« Protecting People. Service &S Relationships

+ Enhancing Lives.
+ Preserving our Planet. We are passionate about delivering excellent —_ We value long-lasting relationships with our
service to every customer. colleagues, customers, and the communities

in which we operate,

Our vision
To be the most loved and respected
services business on the planet.

Teamwork

s ; Responsibility

We are One Team ~ collaborating, supporting, We all owe a duty of care to each other,
and working together brilliantly. ‘our customers, local charities, the communities
in which we live and work, and to the planet.

Our global regional operations

Our local service teams across the world
‘operate in 90 countries, with more than 94%
of our revenue derived from outside the UK.

Rentokil Initial operates regionally and reports
performance across five global regions.

Our products and services are segmented
into three business categories: Pest Control,
Hygiene & Wellbeing, and France Workwear.

North America - Europe UK & Sub-Saharan Africa Asia & MENAT Pacific
(incl. Latin America)

Revenue (at AER) Revenue (at AER) Revenue (at AER) Revenue (at AER) Revenue (at AER)
£3,306m £1,081m £390m . £339m £249m

478.7% + 14.9% + +6.6% +5.6% +10.0%

Revenue (at CER) Revenue (at CER) Revenue (at CER) Revenue (at CER) Revenue (at CER)
£3,314m £1,078m £394m £357m £261m

479.2% 14.6% 47.9% +11.2% 415.0%

Revenue (at AER) by business category .

@ PestContro! @ Hygiene & Wellbeing — @ France Workwear

Find out more Our Regional Review on pages 34 to 37 and Our Business Review on pages 40 to 56

O4 Rentokil initial pie
Annual Report 2023

Our culture

We provide high-quality services for our
customers by focusing on the safety,
engagement and training of our colleagues,
and by developing innovative products

and services.

There is nothing more important in Rentokil
Initial than ensuring that everyone goes home

Strategic Report Corporate Governance _ Financial Statements Other Information

Health and Safety continues to be central
to our culture and you can read more about
our policies and practices on page 69.

Rentokil Initial is a diverse organisation by
its nature, operating in 90 countries. We aim
to be an Employer of Choice wherever we
operate and our 62,900 colleagues are

Our Employer of Choice programme is
designed to create a workplace where we hire
great people in line with our values, provide
world-class training and career development,
engage and retain our people, and provide the
best tools to deliver a great customer service

safely at the end of their working day.

@ Find out more Our Employer of Choice programme on pages 69 and 70

integral to our business model.

Our business categories

Pest Control

Rentokil tnitial’s Pest Control business, including Terminix, is the
largest operator in both the US ~ the world’s biggest pest control
market = and the world overall. We ofter the highest levels of risk
management, reassurance, and responsiveness lv custuiners,

delivered through our range of innovative products and solutions.

Rentokil intial is a leading global player in 8 resilient and defensive
industry, characterised by positive and strong long-term structural
growth drivers. We have strengthened our position through organic
growth and by establishing stronger market positions, and through
the intraductian of innovative products and services, acquisitions
fo bullet seale ancl density, and qu cletermination to he an Employer
of Choice.

Revenue at AER:

24,286n

+59,2%

80x

Revenue at CER:

24,321n

+60.6%

@ Find out more on pages 40 to 47

Hygiene & Wellbeing

oo we =

Initial Hygiene helps organisations around the world to manage
hygiene risk, create healthier working environments, and make
workplaces beller and safer places to be for staff and visitors.
Our people provide dedicated and expert hygiene services In
the washroom and throughout entire premises.

Revenue at CER:

s866m

45.4%

Revenue at AER:

@ Find out more on pages 50 to 53

France Workwear

Initial Workwear specialises in the supply and maintenance
of garments, such as workwear and personal protective
equipment, and also offers a specialist cleanroom service
for the pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors.

Revenue at AER: Revenue at CER:

\\ 554,

415.3%

@ Find out more on page 56

Rentokil Initial pic
Annual Report 2023 05

Q&A with Andy Ransom, Chief Executive

Our focus has been, and will continue to
be, around operational excellence, which
remains key to delivering our growth
ambitions. We'll achieve this by leveraging
opportunities created by the Terminix
integration and through further Group
investments in our people, service,
innovation, and digital technology.

Andy Ransom,
Chief Executive

OG Rentokil initial pic
Annual Report 2023

All the questions in this section have been
posed by investors over the past year.

Qa:
How would you summarise
the past year for Rentokil Initial?

>

Ithas been an extremely busy and productive
year, which has made me very proud of the
Rentokil Initial team. The overall Group result
was good. It was accomplished despite
significant inflation and other macroeconomic
headwinds, which illustrates the resilience of
‘our business. The Group has been able to
sustain strong momentum in our underlying
‘operational and financial performance,
achieving 4.9% Organic Revenue Growth and
16.6% margin. Growth in North America in the
second half of the year was disappointing,
however we've now completed an in-depth
performance review and have put in place an
action plan, THE RIGHT WAY 2, to reinvigorate
organic growth. In the year, we made great
progress against our Terminix integration
strategy, building a bigger, better business.
We have delivered on all our integration
milestones in both Selling, General and
Administrative expenses (SG&A) and field
operations. We overachieved in our cost
synergy targets in 2023 by delivering $69m
pre-tax net cost synergies against a target of
$60m, and have increased the total gross
synergy target by $50m to $325m by 2026.

@ Find out more on pages 46 and 47

Q:

In explaining softer trading in US
Pest Control in the second half of
the year, you pointed to weaker
consumer demand. What further
insights have you gained and what
measures are you taking to address
these challenges?

A:

The main challenge to new business growth
in the second half of the year was lower
acquisition of new residential, termite, and
SME customers, stemming from a reduction
in in-bound sales leads. We estimate that the
US market grew by approximately 4% in 2023,
reflecting lower growth, particularly in the
second half of the year, in these largely
consumer-facing categories. However, we
recognise that the Company's sales lead
generation also underperformed. We've been
responding to that to identify what we can do
to address the situation and take action to
stimulate organic growth.

There has been a comprehensive evaluation
of opportunities to drive growth, including
upselling and pricing, as well as to increase
brand awareness and optimise digital
channels. We've taken a hard look at how we
best evolve our sales and marketing action
plan in response to market conditions and

to re-establish momentum in customer
acquisition. We've made new appointments to
the North America leadership team, including
a highly experienced digital marketer to the
role of Performance & Digital Marketing VP.
‘The Terminix integration is a complex project
that is demanding of our time, so we've also
seconded our UK Operations Director to North
America to take charge of technician leads.

We're committed to protecting our underlying
‘operating momentum as we work through the
integration. We have shaped a detailed plan to
help us do that. I'm also confident that Rentokil
Initial remains a structurally robust business
with the additional benefit of an integration
that affords tremendous strategic opportunity.

@ Find out more on pages 46 and 47

Strategic Report Corporate Governance

Q:

The combination with Terminix
increased your exposure to
residential and termite business.
Should we still view Rentokil Initial
as a defensive business?

A:

Rentokil Initial’s business model remains
highly resilient, underpinned by the provision
of essential services, a diversified portfolio,
global presence, and a commitment to
innovation. Pest control, in particular, but also
hygiene solutions, are inherently defensive
businesses. It's true that pest control
regulation means that commercial services
are often less discretionary than residential
services. However, the residential market,

which is already the largest segment in the US,

presents a strong future growth opportunity
due to the current low penetration of
professional pest care, population growth,
and climate change. The diversified nature of
our broader global service portfolio adds to
the Company's overall defensive qualities.

While spanning the commercial, residential,
and termite markets in pest control, we also
offer a range of services in hygiene and
workwear provision. This diversification
reduces the risk of dependence on a single
market segment. The Company's ability to
adapt to changing circumstances is another
crucial factor. We've shown a commitment to
innovation and technology, incorporating
advanced pest control and hygiene solutions.
This adaptability allows the Company to stay
ahead of industry trends, ensuring that it
remains relevant and resilient in the face

of evolving challenges.

@ Find out more on pages 28 to 31

Financial Statements Other Information

Q:

The Group delivered another year
of strong performance in its global
operations. What do you attribute
that performance to and how
sustainable is it?

A:

The sustainability of our strong performance
reflects our consistently high levels of service
quality, as well as our ability to harness
‘opportunities for growth. Increased awareness
of hygiene, especially in the wake of
COVID-19, and the persistent need for pest
management have continued to support
demand for our services around the world.

We've been able to service that demand and
drive growth by having the right operational
model in place; an existing global footprint
and large customer base; continued market
expansion, highly motivated people and great
brands; and, a proven innovation capability
and digital expertise. Ongoing investments in
research and development and a proactive
approach to emerging trends put us ina
strong position to remain highly competitive.
Our focus on Cities of the Future is another
important driver to long-term sustainable
growth, promoting a strategic approach to
tapping into faster growing markets.

Rentokil initial pic
Annual Report 2023 o7

Q&A with Andy Ransom, Chief Executive

continued

Q:
You previously guided to over 5%

Organic Revenue Growth per annum

over the medium term. What will be
the key drivers of that growth?

A:

Our focus has been, and will continue to be,
around operational excellence, which remains
key to delivering our growth ambitions. We'll
achieve this by leveraging opportunities
created by the Terminix integration and
through further Group investments in our
people, service, innovation, and digital
technology. Accelerated growth through our
enhanced scale will come from a number

af areas. including upselling with the
expansion of our Trusted Advisor programme
(empowering technicians to generate leads
and sales), effective pricing through
segmentation and, in the future, premium
positioning, and by enhancing brand value
enabled by a streamlined brand portfolio in
North America.

Creating a high-quality customer service,
delivering on time, and delivering in full, have
always been core to our value proposition
and will see renewed emphasis as we seek

to further strengthen customer retention

and acquisition. This will continue to be
complemented by sustained investment in
innovative pest control and hygiene solutions.
‘Our commitment to science and innovation
leadership not only ensures that Rentokil
meets evolving customer expectations but
also allows us to offer more efficient and
effective services, attracting new customers.
In the US, this includes the opening of our
new science and innovation centre focused
‘on termite and residential pest control

Find out more on pages 44 to 47

Our medium-term targets

Q:

It’s been over a year since the
Terminix transaction completed.
What is your assessment of how the
Terminix integration has proceeded
this year?

A:

There has been a strong start to delivery of
the integration plan. Since the transaction
completed, our teams have worked diligently
towards harmonising cultures, processes, and
technologies, putting us in a good position
to capitalise on synergy opportunities and
best practices from both organisations. In
the year, we've reduced our branch network
by 97 through branch consolidation, which

is approximately 50% of target property
synergies. We've conducted a series of
branch integration pilots that we were
pleased to see confirmed our forecasts of
density benefits, laying the foundations for
the branch integration work to be deployed
at scale beginning later this year.

We've also been busy completing the move

of our US colleagues onto a single Human
Capital Management and Payroll system, in
addition to pilot testing projects in relation to

a harmonised pay plan, data migration and
data mapping, and technology applications.
Our strategic ambition is clear and remains the
same. We're making complex and important
changes that will create an optimal route

Group medium-term targets for revenue, profit and cash were first introduced in 2014, and having and branch network. From the outset, we've
consistently beaten them since introduction, were revised upwards in 2022 and 2023, reflecting recognised that we need to make sure that
confidence and ambition for the future. we're able to do this as smoothly as possible

for our customers and colleagues, taking the

Group Organic Revenue Growth Target: Atleast 5.0% necessary time to test and take feedback on

Pest Control Organic Revenue Growth Target: 4.5-6.5% board so that changes can be rolled out in a
Hygiene & Wellbeing Organic Revenue Growth Target: 4.0-6.0% measured and targeted way.

Workwear Organic Revenue Growth Target: 3.0-4.0%

Free Cash Flow Conversion Target: FY 25: Atleast 90% @ Find out more on pages 44 and 45

Rentokil Initial ple
08 Annual Report 2023

Q:

What are the most significant parts
of the integration programme in the
year ahead? What do you see as the
main challenges and how will you
manage these?

A

We've a large programme of work ahead of

us that is focused on the branch integration
phase. While it's also the most complex part,
the future opportunities and benefits for our
customers, our business, and our shareholders
are significant, We will be moving to consistent
brands, service protocols, and a fully aligned
customer offering in our field operations.

This all has to be supported and enabled by
integrated IT infrastructure and harmonised
pay plans that have been long in the planning.
At the same time as we make these important
changes, we have to stimulate and protect
‘organic growth in the North America business.
The expected end result of the integration
programme is a much more efficient service
network across the country that benefits

from strong operational density and is
characterised by excellent service delivery.

A project of this scale requires exceptional
governance and we've put in place robust
programme management with key operational
and functional leaders from both organisations
to support implementation. We are being
disciplined and meticulous in our execution.
Route and branch integration, which will be
phased by region, is expected to commence
in mid-2024. We have divided the US into
seven regions, each comprising commercial,
residential, and termite operations, and we'll
be working sequentially through each of these
regions with continuous, rolling evaluation

of the impact on colleagues, customers,

and services.

@ Find out more on page 44

Strategic Report Corporate Governance

Q:

What are the key elements of your
US growth plan that underpin your
ambition to grow organically ahead
of the pest control market in the
medium term?

A:

‘One of the reasons why the Terminix
transaction has a strong financial case is,

the benefits of scale. In the US, we are now
substantially larger than our nearest rival
and that scale means we can drive greater
purchasing power, build additional local
branch density, drive more powerful marketing
with a more impactful set of brands, and
invest in technology in an unrivalled manner.
We're also committed to consolidating

‘our shared experience and expertise. For
colleagues, we're training to best practices
and introducing new pay and incentivisation
plans to will drive productivity. For customers,
there'll be increased opportunity to benefit
from an expanded service portfolio. Not only
will the customer experience become more
seamless, but scaling up initiatives like our
Trusted Advisor programme across the
combined organisation will better utilise

our field colleagues’ expertise and enable
higher levels of customer penetration.

We also recognise how important robust
pricing strategies are in driving growth

As we deliver the very best service levels,
through the very best technicians, we should
be proud to command a premium price in
time. With more holistic data sets, there

is the additional opportunity to take a
segmentation approach to pricing,

to develop more localised strategies.

@ Find out more on pages 46 and 47

Financial Statements

Other Information

Do you believe there are any
aspects of the business that are
misunderstood by the market?

A:

The key positive for us is that the Terminix
integration has progressed strongly, at the
same time as we've delivered a good overall
Group performance in the year. We've seen
affirmative results in our branch integration
pilot testing and an encouraging uplift of
8.1ppts in Terminix colleague retention since
the deal close. We recognise the softer results
in North America in the back half of last year,
however our business model is resilient and
we have confidence in our RIGHT WAY 2

plan to address specific challenges and
reinvigorate organic growth. Our market
positions, pricing power, and structural growth
characteristics remain robust and intact.

Outside of North America, we saw another
excellent contribution from other regions,
including Europe, our second largest region,
which was up 9.2% organically. Plus, the
bests still ahead of us. We've talked about
the significant potential upside from the
combination with Terminix, both in terms

of cost and revenue synergies. We look
forward to taking them forward to their
successful conclusion.

l thee

Anay Ransom,
Chief Executive

Rentokil initial pic
Annual Report 2023

09

Reasons to Invest

Compelling investment opportunity

with excellent growth potential

We are a compelling investment opportunity offering investors long-term compounding growth and
profit expansion. The underlying business proposition is augmented by the significant benefits of the

Terminix integration. Rentokil Initial is a strong, global business with leading positions in structural

growth markets. We believe there are excellent opportunities to consolidate our positions in existing

markets, to enter new markets, and to lead the industry by investing in innovation in products and
services, alongside disciplined and accretive mergers and acquisitions (M&A).

1. We are a global leader in
defensive growth markets

Our businesses operate in markets with
long-term attractive fundamentals, Rentokil
Initial is a global leader in pest control and
hygiene business sectors, benefiting from
a diversified global footprint, high levels of
service quality, and excellent innovation
and technical expertise.

@ Find out more on pages 40 to 47
and 50 to 53

2. We have a strong

track record of growing
revenue and profits

Over the long term, our strong record of
growing revenue and profits has generated
high total returns, strong cash flow, and a
strong credit rating. We have a consistent
and proven strategy which, has delivered
2014-2023 CAGR revenue growth of 13.3%,
and 2014-2023 CAGR Adjusted Operating
Profit growth of 16.2%. Additionally, we expect
the Terminix integration to benefit the
business through significant cost and scale
synergies delivered by the end of 2026.

@ Find out more on pages 22 to 25
and 87 to 62

—— Revenue

(em)
6,000

4,000

3,000

1,000

—

—— Adjusted Operating Profit

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

(em)
1000
900
800
700
600
500
400
300
200

100

3. We reinvest in our
business and brands,
compounding growth

Our consistent performance allows
reinvestment in our business, helping to

drive further growth, Our financial model
creates a virtuous circle, founded on achieving
organic growth while conducting bolt-on and
strategic M&A to increase our density, which
correlates directly to improved gross margins.
This, combined with our low-cost operating
model, brings strong profitable growth and
sustainable free cash flow. We deploy this on
our financially disciplined M&A programme
and operational investment, and into
maintaining our progressive dividend policy.

@ Find out more on pages 14 and 15

4 Rentokil Initial plc
Annual Report 2023

Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information

4. We have a proven,
repeatable, route-based,
low-cost business model

This helps us consolidate our positions in
existing markets and improve margins,
whether through organic activity or by
acquisition through our Cities of the Future
programme — our focused M&A programme
in Emerging markets, where higher growth in
big cities is driving demand for pest control
services. Developing a presence in these
cities gives us a stronger base for future
growth over the next 10-20 years as we
benefit from faster growth in these markets
relative to more mature locations.

@ Find out more on pages 42, 52 and 53

O Cities of the Future

5. We are a leader in
innovation and digital

Our industry-leading innovation drives our
growth, productivity, and margin improvement.
We see further growth opportunities across

all regions from increased innovation in
products and services, and by deploying
digital products and applications.

@ Find out more on pages 26, 27 and 71

75+

pipeline of innovation
investment projects

6. Our high-petforming
culture supports our
growth ambitions

Our experienced and proven management
team executes our strategy at pace. Our senior
leadership are experts in their fields, with a
proven track record for consistent delivery,
strong service, and innovation, and a clearly
articulated strategic framework to drive future
growth opportunities. We are a people and
values-based organisation and our strong
culture and investment in development
provides all our teams with the best expertise
and knowledge.

@ Find out more on page 99, 102
and 103

7. We are working collectively
to achieve our net zero carbon
emissions target by 2040

The journey to net zero emissions is not only
the right thing to do for society, but itis also
the right thing for our business. Over the past
decade, we have met our targets for 10%
(2011-15) and further 20% (2016-19) carbon
efficiency improvements and, in 2020, we
set our target to achieve net zero carbon
emissions from our operations by the end

of 2040.

@ Find out more on page 80

Rentokil initial ple 44
Annual Report 2023

o @ uy

if Strategic Priority
, Be an Employer of Choice

: ori

Being the Employer
of Choice, throughout
Asia & MENAT

During 2023, our Asia & MENAT region has focused on
career and line management development for their
colleagues, running programmes such as Being a Brilliant
Leader and launching the RI Ambassador programme.

The Being a Brilliant Leader programme aims to support
line managers by providing training and development
programmes to enable them to be the best leader to

their colleagues.

2) Gisaattona) Te

detitast