Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section that includes discrete information related to each entity. This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures , sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that the Company and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and 18 U.S.C. §1350. In order to highlight the differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report for the Company and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to the Company and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of ERPOP, EQR consolidates ERPOP for financial reporting purposes, and EQR essentially has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. The separate discussions of the Company and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company. 4 Table of Contents EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I. Item 1. Business 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 24 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 24 Item 2. Properties 25 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 27 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 Item 6. Reserved 29 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 45 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 46 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 46 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 46 Item 9B. Other Information 47 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 47 PART III. Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 48 Item 11. Executive Compensation 48 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 48 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 48 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 48 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 49 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 49 .1 .1 .2 .1 .2 .3 EX 31.4 .1 .2 .3 .4 INSTANCE DOCUMENT SCHEMA DOCUMENT 5 Table of Contents INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE EQUITY RESIDENTIAL ERP OPERATING LIMITED PARTNERSHIP PAGE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial Statements (Equity Residential) F- 1 to F- 2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial Statements (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) F- 3 to F- 4 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (Equity Residential) F- 5 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (ERP Operating Limited Partnership) F- 6 Financial Statements of Equity Residential: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 F- 8 to F- 9 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 F- 10 to F- 13 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 20 22 F- 14 to F- 15 Financial Statements of ERP Operating Limited Partnership: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 F- 16 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 F- 17 to F- 18 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 F- 19 to F- 22 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 20 22 F- 23 to F- 24 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership F- 25 to F- 57 SCHEDULE FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation of Equity Residential and ERP Operating Limited Partnership S- 1 to S- 12 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 6 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General Equity Residential (“EQR”) is committed to creating communities where people thrive. The Company, a member of the S&P 500, is focused on the acquisition, development and management of residential properties located in and around dynamic cities that attract affluent renters. ERP Operating Limited Partnership (“ERPOP”) is focused on conducting the multifamily property business of EQR. EQR is a Maryland real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed in March 1993 and ERPOP is an Illinois limited partnership formed in May 1993. References to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean collectively EQR, ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by EQR and/or ERPOP. References to the “Operating Partnership” mean collectively ERPOP and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by ERPOP. EQR is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2024 owned an approximate 97.0% ownership interest in, ERPOP. All of the Company’s property ownership, development and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and EQR has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in ERPOP. EQR issues equity from time to time, the net proceeds of which it is obligated to contribute to ERPOP, but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its joint ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. The Company’s corporate headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois and the Company also operates regional property management offices in most of its markets. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or the Definitions section of Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . See also Note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Company’s segment disclosures. Available Information You may access our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements and any amendments to any of those reports/statements we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) free of charge on our website, www.equityapartments.com. These reports/statements are made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The information contained on our website, including any information referred to in this report as being available on our website, is not a part of or incorporated into this report. Business Objectives and Operating and Investing Strategies Overview The Company is one of the largest U.S. owners and operators of high quality rental apartment properties, with an established presence in Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., Southern California (including Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego), San Francisco and Seattle, and an expanding presence in Denver, Atlanta, Dallas/Ft. Worth and Austin. Through our ownership in these markets, we seek to optimize our portfolio by balancing risk and maximizing returns. We believe that this portfolio will allow us to produce more consistent cash flows in a volatile world where local market conditions may cause operating fundamentals to rapidly fluctuate. We believe our markets are knowledge centers of the U.S. economy that draw employers and their talented affluent workers that drive economic growth in the United States. We believe that both the locations of our properties and the cost of renting versus home ownership in these markets are attractive to these affluent knowledge workers (who often choose to rent for lifestyle reasons and due to a lack of home affordability) that we hope to convert into satisfied residents. We believe we have created an operating platform and balance sheet to run our properties. Our employees are focused on delivering remarkable customer service to our residents so they will stay with us longer, be willing to pay higher rent for a great experience and will tell others about how much they love living in an Equity Residential property. We utilize technology and other innovative methods of engagement with our residents to foster relationships and community, improve the resident experience and operate our business more efficiently. We pair that with disciplined balance sheet management that enhances returns and value creation while maintaining flexibility to take advantage of future opportunities. We believe that our stakeholders value stability, liquidity, predictability and accountability and that is the mission to which we remain unwaveringly committed. 7 Table of Contents Demand to live in our apartment communities remains healthy and we believe that the prospects for our business remain strong. Our business benefits from elevated single family home ownership costs which makes renting more attractive, positive household formation trends, residents choosing a rental lifestyle for greater flexibility in living arrangements and the overall deficit in housing across the country, especially in the areas in which we are investing. Our communities provide an exceptional experience for our residents around dynamic cities that we believe will continue to attract renters who are highly educated, well employed and earn high incomes. Equity Residential is committed to creating communities where people thrive. We carry this, our corporate purpose, through our relationships with our customers, our employees, our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. It drives our commitments to sustainability, inclusion, the total wellbeing of our employees and being a responsible corporate citizen in the communities in which we operate. Investment Strategy The Company’s strategy is to invest in apartment properties located in strategically targeted markets with the goal of generating consistent and superior total returns by balancing current cash flow generation with capital appreciation. We seek to meet this goal by investing in markets that are characterized by conditions favorable to multifamily property operations over the . Our investment strategy featuring acquisitions, new and expansion developments, densifying developments and accretive renovations of existing properties is focused on optimizing and balancing our portfolio in terms of location, including between our Established Markets and Expansion Markets and between urban and suburban submarkets within those markets. The markets we focus on generally feature one or more of the following characteristics that allow us to drive performance: • Large and diverse economic drivers . Our markets are some of the largest cities in the United States. They are markets that generally attract a variety of large and diverse industries and businesses. They include a number of submarkets that are attractive for multifamily ownership and are positioned to capture future demand. • High costs of single family home ownership. Elevated single family home ownership costs (large down payments, high interest rates, etc.), low for sale inventory and existing homeowners that are reluctant to sell given favorable financing all support renting in the , especially in the markets in which we operate. • Strong high quality job growth. Our markets attract and create high quality jobs that are often focused in growing areas of the economy. These jobs result in the significant presence and growth in renters that work in the highest earning sectors of the economy and are not , creating the ability to raise rents more readily in good economic times and reducing risk during downturns. Many of these workers are employed in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics, or STEM jobs, as well as financial services, medical, legal and other professions. • Significant apartment demand that meets new apartment supply. We remain focused on owning and operating properties in markets and submarkets where the supply of apartments is met with strong demand. While at times supply and demand imbalances may occur, over the we believe that the dynamics in our markets will support superior returns. We also focus on resiliency/environmental and regulatory issues when choosing which markets/submarkets in which to concentrate our investment efforts. We conduct climate resilience analyses and assess the regulatory climate to identify potential risks and opportunities as part of our due diligence process for new acquisitions and developments, as well as potential markets for portfolio expansion. Resiliency and regulatory issues also factor into our decisions to dispose of certain properties and/or exit certain submarkets. We believe our strategy capitalizes on the preference of renters of all ages to live in the locations where we operate which typically are near transportation (both public transit and convenient highway access), entertainment, employment centers/universities and cultural and outdoor amenities. Furthermore, we believe that demand for rental housing will continue to be driven primarily through household formations from the younger segments of our population, particularly Generation Z, while retaining Millennials for longer, and to a lesser extent, capturing the aging Baby Boomer generation. • Generation Z is approximately 70 million people born between 1997 and 2012. This cohort is entering prime renter age and is expected to continue to be an important source of demand. • Millennials are individuals born between 1981 and 1996, totaling approximately 72 million people, and continue to be a significant portion of the renter population. They also tend to remain renters longer due to the high cost of single family home ownership, societal trends favoring delays in marriage and having children and caution around making large financial commitments during uncertain economic times. 8 Table of Contents • Baby Boomers, a demographic of more than 68 million people born between 1946 and 1964, also may trend toward apartment rentals as they downsize and select retirement living in vibrant cities. The Company continues to allocate capital in order to optimize performance by balancing current cash flow growth with capital appreciation. We have done so by adding Expansion Markets to our portfolio when certain submarkets in those markets meet many of the same characteristics listed above. Expansion into these markets includes investments in both urban and suburban properties in select submarkets and is generally being funded by reducing exposure to older or lower returning assets in selected Established Markets. We believe having a more balanced portfolio between urban and suburban and between our Established Markets and Expansion Markets, while remaining focused on serving a more financially resilient renter, will create the highest returns and lowest return volatility over time. Development also plays an important role in our capital allocation. Development activity is primarily focused on our strategic partnerships and joint ventures with developers, as well as on our redevelopment/densification of existing operating properties, located in both Established Markets and Expansion Markets. The Company remains committed to development as a driver of external growth but acknowledges its incremental risk, particularly in higher inflationary cost environments, when evaluating it as a method of expansion. Competition All of the Company’s properties are located in developed areas with multiple housing choices, including other multifamily properties. The number of competitive housing choices or multifamily properties in a particular area could have a material effect on the Company’s ability to lease apartment units at its properties and on the rents charged. The Company may be competing with other housing providers that have greater resources than the Company and whose managers have more experience than the Company’s managers. In addition, other forms of rental properties and single family housing provide housing alternatives to potential residents of multifamily properties. See Item 1A, Risk Factors , for additional information with respect to competition. Operations and Innovation We attempt to balance occupancy and rental rates to maximize our revenue while exercising tight cost control to generate the highest possible cash flow generation to our shareholders. Our focus on operating efficiency and delivery of an exceptional resident living experience has driven strong Physical Occupancy and low Turnover while achieving strong renewal rate growth. We deliver this performance through rapidly evolving technology and innovation that is increasingly prevalent in our industry. We have been and continue to be a leader in deploying and investing in property technology to serve our customers better and operate more efficiently. Having a history as a first mover in such important areas as online leasing, we are focused on technology that drives superior margins and improves customer experience. We use a standardized purchasing system to control our operating expenses and a business intelligence platform and other data analytics that allow our team members to quickly identify and address issues and opportunities. Many of these initiatives allow us to interact with our customers in a safe, responsible and convenient manner, including tours, automated responses to customer inquiries and enhanced service and maintenance management. While we believe areas such as “smart home” technology and others will provide the foundation for current and future improvements to how we do business, we will continue to consider the cost and longevity of technology capital investments and their benefits. Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility At Equity Residential, corporate responsibility is integrated into every aspect of our business, as we aim to minimize environmental impact, manage climate and environmental risks and position the Company as an attractive investment. We prioritize robust governance and transparency, operating our assets efficiently, strategically and responsibly allocating capital and investing in innovative technologies and practices. We are focused on creating and maintaining a sustainable portfolio with properties that can withstand and adapt to the impacts of climate change, minimizing casualty loss risk and providing stable housing for our residents. We have a dedicated team that initiates and applies sustainable practices in all aspects of our business, including investment activities, development, property operations and property management activities. Multifamily housing is one of the most environmentally-friendly uses of real estate, as each property provides homes for hundreds of families in a denser shared environment. We consider building locations based on walkability, accessibility, neighborhoods and communities. Our properties support amenities such as fitness centers and we select locations near retail shops, restaurants, outdoor amenities such as bike/running paths and health clubs, enabling a low carbon footprint lifestyle for our residents to live, work and play. 9 Table of Contents Equity Residential’s sustainability program actively manages environmental impacts and utility costs through optimized, financially responsible capital investments and technologies. We methodically focus on energy, water, waste and emissions to advance the program’s policies, targets and resilience outcomes as well as our shareholders' financial interests. We believe that our approach will prepare us to operate in a economy and drive asset value while maintaining a commitment to good corporate citizenship and maximizing investment performance. Our expertise has shown that as real estate owners, developers and managers, we have the ability to make a positive impact on the environment while also enhancing our financial performance and strengthening our organization’s sense of purpose. As detailed below, we are committed to our employees’ engagement, inclusion and wellness. We are committed to building a community where everyone belongs and diverse perspectives fuel creativity and innovation, shaping a workplace that is not only inclusive but also collaborative. We also recognize that a successful company must incorporate the best corporate governance practices to serve its stakeholders better. Consistent with the Company's purpose and commitment to corporate responsibility concepts in all aspects of its business, executive compensation includes a goal that focuses on corporate responsibility factors. For additional information regarding our corporate responsibility efforts, see our 2024 Corporate Responsibility Report at our website, www.equityapartments.com, which includes limited assurance covering some of the environmental metrics included in the report. The report was reviewed and approved by the Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Trustees, which monitors the Company’s ongoing corporate responsibility efforts. The Corporate Responsibility Report is not part of or incorporated into this report. Furthermore, our annual proxy statements contain additional information on our corporate responsibility efforts, including detailed information regarding our corporate governance practices. Such annual proxy statements and the information contained therein are not part of or incorporated into this report, except as otherwise provided herein. Human Capital Our commitment to Human Capital starts with a highly skilled Board of Trustees that reflects a diverse range of thought and perspective. At Equity Residential, our team of approximately 2,500 employees is the driving force behind our continued success. Employees can grow, innovate and contribute to our shared goals, including our purpose of “ Creating communities where people thrive.” This alignment of individual aspirations with our business goals creates a powerful partnership that drives innovation, excellence and lasting impact across our organization and industry. We believe it enhances employee job capabilities, advances our business and creates sustainable shareholder value. Our approach focuses on engaging, motivating and rewarding employees, ensuring they feel valued and contribute their best. Built on a foundation of continuous learning and development, we have implemented programs that support career progression, enhance managerial capabilities and create a culture of collaboration and engagement. These efforts ensure that our workforce is to meet today’s challenges and equipped to lead the future. Talent Development, Attraction and Retention • To develop, attract and retain the best employees, we are committed to providing a total compensation package that is , performance driven, fair and internally equitable. • Our goal is to be competitive both within the general employment market and with our competitors in the real estate industry, with our strongest performers being paid more. • Base pay is reviewed annually, along with Equity Residential’s compensation framework. This process involves partnering with managers to create and update job descriptions that accurately reflect the duties, skills, experience and education required for each role. We then benchmark the Company’s pay practices and budget as well as our job roles against compensation surveys to determine the market value of each position. • During the performance evaluation process, managers review and calibrate compensation for their team members in an effort to ensure fairness in our pay practices, while recognizing and rewarding top talent to keep them motivated. • We benefit from a diverse workforce, of which over 60% currently identify as ethnically diverse. • We are committed to fostering a safe, inclusive and productive workplace for all employees. We believe our strength lies in our differences. By fostering a work environment built on respect, trust and collaboration, we create an exceptional experience where employees can bring their full selves to work and thrive in their careers. • We actively work to expand the breadth of our talent pipeline at all levels, with an enhanced focus on and higher positions. We connect with emerging real estate talent in the communities we serve, sponsor internships and ensure educational opportunities are accessible to more students. 10 Table of Contents • We employ interns from universities nationwide and local colleges to provide pathways for students of various backgrounds interested in real estate. Employee Engagement • Employee engagement and experience are extremely important at Equity Residential. Our Employee Experience (EX) Survey measures employee engagement, manager effectiveness, trust and inclusion, among other components of the employee experience. • Our 2024 engagement score of 77.4% favorability is very strong, especially given changes in employee expectations over the past several years. Our inclusion index score of 84.4% demonstrates significant employee favorability for our initiatives and a greater sense of belonging. • We launched an Engagement Advisory Group dedicated to identifying opportunities to bolster our engagement scores and improve the employee experience by leveraging insights gleaned from our 2023 engagement survey. • Executive leaders are assessed annually on leadership results on inclusion, engagement and manager completion of Ethics and Positive Workplace training, which for 2024 were measured by an employee experience survey and course completion rates. Training and Development • Our HR Transformation Learning & Development team is focused on driving innovation, connection and a culture of continuous growth. We work with leaders and employees to create meaningful learning experiences that allow everyone to succeed. With tailored learning paths, we guide employees on personalized development journeys, helping them build the skills they need to thrive. • Leadership development is a key focus, giving current and future leaders the tools to inspire, innovate and lead with impact. Whether it’s workshops, virtual learning or programs, our team blends diverse approaches to meet evolving needs and elevate our organization to the next level. Health, Total Rewards and Wellness • Equity Residential empowers employees to thrive across physical, mental, financial, career, social and community dimensions of wellbeing. By fostering an environment where employees bring their best selves to work, we enable impactful contributions to our business, culture and communities, underscoring the connection between employee wellbeing and organizational success. • Recognizing that one size does not fit all when supporting our employees, we offer a comprehensive and inclusive benefits package designed to meet a wide range of needs. Our programs include medical, dental and vision coverage; mental health and stress management resources; financial wellness tools; and support for proactive . From addressing complex health conditions to providing resources for everyday wellbeing, we believe our benefits ensure every employee feels supported, balanced and able to thrive. • To address the ongoing importance of mental health, we provide culturally competent and accessible resources, including educational tools, free access to an meditation app for employees and their families, partnerships with virtual care providers and an Employee Assistance Program offering five free counseling sessions per year per presenting matter. These efforts focus on mindfulness, stress management and building resilience to enhance productivity and overall wellbeing. • We prioritize proactive healthcare by covering 100% of preventive care for employees, a longstanding commitment that predates healthcare reform. We removed financial barriers to accessing affordable, medications, such as insulin, opioid overuse, asthma and severe allergic reaction medications, by eliminating expenses for these medications within our medical plan. Our robust wellness program encourages ongoing healthy behaviors, rewards proactive health management and ensures accessible care for ongoing health needs and emergencies, fostering a balanced and healthy workforce. • In 2024, we reimagined recognition, introducing popular digital recognition badges awarded at the , and levels. We rebuilt our awards program for all employees and added new governance, accountability and reporting layers to ensure compliance and equitable application. It was codified in a recognition playbook that informs and guides any employee on recognition and appreciation best practices. 11 Table of Contents • Financial benefits and resources help our employees manage their money better today, while preparing for financial milestones and retirement in the future. Financial peace of mind is at the core of these offerings, whether it’s our generous 401(k) match, basic and supplemental insurance to ensure our loved ones and possessions are cared for, rent discounts at our properties or additional savings and investment options like our employee share purchase plan. • When employees move up in skill and experience, so does Equity Residential. We encourage our employees to push the boundaries of their comfort zones and seek new challenges through several learning resources and courses. We actively promote from within, and many senior corporate and property leaders have risen from entry level or junior positions. • We offer a number of benefits that foster social and community wellbeing, including paid time off to volunteer in our communities. • Equity Residential continues to partner with Employees1st to provide financial relief via a crisis fund for employees struck by personal hardships or unforeseen disasters. The Company contributes funds to further support employees who experience unforeseen or catastrophic hardship. We are proud that this program allows yet another avenue for us to tangibly demonstrate a one team culture by ensuring that employees feel safe and supported during extreme circumstances. Regulatory Considerations See Item 1A, Risk Factors , for information concerning the potential effects of governmental regulations, including environmental regulations, on our operations. 12 Table of Contents Item 1A. Ri sk Factors General This Item 1A includes statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on statements included in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”), Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and our public unsecured debt. In this section, we refer to the Shares, Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and public unsecured debt together as our “securities” and the investors who own such securities as our “security holders.” Risks Related to our Business Strategy Investing in real estate is inherently subject to risks that could negatively impact our business. Investing in real estate is subject to varying degrees and types of risk. While we seek to mitigate these risks through various strategies, including geographic diversification, market research and proactive asset management, among other techniques, these risks cannot be eliminated entirely. Factors that have in the past and may in the future impact cash flows and real estate values include, but are not limited to: • Local economic conditions, particularly oversupply or reductions in demand; • National, regional and local political and regulatory climates, governmental fiscal health and governmental policies; • The inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; • Increases in our operating expenses due to inflation, tariffs, immigration issues or other cost pressures; • Cost and availability of labor and materials required to maintain our properties at acceptable standards; • Availability of attractive financing opportunities; • Changes in social preferences, demographics or migration patterns; and • Additional risks that are discussed below. The geographic concentration of our properties could have an adverse effect on our operations. While the Company continues to diversify its portfolio with the addition of the Expansion Markets, the Company’s properties are still predominantly concentrated in our Established Markets (generally within certain dense urban and suburban submarkets). If one or more of these markets is unfavorably impacted by specific geopolitical and/or economic conditions, local real estate conditions, increases in social unrest, increases in real estate and other taxes, reduced quality of life, deterioration of local or state government health, rent control or rent stabilization laws, other similar regulations, or localized environmental and climate issues, the impact of such conditions may have a more negative impact on our results of operations than if our properties were more geographically diverse. Additionally, to the extent that these markets or submarkets become less desirable to operate in, including changes in multifamily housing supply and demand, our results of operations could be more negatively impacted than if we were more diversified within our markets or invested in a greater number of markets. Competition for housing may negatively affect operations and demand for the Company’s properties or residents. Our properties face competition for residents from other existing or new multifamily properties, condominiums, single family homes and other living arrangements, whether owned or rental, that may attract residents from our properties or prospective residents that would otherwise choose to live with us. As a result, we may not be able to renew existing resident leases or enter into new resident leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates or terms that are less favorable than our current rates or terms, resulting in a material impact on our results of operations. Additionally, our properties face competition for residents as a result of innovations in technology and amenities. Therefore, we may not be able to retain residents or attract new residents if we are unable to identify and cost effectively implement new, relevant technologies/amenities and keep up with constantly changing resident demand for the latest innovations in these areas. 13 Table of Contents The nature of apartment leases exposes us more quickly to the effects of declining market rents, potentially making our results of operations and cash flows more volatile. Generally, our residential apartment leases are for twelve months or less. If the terms of the renewal or releasing are less favorable than current terms, then the Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. Given our generally lease structure, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. In addition, operating expenses associated with each property, such as real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance costs and employee wages and benefits, may not decline at all or decline at the same rate as revenues when circumstances might cause a reduction of those revenues at our properties. Because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate. Real estate investments often cannot be sold quickly due to regulatory constraints, market conditions or otherwise. As a result, we may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio, including the diversification of our portfolio into the Expansion Markets, as promptly as desired or as quickly in response to changing economic or other conditions. We may also be unable to consummate dispositions in a timely manner, on attractive terms, or at all. The capitalization rates/disposition yields at which properties may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In some cases, we may also determine that we will not recover the carrying amount of the property upon disposition, potentially causing an impairment charge. This inability to reallocate our capital promptly could negatively affect our financial condition, including our ability to make distributions to our security holders. Competition may prevent us from acquiring properties on favorable terms. We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition and development opportunities. We expect that other real estate investors will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms. Operations from new acquisitions, development projects and renovations may fail to perform as expected. We intend to actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily operating properties as part of our business strategy. Newly acquired, developed or renovated properties may not perform as we expect. We may overestimate the revenue (or underestimate the expenses) that these new or repositioned properties may generate. The occupancy and rental rates at these properties may also fail to meet our expectations for these investments. Land parcels acquired for development may lose significant value prior to the start of construction. Development and renovations are subject to even greater uncertainties and risks due to the complexities and lead time to build or complete these projects. We may also underestimate the costs to complete a development property or to complete a renovation. Additionally, we have and may in the future acquire large portfolios of properties or companies that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. We may be unable to integrate the operations or accurately assess the liabilities of newly acquired large portfolios or companies and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits or do so within the anticipated time frame. Furthermore, we have in the past and may in the future decide to invest in new markets outside of our existing Established Markets by acquiring and/or developing properties in accordance with the Company's investment strategy. Our historical experience in our Established Markets does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. Entering into new markets may expose us to a variety of risks, including an inability to accurately evaluate local market conditions and local economies, to identify appropriate acquisition and/or development opportunities, to hire and retain key personnel and a lack of familiarity with local governmental regulations. Construction risks on our development projects could affect our profitability. We intend to continue to develop multifamily properties through both wholly owned and joint venture arrangements as part of our business strategy. Development often includes long planning and entitlement timelines, subjecting the projects to changes in market conditions. It can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in our markets. We have experienced and may continue to experience an increase in costs due to general disruptions that affect the cost of labor and/or materials, such as supply chain disruptions, trade disputes, tariffs, immigration issues, labor unrest, geopolitical conflicts or other factors that create inflationary pressures. We may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, and as a result, we may fail to recover costs already incurred in exploring those opportunities, potentially causing an impairment charge. We may also be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or permits and authorizations. These and other risks inherent in development projects, including the joint venture risks noted below, could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities. 14 Table of Contents We are subject to risks involved in real estate activity through joint ventures. We currently, and may continue to in the future, develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with unrelated third parties. Joint ventures create risks including the following: • The possibility that our partners might refuse or be financially unable to make capital contributions when due or may fail to meet contractual obligations to cover development cost overruns and therefore we may be forced to make contributions to protect our investments; • These projects generally use mortgage debt (including variable rate constructions loans) to finance their activities at a higher leverage level (and at a potentially higher cost due to higher variable rates) than how we finance the Company as a whole; • We may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses; • Our partners might at any time have business, tax planning or economic goals that are inconsistent with ours; • Our partners may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our recommendations, instructions or requests; and • The possibility that our partner is either unable to or unwilling to complete their contractual development activities. At times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners. We have in the past and may in the future choose to guarantee part of or all of certain joint venture debt or to act as a lender to the joint venture itself. We and our respective joint venture partners may each have the right to trigger a arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time or price that is unfavorable to us. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated and our ability to operate, finance or dispose of properties and interests in such joint ventures in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the applicable joint venture agreement. To the extent we have commitments to, on behalf of or are dependent on any such sheet commitments, or if those commitments or their properties or leases are subject to material contingencies, our liquidity and financial condition could be adversely affected. In some instances, our joint venture partners may also have competing interests or objectives that could create conflicts of interest similar to those noted above. These objectives may be contrary to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with those requirements. To the extent our partners do not meet their obligations to us or our joint ventures, or they take actions inconsistent with the interests of the joint venture, it could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition, including distributions to our security holders. We are subject to risks involved in activity through real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, real estate technology and other real estate fund investments. Noncontrolling interests and passive investments are inherently risky because we have limited ability to influence business decisions. The managers of such investments have autonomy over the operations of the business and may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. In addition, the market for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may not materialize to the expected scale, causing these companies to abandon, modify or alter their product, service or overall strategy. Further, there is no assurance that these companies can obtain additional capital or resources, generate sufficient cash flow to sustain operations and successfully execute their strategy or that their equity will become sufficiently liquid for us to effectively monetize our investment. The performance of these investments may also rely on the services of a limited number of key individuals, the loss of whom could significantly adversely affect such investments’ performance. As a result, we may recognize an impairment of our investment or be unable to sell or otherwise monetize any of the investments we have acquired or may acquire in the future. We are subject to risks related to our properties that are subject to ground leases. We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, ground leases with respect to assets that may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties, limit our use and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to operate the properties. In addition, as we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease if we are unable to agree upon an extension of the lease with the lessor. Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 15 Table of Contents We face certain risks related to our operating activities. The space (includes retail and public parking garage operations) at our properties primarily serves as an additional amenity for our residents and neighbors. The nature of our leases (generally five to ten years with market based renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our tenants (generally small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates. Also, when leases for our existing space expire or are otherwise terminated, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. The presence of competitive alternatives and other market conditions (including online shopping) may affect our ability to lease our space and impact the level of rents we can obtain. If our tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions, such as rent abatements and deferrals, in order to continue operations or cease their operations, any or all of which could lead us to record a of a tenant's rent receivable (like we did in 2023 due to the Rite Aid bankruptcy) and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. The Company’s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. A decline in the fair value of our assets may require us to recognize an impairment against our assets under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the depreciated cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and the depreciated cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted depreciated cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we are required to recognize material asset impairment charges, these charges could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Corporate responsibility, specifically related to sustainability efforts, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. Corporate responsibility evaluations remain highly important to some investors and other stakeholders. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk advisory services to investors have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon corporate responsibility metrics. Many investors focus on corporate responsibility-related business practices and scores when choosing to allocate their capital and may consider a company's score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. Government regulators' and investors' increased focus and activism related to corporate responsibility and similar matters may constrain our business operations or increase expenses or capital expenditures. In addition, investors may decide to refrain from investing in us as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of corporate responsibility factors. We may face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. In addition, the criteria by which companies are rated for their efforts may change, which could cause us to receive different scores than in previous years. Our rating could result in a negative perception of the Company, exclusion of our securities from consideration by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead and/or cause investors to reallocate their capital away from the Company, all of which could have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. Our various initiatives to improve our operating margins and customer experience may fail to perform as expected. We have developed and may continue to develop initiatives that are intended to serve our customers better and operate more efficiently, including “smart home” technology and options that are accessible to residents through smart devices or otherwise. Such initiatives have involved and may involve our employees having new or different responsibilities and processes with which they may be unfamiliar. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives, and these initiatives may not perform as expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.​ Risks Related to our Financing Strategy and Capital Structure Disruptions in the financial markets could hinder our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions. Dislocations and disruptions in capital markets could result in increased costs or lack of availability of debt financing (including under our commercial paper program) and equity financing. This includes any disruptions that may occur as a result of the potential 16 Table of Contents privatization of the currently government sponsored organizations, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Such events may affect our ability to refinance existing debt, require us to utilize higher cost alternatives and/or impair our ability to adjust to changing economic and business conditions. Capital market disruptions have and could continue to negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions or make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may unfavorably affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell. Such disruptions could cause the price of our securities to decline. Changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could decrease the market price of our Common Shares. The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange on which we list our Common Shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over time, including in recent years. As a result, the market price of our Common Shares has been and could continue to be similarly volatile. Investors in our Common Shares consequently may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases due to this volatility and not necessarily related to our operating performance or prospects. Additionally, the market price of our Common Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to the sale of substantial amounts of our Common Shares, or the anticipation of the sale of such shares, by large holders of our securities, as well as our inclusion or exclusion from stock indices. The issuance of additional Common Shares by the Company, or the perception that such issuances might occur, could also cause significant volatility and decreases in the value of our shares. Continuing high interest rates can also negatively impact the value of our Common Shares, not just through higher interest expense on our debt, but also as investors and markets discount our earnings more and/or assume slower growth in earnings. Our financial counterparties may not perform their obligations. Disruptions in financial and credit markets or other events could impair the ability of our counterparties to perform under their contractual obligations to us. There are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to provide borrowings under our revolving credit facility and to pay us amounts due under various interest rate derivative agreements. Should any of these institutions fail to perform their obligations when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected. Rising interest rates can increase costs and impact the value of the Company’s assets. The Company is exposed to market risk from financial instruments primarily from changes in market interest rates. Such risks derive from the refinancing of debt at or prior to maturity, from exposure to interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt and from derivative instruments utilized to swap fixed rate debt to floating rates or to hedge rates in anticipation of future debt issuances. Rising interest rates increased and may continue to increase our interest expense and the costs of refinancing existing debt. Higher interest rates also increased and could continue to increase capitalization rates, which may lead to reduced valuations of the Company’s assets. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. From time to time when we anticipate issuing debt securities, we may seek to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates during the period prior to the pricing of the securities by entering into interest rate hedging contracts. Also, from time to time we may rely on interest rate hedging contracts to limit our exposure under variable rate debt to unfavorable changes in market interest rates. The settlement of interest rate hedging contracts may involve material charges. In addition, our use of interest rate hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may default on the contract. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective and have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Insufficient cash flow could affect our ability to service existing debt and create refinancing risk. We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments. We may not be able to refinance existing debt and if we can, the terms of such refinancing may be less favorable than the terms of existing indebtedness. Our inability to refinance, extend or repay debt with proceeds from other capital market transactions would negatively impact our financial condition. If the debt is secured, the mortgage holder may also foreclose on the property. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance. A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the Company’s revolving credit facility, would cause the corresponding borrowing costs to increase, impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, and potentially impair our ability to access the commercial paper market or otherwise limit our access to capital. In addition, a downgrade below investment grade would likely cause us to lose access to the commercial paper market and would require us to post cash collateral 17 Table of Contents and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders’ requirements at the lower ratings level. Financial covenants could limit operational flexibility and affect our overall financial position. The terms of our credit agreements, including our revolving credit facility and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued, require us to comply with a number of financial covenants. These covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness and trigger a cross default of other debt. Some of our properties are financed with bonds or otherwise contain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements, which limit income from certain properties. The Company monitors compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties. While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit from financing properties with bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. Some of these requirements are complex, and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. We may change the dividend policy for our securities in the future. The decision to declare and pay dividends on our securities, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, is at the discretion of the Board of Trustees and will depend on actual and projected financial conditions, the Company’s actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the Company’s projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the Company’s Board of Trustees deems relevant. The Board of Trustees may modify our dividend policy from time to time and any change in our dividend policy could negatively impact the market price of our securities. Issuances or sales of our Common Shares or Units may be dilutive. Any additional issuance of Common Shares (including those issued under our ("ATM") program) or Units would reduce the percentage of our Common Shares and Units owned by existing investors. In some circumstances, shareholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional Common Shares or Units. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of additional offerings of our Common Shares or Units along with the value of our properties, our shareholders and unitholders could experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their Common Shares or Units, as well as dilution in our actual and expected earnings per share, funds from operations (“FFO”) per share and Normalized FFO per share. Regulatory and Tax Risks The adoption of, or changes in, rent control or rent stabilization regulations and eviction restrictions could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values. In part due to increasing pressure from advocacy groups, a growing number of state and local governments have enacted and may continue to consider enacting and/or expanding rent control, rent stabilization, eviction moratoriums or other regulations that restrict the methods and strategies by which we operate our business. In addition, the federal government has recently considered imposing rent regulations on multifamily properties secured by debt. These regulations specifically and/or effectively limit or could continue to limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees (either of which could have a retroactive effect), enforce residents’ or tenants’ contractual rent obligations or pursue collections, all of which could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values. Compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs. Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements, building and zoning codes, environmental and other related regulations, and federal, state and local accessibility requirements, including and in addition to those imposed by the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Act. Noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance. Existing requirements could change and compliance with future requirements may require significant unanticipated expenditures that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Further, laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level requiring disclosures, including the rules proposed by the SEC and the legislation recently enacted in the State of California, may increase compliance and data collection costs if and/or when such laws and regulations become effective. 18 Table of Contents Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require current or previous owners or operators of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances at such properties. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination. These laws typically impose responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the costs incurred. Third parties may also sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties. Changes in U.S. accounting standards may materially and adversely affect the reporting of our operations. The Company follows GAAP, which is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the SEC as authoritative for publicly held companies. The FASB and the SEC create and interpret accounting standards and may issue new accounting pronouncements or change the interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes could have a material impact on our reported consolidated results of operations and financial position. Any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could result in a decrease of our share price. Section 404 of the Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have a negative impact on our share price. Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders. We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, for which there is limited judicial and administrative interpretation, however, are highly technical and complex. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future. The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control. To qualify as a REIT, our assets must be substantially comprised of real estate assets as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and related guidance and our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws. We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and would have to pay significant income taxes unless the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) granted us relief under certain statutory provisions. In addition, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. We would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders and would no longer be required to make distributions to security holders. This would likely have a significant negative impact on the value of our securities. In addition, we own and may in the future own additional interests in subsidiary entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs. As such, each must separately satisfy all of the requirements to qualify for REIT status. If a subsidiary REIT did not satisfy such requirements, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be taxed as a regular corporation and its income would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation. Failure to comply with these complex REIT rules at the subsidiary REIT level can have a material and detrimental impact to EQR’s REIT status. Gain on disposition of assets held for sale in the ordinary course of business is subject to 100% tax. Any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax unless certain safe harbor exceptions set forth in the Code apply. We do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property are prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The IRS may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties are prohibited transactions. While we believe the IRS would not prevail in any such dispute, if the IRS were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction. In addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT. 19 Table of Contents We may be subject to legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition. At any time, U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or impacting real estate or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be enacted or amended. We cannot predict if or when any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, IRS and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations or other administrative guidance, will be adopted or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. The Company and our shareholders could be negatively impacted by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulations or administrative guidance. Distribution requirements may limit our flexibility to manage our portfolio. In order to maintain qualification as a REIT under the Code, a REIT must annually distribute to its shareholders at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, excluding the dividends paid deduction and net capital gains. To the extent the REIT does not distribute all of its net capital gain, or distributes at least 90%, but less than 100% of its REIT taxable income, it will be required to pay regular U.S. federal income tax on the undistributed amount at corporate rates. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on amounts, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our net capital gains and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. We may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement. We may be required from time to time, under certain circumstances, to accrue as income for tax purposes interest and rent earned but not yet received. We may incur a reduction in tax depreciation without a reduction in capital expenditures. Difficulties in meeting the 90% distribution requirement might arise due to competing demands for our funds or due to timing differences between tax reporting and cash distributions, because deductions may be disallowed, income may be reported before cash is received, expenses may have to be paid before a deduction is allowed or because the IRS may make a determination that adjusts reported income. In addition, gain from the sale of property may exceed the amount of cash received on a basis. A substantial increase to our taxable income may reduce the flexibility of the Company to manage its portfolio through dispositions of properties other than through tax deferred transactions, such as Section 1031 exchanges, or cause the Company to borrow funds or liquidate investments on unfavorable terms in order to meet these distribution requirements. If we do not dispose of our properties through tax deferred transactions, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax. If we fail to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement and are unable to cure the deficiency, we would cease to be taxed as a REIT, resulting in substantial liabilities. We have a share ownership limit for REIT tax purposes. To remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding Shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year. To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than five percent of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common or preferred shares (the “Ownership Limit”). Absent an exemption or waiver granted by our Board of Trustees, securities acquired or held in violation of the Ownership Limit will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the security holder’s rights to distributions and to vote would terminate. A transfer of Shares may automatically be deemed void if it causes a person to violate the Ownership Limit. The Ownership Limit could delay or prevent a change in control and, therefore, could affect our security holders’ ability to realize a premium over the market price for their Shares. To reduce the ability of the Board to use the Ownership Limit as an device, the Company’s Ownership Limit requires, rather than permits, the Board to grant a waiver of the Ownership Limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company’s status as a REIT. Tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the Company or our shareholders. Under certain circumstances we have made and/or may consider making in the future, a tax election to treat certain distributions to shareholders made after the close of a taxable year as having been distributed during such closed taxable year. This election, which is provided for in the Code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year. However, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the REIT distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability. In addition, the Company may be required to pay interest to the IRS based on such a distribution. In order to retain liquidity and continue to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, the Company could issue shares rather than pay a dividend entirely in cash to shareholders. The IRS has published several rulings which have allowed REITs to offer shareholders the choice between shares or cash as a form of payment of a dividend (an “elective stock dividend”). However, REITs are generally required to structure the cash component to be no less than 20% of the total dividend paid. Therefore, it is possible that the total tax burden to shareholders resulting from an elective stock dividend may exceed the amount of cash received by the shareholder. Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. Certain provisions of Maryland law applicable to REITs prohibit “business combinations” (including certain issuances of equity securities) with any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of outstanding securities, or with an affiliate 20 Table of Contents who, at any time within the period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting securities (an “Interested Shareholder”), or with an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder. These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder. After the period, a business combination with an Interested Shareholder must be approved by two shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, holders of common shares receive a minimum price for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the Interested Shareholder for its common shares. General Risk Factors Risk of Pandemics or Other Health Crises. Pandemics, epidemics or other health crises or public emergencies have and could in the future disrupt our business. Both global and locally targeted health events could materially affect areas where our properties, corporate/regional offices or major service providers are located. These events have and could in the future have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, which could also heighten many of the other risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A, Risk Factors . Significant inflation could negatively impact our business. Substantial inflationary pressures can adversely affect us by disproportionately increasing the costs of land, materials, labor and other costs needed to operate our business. In a highly inflationary environment, we may not be able to raise rental rates at or above the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. If we are unable to increase our rental prices to offset the effects of inflation, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, interest rate increases enacted to combat inflation have caused market disruption and could continue to prevent us from acquiring or disposing of assets on favorable terms or at all. The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our reputation and business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cybersecurity incident is an unauthorized occurrence, or a series of related unauthorized occurrences, on or conducted through the Company's information systems that jeopardizes the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information systems or any information residing therein. These events can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, including information regarding our residents, prospective residents, employees and employees’ dependents. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training and the existence of a disaster recovery plan, our information technology systems, including those maintained by vendors with which we do business, are vulnerable to damage and interruption from any number of sources beyond our control, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, geopolitical events, telecommunication failures and cyber attacks. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, phishing attempts, social engineering, ransomware or other scams, persons inside our organization or persons/vendors with access to our systems and other significant disruptions 

[truncated]