Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 15 September 2026 15 September 2026 THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. TERMS USED IN THIS PARAGRAPH HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information in the final offering circular intended to be published by Playtech plc on or about 18 September 2026 (the "Offering Circular") in connection with the proposed admission of the securities referred to herein to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. Copies of the Offering Circular will, following publication, be available for inspection at the offices of Citibank N.A., London Branch (the Principal Paying Agent) at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, and on the website of Euronext Dublin. Playtech plc (“ Playtech ” or the “Company” ) Playtech successfully prices €350 million bond offering Playtech (LSE: PTEC) is pleased to announce that it has today successfully priced €350 million 5.5 per cent. senior secured notes due 2031 (the "New Notes"). The New Notes are expected to be assigned a rating of BB- by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Ba2 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd upon issue The net proceeds of the issue of the New Notes will be used by Playtech to redeem all of the outstanding €300 million 5.875 per cent. senior secured notes due 2028 (the "Existing Notes"), to pay the redemption premium and accrued interest on the Existing Notes and to pay for other transaction-related costs and expenses, with the balance used for general corporate purposes. Playtech has served notice to redeem the Existing Notes on 15 October 2026, which is conditional upon the closing of, and receipt by the Issuer of the net proceeds of, the issuance of the New Notes. Details of the New Notes will be set out in the Offering Circular. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the New Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Global Exchange Market which is the exchange-regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The New Notes are expected to settle on 22 September 2026. Following the issue of the New Notes and the redemption of the Existing Notes, Playtech's only material outstanding borrowings will be the New Notes. Playtech also maintains a €225 million revolving credit facility which is currently undrawn. Banco Santander, S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Limited, NatWest Markets Plc and MUFG Securities EMEA plc are acting as joint bookrunners on the transaction. AIB Group (UK), p.l.c. trading as Allied Irish Bank (GB) is acting as co-manager on the transaction. Please refer to the Offering Circular for the description of Playtech and its business. – ENDS – For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company has over 7,400 staff across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. Regulatory notice This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for, any securities of Playtech or any related company nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contractual commitment or investment decision in relation thereto nor does it constitute a recommendation regarding any securities. Any decision to purchase the securities referred to in this announcement, if any, should be made solely on the basis of information contained in an offering circular to be published in relation to such securities. No reliance may be placed for any purpose whatsoever on the information contained in this announcement, or any other material discussed verbally, or on its completeness, accuracy or fairness. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation regarding any securities by Playtech. This announcement has not been approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons who meet the requirements of the following paragraph and who are (i) persons outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order") or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). Any investment activity to which this communication may relate is only available to, and any invitation, offer, or agreement to engage in such investment activity will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this announcement or any of its contents. MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - The target market assessment in respect of the New Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market of the New Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for the distribution of the New Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the New Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the New Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET - The target market assessment in respect of the New Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market of the New Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients only, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for the distribution of the New Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the New Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The New Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the New Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The New Notes are not intended to be offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, the expression retail investor means a person who is either one (or both) of the following: (i) not a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (ii) not a qualified investor as defined in paragraph 15 of Schedule 1 to the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024. Consequently, no disclosure document required by the FCA Product Disclosure Sourcebook (“DISC”) for offering, selling or distributing the New Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering, selling or distributing the New Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the DISC and the Consumer Composite Investments (Designated Activities) Regulations 2024, as applicable. The recipients of this announcement should not engage in any behaviour in relation to qualifying investments or related investments (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and the Code of Market Conduct made pursuant to FSMA) which would or might amount to market abuse for the purposes of FSMA nor any other activities which would or might amount to market abuse or insider dealing for the purposes of any other applicable laws or regulations. Neither this announcement nor any copy of it may be taken or transmitted into, or distributed, directly or indirectly in, the United States of America, its territories or possessions. This announcement is not a public offer of securities for sale in the United States. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Playtech does not intend to register any portion of the proposed securities offering under the applicable securities laws of the United States, or conduct a public offering of any securities in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). The distribution of this announcement in other jurisdictions may also be restricted by law, and persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. The announcement is not for publication, release or distribution in any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction nor should it be taken or transmitted into such jurisdiction. Failure to comply with this notice may result in violation of securities law of the relevant jurisdiction . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Rathbones Group 1 day ago Georgia Capital 1 day ago Hays 1 day ago BP 1 day ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and