BETA Close X Playtech plc has published its 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and the 2026 Notice of AGM, making these documents available on its investor website and submitting them to the National Storage Mechanism. The company's Annual General Meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, May 20, 2026, at 10:00 am, to be held at Uncommon Holborn, 81-87 High Holborn, London, WC1V 6DF. Shareholders have received hard copies of the Annual Report, AGM Notice, and Form of Proxy. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 17 April 2026 17 April 2026 Playtech plc Publication of the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and Notice of AGM Playtech plc (the "Company") has today made available on its website, www.investors.playtech.com/ the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the "Annual Report"), the 2026 Notice of AGM (the "AGM Notice") and the Form of Proxy. Hard copies of these documents have today been posted to all shareholders. The Company also announces that its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will be held at Uncommon Holborn, 81-87 High Holborn, London, WC1V 6DF on Wednesday 20 May 2026 at 10.00 am. In compliance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5, a copy of the Annual Report, the AGM Notice and the Form of Proxy have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text, and will be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and