BETA Close X Playtech plc announced that Senior Independent Director Ian Penrose intends to step down from the Board but will remain as a Non-Executive Director until after the publication of the Group's final results for the year ending 31 December 2026 to ensure a smooth transition. Consequently, Resolution 6 regarding his re-election at the upcoming Annual General Meeting has been withdrawn, though this does not affect other resolutions or proxy votes. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 20 May 2026 20 May 2026 Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the "Company" ) Directorate Change Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) announces that Ian Penrose, Senior Independent Director, has notified the Company of his intention to step down from the Board. At the request of the Chairman, Ian has agreed to remain as a Non-Executive Director of the Company, Senior Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee until after the publication of the Group's final results for the year ending 31 December 2026. This will ensure a smooth transition to his successor(s) as Senior Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee. John Gleasure, Non-Executive Chairman, said: "On behalf of the Board, I'd like to express our thanks to Ian for his invaluable contribution during what has been a period of significant shareholder value creation and strategic transition since his appointment in 2018. We are grateful that he has agreed to remain with us until Spring 2027 to ensure a smooth transition of his roles. Ian has brought deep global industry experience to Playtech, and has always shown total commitment and dedication during what will have been almost 9 years of service to Playtech. We wish him all the best in his future endeavours." AGM Resolutions Further to Ian Penrose's notice that he intends to step down from Playtech's Board, it is no longer deemed necessary for Ian to stand for re-election at the Company's Annual General Meeting (" AGM ") to be held later this morning. Accordingly, Resolution 6 at the AGM is no longer required and has therefore been withdrawn. The withdrawal of Resolution 6 does not otherwise affect the validity of the Notice of AGM, the proxy form or any proxy votes already submitted on other proposed Resolutions. The numbering of all other proposed Resolutions at the AGM will remain unchanged. - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and