BETA Close X Playtech plc has announced excellent trading for the first half of 2026, with Adjusted EBITDA expected to exceed €155 million, driven by strong performance in the Americas, particularly the US and Mexico. While H2 2026 Adjusted EBITDA is anticipated to be lower due to a more sustainable revenue level with a key customer and increased UK gaming duty, the company now forecasts full-year Adjusted EBITDA of at least €270 million, significantly above the current analyst consensus of €219 million. Playtech will report its H1 2026 interim results on 10 September 2026. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 09 July 2026 9 July 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS DEFINED UNDER ASSIMILATED REGULATION (EU) NO. 596/2014 WHICH IS PART OF THE LAWS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the "Company" ) Trading Update and Notice of H1 2026 Interim Results Excellent H1 2026 driven by the Americas Trading Update Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) is pleased to report excellent trading for the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026. Playtech's trading has delivered results significantly ahead of market expectations, driven by excellent performance in the US and continued strength in Mexico, Colombia and certain European markets. The performance in the Americas, as consistently flagged since the start of the year, continued to accelerate through May and June. As such, the Company expects H1 2026 Adjusted EBITDA 1 to be over €155 million. Looking to H2 2026, management expects Adjusted EBITDA to be lower than H1 for several reasons. Following an extended period of investment developing an innovative product based on Past Motor Racing (PMR) results, Playtech benefitted materially from being first to market with Hard Rock Digital with PMR. Hard Rock Digital has become one of Playtech's largest customers and is expected to remain so going forward, albeit Playtech's revenue with the operator is likely to continue at a lower but more sustainable level in H2 2026 and into 2027. Elsewhere, the Company has been investing into a significant partnership in Brazil, ahead of expected signing and launch, which is likely to begin contributing to growth in 2027. In addition, in H2 2026 Playtech will also absorb the full impact of increased Remote Gaming Duty in the UK, which became effective in April 2026. As a result, the Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA 1 for the year ended 31 December 2026 to be at least €270 million, significantly above the current analyst consensus 2 . H1 2026 Interim Results The Company will report its results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on 10 September 2026. There will be an in-person results presentation at 09:00am (BST) hosted by Mor Weizer, Chief Executive Officer and Chris McGinnis, Chief Financial Officer, at Chartered Accountants' Hall, One Moorgate Place, EC2R 6EA. The presentation will also be accessible via live webcast, with details to be provided in due course. Investors and analysts wishing to attend the presentation in person should register their interest by emailing playtech@headlandconsultancy.com . Mor Weizer, CEO, said: "We achieved an excellent performance in the first half of 2026, reflecting continued momentum in regulated markets, notably the Americas and certain European markets. Performance in the US, driven by our partnership with Hard Rock Digital, has been exceptionally strong, and we are delighted to see returns on our investments over recent years accelerate and contribute significantly to profitability and cash flow. Playtech continues to further establish itself in regulated and regulating markets going into the second half of the year, and we are pleased with the progress towards our medium-term targets. We look forward to publishing our interim results in a few weeks." Notes: 1 Adjusted EBITDA includes the operating loss of HAPPYBET, our share of income from associates (notably from our 30.8% shareholding in Caliente Interactive), and dividends received from equity investments (primarily from Hard Rock Digital). 2 Current analyst estimates for Playtech's Adjusted EBITDA in the year ended 31 December 2026 prior to this announcement ranged from €205 million - €225 million, with a mean consensus of €219 million across 7 analysts with estimates updated since our FY25 results. The 2 analysts with outdated estimates have been excluded. This announcement has been issued by, and is the sole responsibility of, Playtech. The person responsible for making this announcement is Rohan Chitale (Director of Investor Relations). - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and