BETA Close X Playtech plc has announced the commencement of a share buyback programme to purchase up to 5,661,665 ordinary shares, which represents the remaining balance under its existing buyback authority approved at the 2025 AGM. These repurchased shares will be transferred to the Company's Employee Benefit Trust for nil consideration to fund future employee share scheme awards, meaning the total number of shares in issue and voting rights are expected to remain unchanged. The programme will be conducted through Jefferies International Limited and will operate on the London Stock Exchange and other trading venues until the Company's next Annual General Meeting, expected in late May 2026. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 27 March 2026 27 March 2026 Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the " Company ") Commencement of Share Buyback Programme Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) today announces that it will commence a programme to purchase the Company's ordinary shares (the 'Ordinary Shares') of up to, in aggregate, 5,661,665 Ordinary Shares (the 'Programme'). The Programme will be completed in the period up to the next Annual General Meeting of the Company which is expected to be held towards the end of May 2026 (the " 2026 AGM "). All of the Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the Programme are being transferred to the Company's Employee Benefit Trust for nil consideration, with a view to the shares being used to fund future awards (as and when they vest and are exercised) under the Company's employee share schemes. Therefore, the total number of shares in issue and the total number of voting rights in the Company, following purchases within the Programme, are expected to remain the same. Any purchases will be conducted in compliance with the relevant conditions for trading, restrictions regarding time and volume, disclosure and reporting obligations, and price conditions. The Company confirms that it currently has no unpublished inside information. The Programme will be conducted in accordance with and under the terms of the general authority to purchase (the " Existing Buyback Authority ") up to 30,929,424 shares approved by the Company's shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 21 May 2025 (the " 2025 AGM ") which authority will expire at the end of the 2026 AGM. As a result of the purchase of 25,267,759 Ordinary Shares already made by the Company since the 2025 AGM, 5,661,665 Ordinary Shares represents the maximum balance available for purchase by the Company under the Existing Buyback Authority. The Company has entered into an irrevocable commitment with its joint broker, Jefferies International Limited ('Jefferies') to operate the Programme through a non-discretionary programme, by making market purchases of Ordinary Shares as agent on the Company's behalf, and within certain defined parameters. Jefferies will make trading decisions in relation to the buyback of Ordinary Shares independently of the Company within the Programme terms. Jefferies will operate the Programme from today. The Programme will be carried out on the London Stock Exchange and other trading venues and executed within the parameters of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014/EU and the Commission Delegated Regulation 2016/1052/EU (as each forms part of domestic law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, including where relevant pursuant to the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019) and Chapter 9 of the UK Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310. With the publication of this announcement, this information is now considered to be in the public domain. Details of all purchases made under the Programme will be announced by no later than 7:30am on the next business day following the calendar day on which the purchases occurred. For further information contact: Playtech plc Mor Weizer, Chief Executive Officer Chris McGinnis, Chief Financial Officer c/o Headland Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) Lucy Legh, Jack Gault +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and