BETA Close X Playtech plc has welcomed the public release of the Spectrum Report, which was commissioned by Evolution AB in relation to litigation with Black Cube. The Spectrum Report, now publicly available, corroborates fundamental aspects of Black Cube's investigation, including concerns about Evolution's games in prohibited markets, regulatory implications, and a lack of proactive customer monitoring. Spectrum was unable to confirm or refute certain findings due to Evolution's failure to provide requested information, such as revenue reports for specific jurisdictions, leaving significant questions unanswered regarding prohibited market access. The report also indicates that Evolution does not proactively ensure customer compliance with contract terms, suggesting the company's concern over the report's release stemmed from its findings on compliance issues rather than proprietary financial information. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 09 September 2026 9 September 2026 Playtech plc ("Playtech" or the "Company") Release of Spectrum Report validates Black Cube investigation Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) notes that a filing submitted yesterday by Black Cube in connection with its ongoing litigation with Evolution AB ("Evolution") contains, in full, the highly anticipated Spectrum Report. Evolution retained the Spectrum Gaming Group ("Spectrum") and commissioned the Spectrum Report to address and respond to Black Cube's investigation. However, the Spectrum Report in fact corroborates fundamental aspects of Black Cube's investigation, including concerns around the availability of Evolution's games in certain prohibited markets, the regulatory implications of its practices, and the lack of proactive monitoring of its customers. For months, Evolution has publicly characterised the Spectrum Report as exonerating it. Yet, at the same time, Evolution consistently refused to make the report available to the public, purportedly on the basis that disclosure could reveal sensitive proprietary financial information. Now that the Spectrum Report is publicly available, it is clear both why the Spectrum Report has become so important in the US litigation - and why Evolution fought so hard to keep it confidential. Although Evolution commissioned the Spectrum Report, Spectrum "specifically corroborate" several of Black Cube's key findings and was unable "to confirm or refute" others, as Evolution failed to provide Spectrum with significant information it had requested. This included, for example, data that would allow Spectrum to determine whether gaming sessions occurred in Iran, Syria and Sudan, as well as the revenue reports for those jurisdictions. The failure to provide that information prevented Spectrum from completing critical parts of its investigation, meaning Evolution still has serious questions to answer around the availability of its games in prohibited markets. Spectrum reported that Evolution "does not take any proactive steps" to ensure that the customer-facing gambling operators using its products "are complying with the terms of the contracts". It is evident that Evolution's concern around the release of the Spectrum Report was not related to sensitive proprietary financial information as Evolution argued, but instead, the corroboration of its "significant" compliance issues, which according to the Spectrum Report, are "problematic" and "place Evolution in a precarious situation with law enforcement officials". Playtech is pleased that the Spectrum Report is now public, and welcomes the opportunity for the court, regulatory authorities and other stakeholders to review the document in its entirety. Playtech stands by its decision to commission the original Black Cube investigation. The Company remains very confident that the court proceedings will confirm the credibility and legitimacy thereof and the significant concerns it raised. - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company has over 7,400 staff across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 1 hour ago Kromek Group 1 hour ago JPMorgan American Inv Trust 1 hour ago Derwent London 1 hour ago Jupiter Fund Management All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and