BETA Close X Playtech plc has upgraded its FY25 Adjusted EBITDA forecast to at least €195 million, significantly exceeding the current analyst consensus of €177 million, driven by stronger-than-expected performance in the Americas, particularly in the US and Mexico during the fourth quarter. Despite anticipating sector headwinds like increased UK gambling taxes in 2026, the company enters the new year with positive momentum from its investments, maintaining confidence in its outlook and medium-term targets of €250-300 million Adjusted EBITDA and €70-100 million Free Cash Flow. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 05 February 2026 5 February 2026 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS DEFINED UNDER ASSIMILATED REGULATION (EU) NO. 596/2014 WHICH IS PART OF THE LAWS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (AS AMENDED) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the "Company" ) FY25 Trading Update Upgrade to FY25 EBITDA driven by stronger-than-expected performance in the Americas Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) is pleased to report strong trading in H2 2025 driven by performance in the US and Mexico in the fourth quarter. As a result, the Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA 1 for the year ended 31 December 2025 (subject to audit) to be at least €195 million, significantly above the current analyst consensus 2 . For 2026, the Company remains mindful of ongoing sector headwinds including the scheduled increase to gambling taxes in certain markets including the UK. However, the Q4 revenue trends seen in the Americas mean that Playtech enters 2026 with good momentum, as returns on the Company's investments in recent years accelerate. Given the strong performance and prospects in regulated markets, notably the Americas, Playtech remains confident in its outlook for 2026 and its medium-term targets of €250-300 million of Adjusted EBITDA and €70-100 million of Free Cash Flow. Mor Weizer, CEO, said: "I'm delighted with the strong performance we saw at the end of 2025. We have been steadily investing across our business in the Americas for a number of years, and I'm particularly pleased with our recent progress in the US, as the benefits of our hard work start to accelerate and flow through to profitability. We continue to invest selectively into the US and elsewhere in the Americas, where we see additional growth opportunities. While we remain mindful of wider sector headwinds, I am excited by the momentum we are building and the significant growth opportunity ahead." Notes: 1 Adjusted EBITDA includes the operating loss of HAPPYBET and our share of income from associates, notably from our 30.8% shareholding in Caliente Interactive. It excludes the contribution from Snaitech for the period it was owned by Playtech in FY25. 2 Current analyst estimates for Playtech's Adjusted EBITDA in the year ended 31 December 2025 prior to this announcement ranged from €150 million - €187 million, with a mean consensus of €177 million across 8 analysts. This announcement has been issued by, and is the sole responsibility of, Playtech. The person responsible for making this announcement is Rohan Chitale (Director of Investor Relations). - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and with a listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a technology leader in the gambling industry with over 7,400 employees across 20 countries. Playtech is the gambling industry's leading technology company delivering business intelligence driven gambling software, services, content and platform technology across the industry's most popular product verticals, including, casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. It is the pioneer of omni-channel gambling technology through its integrated platform technology, Playtech ONE. Playtech ONE delivers data driven marketing expertise, single wallet functionality, CRM and responsible gambling solutions across one single platform across product verticals and across retail and online. Playtech partners with and invests in the leading brands in regulated and newly regulated markets to deliver its data-driven gambling technology across the online and retail value chain. Playtech provides its technology on a B2B basis to the industry's leading online and retail operators, land-based casino groups and government sponsored entities such as lotteries. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and