BETA Close X Playtech plc has reported a very strong start to 2026, with continued momentum in regulated markets, particularly the Americas and certain European regions, driving excellent trading performance from January 1 to April 30, 2026. The company noted encouraging performance in the US and a strong partnership with Caliente Interactive in Mexico, with the upcoming World Cup presenting a significant opportunity. Returns on recent investments are accelerating, contributing meaningfully to profitability, and despite sector headwinds, Playtech is well-positioned due to its expansion in regulated markets, diversified footprint, scalable technology, and partner relationships. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 20 May 2026 20 May 2026 Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the "Company" ) AGM Trading Update Very strong start to 2026 with continued momentum in regulated markets Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) is pleased to report strong trading for the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 April 2026. The stronger-than-expected performance in the Americas, as flagged in the Company's FY25 trading update (in February 2026) and the full year results (in March 2026), has continued. Playtech has achieved an excellent trading performance for the first four months of 2026 driven by continued strength in the US, Mexico and certain European markets as well as a solid performance in Live, as returns on the Company's investments in recent years accelerate. Mor Weizer, CEO, said: "We have made an excellent start to 2026, with strong trading in the first four months of the year reflecting continued momentum in regulated markets, notably the Americas and certain European markets. Performance in the US, in particular, has been encouraging, as returns on our investments over recent years continue to accelerate and contribute meaningfully to profitability. Meanwhile, our partnership with Caliente Interactive in Mexico continues to perform strongly, with the upcoming World Cup representing a significant opportunity to further strengthen Caliente's leadership position in the market. Despite the ongoing sector headwinds, the combination of Playtech's strong expansion in regulated markets, diversified footprint, highly scalable technology and deep partner relationships, leaves the Group well positioned to capture the significant market opportunity ahead." - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and