BETA Close X Playtech plc has announced that its Non-executive Chairman, John Gleasure, purchased 57,000 ordinary shares on 13 May 2026 at a price of £3.397673 per share, representing a total investment of £193,667.36. This transaction, conducted on the London Stock Exchange, is a notification of dealings by a person discharging managerial responsibilities in accordance with market abuse regulations. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 15 May 2026 Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the " Company ") Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulations. 15 May 2026 Playtech plc has been notified of the following dealings in its ordinary shares, details as follows: On 13 May 2026, John Gleasure, Non-executive Chairman, purchased 57,000 ordinary shares in the Company at a price of £3.397673 per share. The notification for John Gleasure can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name John Gleasure 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Non-executive Chairman b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Playtech plc b) LEI 21380068TTB6Z9ZEU548 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of Playtech plc of no par value IM00B7S9G985 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.397673 57,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 57,000 £193,667.36 e) Date of the transaction 13 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, main market (XLON) - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and