BETA Close X Playtech plc announced that Chief Financial Officer Chris McGinnis exercised options over 90,988 ordinary shares on May 29, 2026, under the Long Term Incentive Plan 2022. These were nil-cost options, and Mr. McGinnis intends to use personal funds to cover any associated tax liabilities, meaning he will retain all acquired shares. This transaction was conducted outside of a trading venue. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 29 May 2026 Playtech plc (" Playtech " or the " Company ") Director / PDMR Notification 29 May 2026 Playtech plc has been notified of the following dealings in its ordinary shares, details as follows: On 29 May 2026, in accordance with the provisions of the Playtech Long Term Incentive Plan 2022, Chris McGinnis, Chief Financial Officer, exercised options over 90,988 ordinary shares in the Company in relation to the award granted to him on 5 May 2023. Mr. McGinnis intends to settle any tax liabilities arising from the exercise of these options using personal funds and will therefore retain all of the shares acquired, rather than selling any to fund such tax liabilities. The notification for Chris McGinnis can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Chris McGinnis 2 Reason for Notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Playtech plc b) LEI 21380068TTB6Z9ZEU548 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of Playtech plc of no par value I M00B7S9G985 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of nil cost options under the provisions of the Playtech Long Term Incentive Plan 2022 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 90,988 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 90,988 Nil e) Date of the transaction 29 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 23 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and