BETA Close X Playtech plc has responded to a statement by Evolution AB, asserting that Evolution's claims are baseless and without merit, and that Playtech stands by its commissioned report and its findings. Playtech welcomes court and regulatory examination of the report and is confident that proceedings will confirm its credibility, while also highlighting Evolution's alleged conduct of supplying operators in illegal and sanctioned markets. Playtech intends to defend itself vigorously against Evolution's claims and will continue to act in the best interests of industry stakeholders and its shareholders. Disclaimer* Playtech PLC 09 April 2026 9 April 2026 Playtech plc ("Playtech" or the "Company") Response to statement by Evolution AB Playtech plc (LSE: PTEC) ("Playtech" or the "Company") notes the statement made today by Evolution AB ("Evolution"), announcing that it has requested permission from the Superior Court of New Jersey to add Playtech to its ongoing legal case. Playtech has been awaiting this development since Evolution's public statement on 21 October 2025 and considers Evolution's claims to be baseless and without merit. As previously announced, Playtech stands by both the decision to commission the report at the centre of Evolution's claims, and the validity of its findings. Evolution continues to seek to avoid legitimate scrutiny rather than addressing longstanding questions about its own conduct, including its decision to supply operators in both illegal and sanctioned markets and to support unlicensed operators in regulated markets. Playtech welcomes court and regulatory examination of the report and its findings and, importantly, the opportunity to be involved in the discovery process including to question Evolution's employees, executives and officers in court. The Company is very confident based on evidence it has, including recent additional evidence, that these proceedings will confirm the credibility and legitimacy of the report and the importance of the issues it seeks to address. Playtech will defend itself vigorously against Evolution's claims and will continue to act in the best interests of industry operators, suppliers and regulators as well as its shareholders. - ENDS - For further information please contact: Playtech plc +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Rohan Chitale, Director of Investor Relations Headland (PR adviser to Playtech) +44 (0) 20 3805 4822 Lucy Legh, Jack Gault About Playtech Founded in 1999 and listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, Playtech is a leading global B2B technology provider to the online betting and gaming industry. The Company employs over 7,400 people across 20 countries and operates in more than 50 regulated and regulating jurisdictions worldwide. Playtech provides operators with a full proprietary, end-to-end, turnkey solution including its platform (PAM+), content and services, enabling customers to deliver an innovative, seamless and responsible player experience, supported by industry-leading player protection technology. Playtech's product suite covers the industry's most popular verticals including casino, live casino, sports betting, bingo and poker. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Playtech (PTEC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and