Update on Fundraising, Issue of Equity & TVR Katoro Gold PLC 05 March 2025 5 March 2025 Katoro Gold PLC ('Katoro' or the ' Company ') Update on Fundraising Issue of Equity & TVR Katoro Gold PLC (AIM: KAT), the strategic energy and precious minerals exploration and development company, announces an update regarding its fundraising as previously announced on the 10 February 2025. The Company has received signed placing letters and subscription monies from all investors with the exception of one subscriber for £20,000 and accordingly will now proceed to issue and allot 595,000,000 Ordinary Shares in respect of a placing for £297,500 at 0.05p per share ("Placing Shares") along with the 38,000,000 Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the settlement of future fees ("Fee Shares"). An application has been made for the admission of the Placing Shares and Fee Shares to trading on AIM which is expected to occur on or around 6 March 2025 ("Admission"). The Company will make a further announcement regarding the issue and admission of the additional shares on receipt of the outstanding subscription amount which is expected to be received next week. Following Admission, there will be a total of 2,229,420,573 ordinary shares in issue with each ordinary share carrying the right to one vote. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@katorogold.com Katoro Gold PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Nick Emerson Sam Lomanto +44 (0) 1483 413 500 SI Capital Ltd Corporate Broker Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Joint Corporate Broker Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and