Board Appointment Focus Xplore PLC 23 April 2025 23 April 2025 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the ' Company ') Board Appointment Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, is pleased to announce the appointment, as contemplated as part of the acquisition of 31 Explore Ltd as announced on 10 February 2025, of Mr James ("Jamie") Tosh as Non-Executive Director with immediate effect. Jamie Tosh is an accomplished Programme Manager, Senior Project Manager, and Operations Executive with 20 years of experience in senior leadership roles. He currently serves as Chief Operating Officer of AIM-listed Power Metal Resources PLC, where he provides strategic leadership and operational expertise. Jamie has held senior management-level positions across the UK, Australia, Africa, and Canada, playing a pivotal role in the growth and development of global junior exploration companies. His expertise lies in the establishment, restructuring, and operational management of businesses in the UK and internationally. Jamie holds a Diploma in Corporate Governance from the Institute of Corporate Governance, further strengthening his ability to support Focus Xplore PLC in achieving its strategic objectives. Patrick Cullen, Chief Executive Officer of Focus Xplore, commented: "We are pleased to welcome Mr Tosh to the Board of Focus Xplore. Jamie's hands on experience and his broad depth of knowledge and experience in the sector will be very valuable. I have had a very positive experience while working closely with Jamie during the acquisition of the Company's Ontario exploration portfolio and look forward to his input going forward. " James Tosh, aged 48, has held the following directorships and/or partnerships in the past 5 years: Current Directorships: Power Arabia Ltd ION Battery Resources Ltd African Battery Metals Ltd 31 Explore Ltd JT Management Group Ltd 102162331 Saskatchewan Ltd, Canada 1386067 B.C. Ltd, Canada Kalahari Key Mineral Exploration Pty Ltd, Botswana Global Silver Corporation Ltd Nova Aurum Exploration Ltd Past Directorships: None James Tosh holds a beneficial interest in 53,571,429 warrants with an exercise price of 0.10 pence and 53,571,429 warrants with an exercise price of 0.15 pence to subscribe for Ordinary Shares in the Company. There is no further information on James Tosh required to be disclosed under Schedule Two, paragraph (g) (i)-(viii) of the AIM Rules for Companies. This announcement contains inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) no. 596/2014. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore plc X: @focusXplore Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and