Exploration Program Update Focus Xplore PLC 12 May 2025 12 May 2025 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the ' Company ') Exploration Program Update Exploration set to commence at Iva, Ellie and Bay Road and additional exploration consultants appointed for upcoming programs at Pearl and the Burrows Projects Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, is pleased to provide an update regarding upcoming exploration programs scheduled to commence shortly in Ontario, Canada. Fladgate Exploration Consulting Corporation ("Fladgate"), appointed in April 1 , have informed the Company that weather conditions are warming up and that they expect to begin the initial phase of exploration activities at the Company's Iva and Ellie lithium projects and at its Bay Road rare earth element project later this week. Additionally, the Company has appointed a second geological consulting firm, Bayside Geoscience Inc. ("Bayside Geoscience") to commence the initial phase of exploration activities, including mapping and sampling, at the Company's Pearl and Burrows lithium projects project. Members of the team at Bayside Geoscience have direct fieldwork experience in the vicinity of the Pearl lithium Project. Patrick Cullen, Chief Executive Officer of Focus Xplore, commented: " Focus Xplore has an ambitious first phase campaign scheduled in Ontario this Spring and in order to deliver on our exploration goals we have decided to appointed a second highly experienced group of professionals at Bayside Geoscience, who I met with at the PDAC conference in Toronto in March. As expected, the first exploration activities will commence at Iva, Ellie and Bay Road with the team we appointed at Fladgate making final preparations. There has been a significant amount work done from the desktop to date and we are excited to finally get on the ground. I look forward to providing further updates soon." ABOUT BAYSIDE GEOSCIENCE Bayside Geoscience Inc. is an independently owned geological consulting firm based in Thunder Bay Ontario. Founded in 2017, Bayside provides geological and geotechnical expertise to companies operating throughout the mining cycle, from early-stage explorers through to major mining companies. Bayside Geoscience has extensive expertise in various deposit types, including lithium pegmatites and in 2024 their field crews made a significant grassroots lithium discovery for client Libra Lithium, which was recognised by the Northwestern Ontario Prospector's Association in April 2025, who awarded the Libra Lithium with the Bernie Schneiders Discovery of the Year award for 2024. REFERENCES 1. Focus Xplore PLC, 22 April 2025, RNS Reach: Exploration Program Update, <https://polaris.brighterir.com/public/focusxplore/news/rns/story/xol479x>. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore plc X: @focusXplore About Reach announcements: This is a Reach announcement. Reach is an investor communication service aimed at assisting listed and unlisted (including AIM quoted) companies to distribute media only / non-regulatory news releases into the public domain. Information required to be notified under the AIM Rules for Companies, Market Abuse Regulation or other regulation would be disseminated as an RNS regulatory announcement and not on Reach. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and