BETA Close X Focus Xplore PLC announced the immediate resignation of Non-Executive Directors Mr. Louis Scheepers and Mr. Lukas Marthinus Maree. The company expressed gratitude for their contributions. Mr. James Tosh will assume the roles previously held by Mr. Maree as Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and Mr. Scheepers as a member of the Remuneration Committee. Disclaimer* Focus Xplore PLC 02 February 2026 02 February 2026 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the ' Company ') Non-Executive Director Resignations Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, announces that Mr. Louis Scheepers and Mr. Lukas Marthinus Maree have resigned as Non-Executive Directors of the Company with immediate effect. The Company thanks both gentlemen for their support and contribution to the Company during their tenure over the last several years and wishes them the very best in their future endeavours. Mr. Maree is Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and Mr. Scheepers is a member of the Remuneration Committee. Mr. James Tosh, Non-executive Director, will be appointed to these roles. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore PLC X: @focusXplore Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and