BETA Close X Focus Xplore PLC has allotted 40,000,000 new ordinary shares, valued at £0.001 each, following a £10,000 conversion of convertible loan notes at a price of 0.025 pence per share, with the noteholder also receiving 40,000,000 warrants exercisable at the same price for four years. These new shares are expected to be admitted to trading on AIM around 29 June 2026, after which the company's total issued share capital will be 3,519,420,573 ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Focus Xplore PLC 16 June 2026 Focus Xplore PLC AIM: FOX 16 June 2026 Conversion of Convertible Loan Notes, Issue of Ordinary Shares & TVR Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, announces that it has today allotted 40,000,000 new ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the Company (the "Conversion Shares") following receipt of a conversion notice from a noteholder under the terms of the Company's convertible loan note programme announced on 9 March 2026. The Conversion Shares are being issued in respect of £10,000 at a conversion price of 0.025 pence per Conversion Share, in accordance with the terms of the convertible loan note agreement dated 5 March 2026. In addition, pursuant to the terms of that agreement, the noteholder is entitled to receive 40,000,000 warrants, each exercisable at 0.025pence per share for a period of four years from the date of issuance of the Conversion Shares. Application will be made for the Conversion Shares to be admitted to trading on AIM ("Admission"). It is expected that Admission will become effective and that dealings in the Conversion Shares will commence at 8.00 a.m. on, or around, 29 June 2026. The Conversion Shares will, on Admission, rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of the Company. Following Admission, the total issued share capital of the Company will consist of 3,519,420,573 ordinary shares and this figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. ENDS Enquiries: Antony Legge info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC - Non-Executive Chairman James Biddle / Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited - Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited - Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore PLC X: @focusXplore Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU No. 596/2014) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The Company's issued share capital prior to Admission consists of 3,479,420,573 ordinary shares (there are no treasury shares). There are no restrictions on the transfer of the Company's ordinary shares. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and