MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 38 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 54 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 55 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 107 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 107 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 107 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 107 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 108 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 108 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 108 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 108 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 108 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 109 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 111 SIGNATURES 112 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Background The Company is a news, sports and entertainment company, which manages and reports its businesses in four operating segments: Cable Network Programming, Television, Credible and the FOX Studio Lot with the following two reportable segments: • Cable Network Programming , which produces and licenses news and sports content distributed through traditional cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite operators and telecommunication companies (“traditional MVPDs”), virtual video programming distributors (“virtual MVPDs”) and other digital platforms, primarily in the U.S. • Television , which produces, acquires, markets and distributes programming through the FOX broadcast network, advertising-supported (“AVOD”) service Tubi, 29 full power broadcast television stations, including 11 duopolies, and other digital platforms, primarily in the U.S. Eighteen of the broadcast television stations are affiliated with the FOX Network and 11 are affiliated with MyNetworkTV. The segment also includes various production companies that produce content for the Company and third parties. Credible is a U.S. consumer finance marketplace. The FOX Studio Lot, located in Los Angeles, California, provides television and film production services along with office space, studio operation services and includes all operations of the facility. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”) for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026 (“fiscal 2026”) to “FOX,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean Fox Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. We use the term “MVPDs” to refer collectively to traditional MVPDs and virtual MVPDs. FOX became a standalone publicly traded company on March 19, 2019, when Century Fox, Inc. (“21CF”) spun off the Company to 21CF stockholders and FOX’s Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Class A Common Stock”), and Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Class B Common Stock” and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the “Common Stock”) began trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (the “Disney Transaction”). The Walt Disney Company (“Disney”) acquired the remaining 21CF assets and 21CF became a subsidiary of Disney. The Company is party to a separation and distribution agreement and a tax matters agreement that govern certain aspects of the Company’s relationship with 21CF and Disney following the Disney Transaction. Roku Transaction On June 14, 2026, the Company and Roku, Inc. (“Roku”) entered into a definitive agreement (the “Merger Agreement”) under which the Company has agreed to acquire Roku for a combination of cash and FOX Class A Common Stock (the “Roku Transaction” or “Merger”). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, FOX will pay $96.00 in cash and 0.9693 shares of FOX Class A Common Stock for each share of Roku Class A Common Stock and Roku Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. The exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted. Following the completion of the Merger, Roku will be a subsidiary of FOX. Each of the Boards of Directors of FOX and Roku have unanimously approved the transaction, which is also subject to requisite approval by FOX and Roku stockholders, clearance under the Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, the receipt of consents or approvals under certain other antitrust laws and certain investment screening laws and other customary conditions. The Merger Agreement contains customary termination rights and provides that each party will be required to pay the other party a termination fee of approximately $866 million if the Merger Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, including due to a change in the recommendation of its board of directors. In addition, FOX will be required to pay Roku a termination fee of approximately $1.2 billion if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances related to the failure to obtain certain regulatory approvals or upon the entry of a permanent 1 restraint under certain antitrust laws or investment screening laws. FOX has also agreed to reimburse Roku for up to $70 million for reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Roku in connection with the transaction if FOX is unable to obtain the required approval of its Class B Common stockholders of the issuance of FOX Class A Common Stock in connection with the transaction. In connection with execution of the Merger Agreement, Roku founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Anthony Wood and certain associated trusts and related entities that together hold at least a majority of the voting power of the Roku common stock entered into a voting and support agreement with FOX agreeing to vote in favor of the Transaction. LGC Holdco, LLC (“LGC Holdco”) and its sole manager Cruden 2, LLC also entered into a voting and support agreement with Roku, pursuant to which they agreed to vote all shares of FOX Class B Common Stock owned by them (representing, as of June 30, 2026, approximately 38.8% of the voting power of the FOX Class B Common Stock entitled to vote) in favor of the issuance of shares FOX Class A Common Stock in the transaction. The Company’s fiscal year ends on June 30 of each year. The Company was incorporated in 2018 under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company’s principal executive offices are located at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036 and its telephone number is (212) 852-7000. The Company’s website is www.foxcorporation.com . The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available, free of charge, through the Company’s website as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We are providing our website address solely for the information of investors. We do not intend the address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website, including any reports that are noted in this Annual Report as being posted on the website, into this Annual Report. Caution Concerning Statements This Annual Report contains “ statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, including statements regarding the Roku Transaction. All statements other than statements of historical or current fact are “ statements” for purposes of federal and state securities laws. statements may include, among others, the words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “likely,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “estimates,” “outlook” or any other similar words. Although the Company’s management believes that the expectations reflected in any of the Company’s statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any statements. The Company’s future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from those estimates or projections contained in the Company’s statements include, but are not limited to, the impact of the Roku Transaction and related risks, government regulation, economic, strategic, political and social conditions. For more detailed information about these factors, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Caution Concerning Statements.” statements in this Annual Report speak only as of the date hereof. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any statement made herein or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in our expectations, except as required by law. Business Overview FOX produces and delivers compelling news, sports and entertainment content through its iconic brands, including FOX News Media, FOX Sports, Tubi Media Group, FOX Entertainment and FOX Television Stations. The Company differentiates itself in a crowded media and entertainment marketplace through the leadership positions of its brands and premium programming that focus on live and “appointment-based” content, a significant presence in major markets and broad distribution of its content across traditional and digital 2 platforms, including FOX One, the Company’s , subscription streaming service. Our Competitive Strengths Premium brands that resonate deeply with viewers. Under the FOX banner, we produce and distribute content through some of the world’s leading and most valued brands. Our long track record of challenging the status quo emboldens us to continue making innovative decisions, disrupting norms and forming deeper relationships with audiences. FOX News Media is among the most influential and recognized news brands in the world. FOX Sports has earned a reputation for bold sports programming and, with its availability in virtually every U.S. market, is a leading destination for live sports events and sports commentary. Tubi, our leading AVOD service, attracts a young, multicultural and highly engaged audience to its content library of over 350,000 movies and television episodes. FOX Entertainment is renowned for its compelling primetime entertainment, including scripted dramas, leading unscripted programming and its longstanding Sunday animation block. These brands and others in our portfolio, such as our 29 owned and operated local television stations, including 18 broadcasting under the FOX brand, hold cultural significance with consumers and commercial importance for distributors and advertisers. The quality of our programming and the strength of our brands maximize the value of our content through a combination of affiliate fees and advertising sales. Leadership positions across strategically significant programming platforms. FOX enjoys leadership positions across its core news, sports and entertainment businesses. As linear television viewership declines across the industry, “appointment-based” programming that is the FOX hallmark remains resilient. For over 24 consecutive years, FOX News has been the national cable news channel in Monday to Friday primetime viewing, according to The Nielsen Company (“Nielsen”). FOX News also finished the fiscal year as the #1 cable network in Monday to Friday primetime and total day viewing among total viewers for the eleventh consecutive year and delivered ratings that were comparable to ratings delivered by the four broadcast networks in weekday primetime viewing. A leader in marquee live sports broadcasts, FOX Sports programs the National Football League (“NFL”) featuring America's Game of the Week , college football (including the Big Ten Conference), Major League Baseball's (“MLB”) Regular Season, Game and , including exclusive rights to the World Series , INDYCAR, National Association of Stock Car Auto Racing (“NASCAR”) and other marquee cyclical events, including the Super Bowl and the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (“FIFA”) Men's World Cup . FOX Sports has secured a significant portion of its marquee rights under contracts. Tubi has become one of the most relevant and fastest growing AVOD services in the country, with 20% growth in total view time (the total number of hours watched) in fiscal 2026 compared to the prior fiscal year. According to Nielsen’s The Gaug e, Tubi finished the fiscal year among the free streaming services in the U.S., averaging approximately 2.2% of all television viewing over the course of the year. FOX Entertainment has delivered the youngest and most diverse audience of the broadcast networks across all programming in primetime for over two decades. During the 2025-2026 broadcast season, FOX Entertainment delivered the season’s top two debuts among adults 18-49 with Fear Factor: House of Fear and Memory of a Killer , along with three of the top four most watched cooking shows on television with Next Level Chef , Hell’s Kitchen and MasterChef . FOX Television Stations covers 18 market areas (“DMAs”), including 15 of the 16 largest, and was the #1 or #2 rated news provider in the hours of 5 a.m. - 9 a.m. in the majority of the markets in which it operates among adults 25-54. We believe the strength and leadership of our brands will continue to support our ability to secure industry leading affiliate rate and advertising price increases, while enabling us to nimbly respond to the opportunities and challenges traditional media companies are facing as technologies and changes in consumer behavior continue to rapidly evolve. Significant presence and relevance in major domestic markets. The FOX portfolio combines the range of national cable and broadcast networks and digital distribution platforms with the power of tailored local television. FOX News is available in approximately 55 million U.S. households via MVPDs and in additional households through FOX One. FOX Sports and FOX Entertainment 3 programming on the FOX Network is available in virtually every U.S. market. Tubi’s ubiquitous availability provides broad distribution of films, episodic television programming, live local and national news content and sports programming. Tubi carries over 100 local station feeds (including feeds of our owned and operated stations), covering 77 DMAs and 23 of the top 25 markets. Additionally, our 29 owned and operated television stations cover 18 DMAs, including 15 of the 16 largest, and maintain duopolies in 11 DMAs, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, the three largest. These stations provide balanced content of national interest with programming of note to local communities, producing over 1,500 hours of local news coverage each week. The breadth and depth of our footprint allows us to produce and distribute our content in a manner and share best business practices and models across regions. It also enables us to engage audiences, develop deeper consumer relationships and create more compelling product offerings. Attractive financial profile, including multiple revenue streams, strong balance sheet and other assets. We have consistently achieved strong operational and financial results in a complex industry environment. Additionally, our solid balance sheet provides us with the financial flexibility to continue to invest across our businesses, allocate resources toward investments in growth initiatives, take advantage of strategic opportunities, including potential acquisitions across the range of media categories in which we operate and related adjacencies, and return capital to our stockholders. We have maintained significant liquidity, ending fiscal 2026 with approximately $4.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet while returning approximately $2.3 billion of capital to our stockholders through our cash dividend and stock repurchase program, including a $1.5 billion accelerated share repurchase program in fiscal 2026. We also benefit from a tax asset that resulted from the in the tax basis of our assets following the Disney Transaction, which is expected to provide an annual cash tax benefit for many years. Our asset portfolio also includes the FOX Studio Lot in Los Angeles, California, which spans over 50 acres and close to 2 million square feet of space for administration and television and film production services available to FOX and industry clients, including 15 sound stages, and other production facilities. Additionally, we own an equity stake in Flutter Entertainment plc (“Flutter”), an online sports betting and gaming company with operations in the U.S. and internationally, and we maintain an option to acquire 18.6% of FanDuel Group ("FanDuel"), a subsidiary of Flutter. Goals and Strategies Maintain leading positions in live news, live sports and quality entertainment. We have long been a leader in news, sports and entertainment programming, and we believe that building on our leading market positions is essential to our success. The strength of our core businesses has allowed us to invest in attractive growth opportunities and brand extensions. Examples of this include digital brand extensions at FOX News Media, including the FOX Nation subscription (or SVOD) service and the FOX Weather free streaming television (“FAST”) service. At Tubi, our investment in content, technology and marketing has yielded new viewers and increased engagement from our audience, which has translated into robust revenue growth. In fiscal 2026, Tubi expanded its content library through the premiere of 50 new original titles and the launch of over 20,000 episodes as of the end of the fiscal year. We consistently review opportunities to optimize our sports portfolio with the dual goal of maintaining and growing our audience while achieving accretive financial returns. In fiscal 2026, we added rights to two additional NFL regular season game windows for the 2026 NFL season, and we renewed rights for the CONCACAF Gold Cup in 2027 and 2029. Recognizing the changes in viewership habits, FOX Entertainment has continued to expand its footprint across unscripted content, leveraging the breadth of offerings from FOX Entertainment Studios to populate its primetime lineup and reduce its reliance on content providers. FOX Entertainment Studios also produces or original content for third parties including many of the leading SVOD services (Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Apple TV), highlighting the attractiveness of FOX’s content to a wide variety of streaming services. FOX Television Stations produces live streaming news content on connected televisions and FAST services through both LiveNOW from FOX (its national 24/7 live streaming service) and FOX Local Streams (its group of FAST services that offer live and recorded content from 17 and operated local television stations). Total view time on FOX Local Streams grew over 17% compared to the prior fiscal year. We believe continuing to provide compelling news, sports and entertainment programming across platforms will increase audience engagement and drive growth across our distribution, affiliate and advertising relationships. 4 Increase revenue growth through the continued delivery of high quality, premium and valuable content. With a focused portfolio of assets, we create and produce high quality programming that delivers value for our viewers, our affiliates and our advertisers. We expect our internal production capabilities and arrangements will facilitate growth by enabling us to directly manage the economics and programming needs of our broadcast network and television stations. We also believe our unique ability to deliver “appointment-based” viewing and audiences at scale, along with innovative advertising platforms, delivers substantial value to our advertising customers, and the unique nature of our “appointment-based” content positions us to maintain and even grow audiences during a time of increasing consumer fragmentation. Expand our digital distribution offerings and direct engagement with consumers, increasing complementary sources of revenues. The availability of our key networks on all major virtual MVPD services reflects the strength of our brands and the highly coveted nature of our content. We are also cultivating and growing direct interactions between FOX brands and consumers outside traditional linear television. For example, FOX One, our , subscription streaming service designed to attract “ ” and “ ”, expands the reach of our programming beyond FOX’s existing distribution footprint. Tubi also provides us with a digital platform to access a wider digital audience and further the reach of our content. Tubi continues to experience significant growth in total view time across a library of over 350,000 movies and television episodes, including key FOX entertainment, news and sports programming, and it streamed over 13 billion hours of content over the course of the fiscal year (a record for the platform). Tubi’s young, multicultural and highly engaged viewers, the majority of which are classified as “ ” or “ ,” is an audience advertisers are eager to reach. FOX News Media operates a number of digital businesses, including FOX News Digital, which remains the most engaged brand in digital news (leading in total views, minutes spent, YouTube views and social interactions), along with the FOX Nation SVOD service, which offers U.S. consumers a variety of content (including original programming), and FOX Weather, which offers local, regional and national weather reporting in addition to live programming. Additionally, FOX Television Stations operates a portfolio of digital businesses, including the FLX (or FOX Local Extension) digital advertising platform and the LiveNOW from FOX, FOX Local Streams and FOX Soul FAST services, in addition to distributing its local news programming on Tubi, FOX One and across a range of platforms. In June 2026, the Company announced its proposed acquisition of Roku, a transaction that will combine FOX’s leading sports, news and entertainment content and Tubi service with Roku’s leading connected TV platform, its portfolio of advertising-supported and subscription-based streaming services led by The Roku Channel, data and direct relationship with more than 100 million global streaming households. Reportable Segments Cable Network Programming The Cable Network Programming segment produces and licenses news, business news and sports content for distribution through traditional and virtual MVPDs and other digital platforms, primarily in the U.S. The businesses in this segment include FOX News Media (which includes FOX News and FOX Business) and our primary cable sports programming networks FS1, FS2, the Big Ten Network and FOX Deportes. 5 The following table lists the Company’s significant cable networks and the number of subscribers as estimated by Nielsen: As of June 30, 2026 2025 (in millions) FOX News Media Networks FOX News 55 61 FOX Business 52 60 FOX Sports Networks FS1 55 61 FS2 39 44 The Big Ten Network 38 42 FOX Deportes 7 10 FOX News Media . FOX News Media includes the FOX News and FOX Business networks and their related properties. For over 24 consecutive years, FOX News has been the national cable news channel in Monday to Friday primetime viewing. FOX News also finished the fiscal year as the #1 cable network in Monday to Friday primetime and total day viewing among total viewers for the eleventh consecutive year. FOX Business is a business news national cable channel and was the #1 business network in business day among total viewers during fiscal 2026. FOX News also produces a weekend political commentary show, FOX News Sunday , and a 90-second daily news brief, FOX News Report , for broadcast on the FOX Television Stations and stations affiliated with the FOX Network throughout the U.S. Additionally, FOX News Audio produces news updates, podcasts and programs and licenses content to local radio stations and mobile, Internet and satellite radio providers. FS1. FS1 is a national network that features live events, including regular season and MLB games, NASCAR, college football, college basketball, the FIFA Men’s World Cup , Major League Soccer (“MLS”), the UFL, the Union of European Football Associations (“UEFA”) European Championship , UEFA Nations League, Concacaf and CONMEBOL soccer, INDYCAR and horse racing. In addition to live events, FS1 offers daily studio shows featuring key talent, including Colin Cowherd and Nick Wright, and programming from Barstool Sports. FS2. FS2 is a national network that features live events, including NASCAR, collegiate sports, horse racing, rugby, soccer, motor sports and golf. FOX Sports Racing . FOX Sports Racing is a 24-hour video programming service consisting of motor sports programming, including National Hot Rod Association, motorcycle racing and horse racing. FOX Sports Racing is distributed to subscribers in Canada and the Caribbean. FOX Soccer Plus. FOX Soccer Plus is a premium video programming network that showcases exclusive live soccer and rugby competitions, including events from FIFA, UEFA, Concacaf, Canadian Premier League, Saudi Pro League, Super Rugby League, Australian Football League and the National Rugby League. FOX Deportes. FOX Deportes is a sports programming service distributed in the U.S. FOX Deportes features coverage of a variety of major sports events, including premier soccer (such as matches from Liga MX, MLS and the Saudi Pro League), the NFL, including the Thanksgiving, Christmas, NFC playoffs and Championship games, and in rotation with other NFL media partners, the Super Bowl , MLB (including regular season games, alternating between the American and National League Championship Series each year, and the and World Series games), NASCAR Cup Series, college football, INDYCAR and UFL. In addition to live events, FOX Deportes also features news and highlight shows and daily studio programming. FOX Deportes is available to approximately 7.3 million cable and satellite households in the U.S., of which approximately 1.3 million are Hispanic. The Big Ten Network. The Big Ten Network is a 24-hour national video programming service dedicated to the collegiate Big Ten Conference and Big Ten athletics, academics and related programming. The Big Ten 6 Network televises live collegiate events, including football games, and men’s and women’s basketball games, and men’s and women’s Olympic events , as well as a variety of studio shows and original programming. The Big Ten Network also owns and operates B1G+, a subscription video streaming service that features live streams of sporting events, replays of televised and streamed events and a large collection of classic games and original programming. The Company owns approximately 61% of the Big Ten Network. Digital Distribution. The Company’s cable network programming is also distributed through the FOX One subscription streaming service, websites, apps, podcasts and social media accounts and is licensed for distribution through MVPDs’ websites and apps. The Company’s websites and apps include FOX.com, FOXNews.com, FOXBusiness.com, FOXWeather.com, FOXSports.com, FOXDeportes.com and the FOX One, FOX News, FOX Business, FOX Weather, FOX Sports and FOX Deportes mobile apps. FOX News Media also operates services FOX Nation, an SVOD service that offers U.S. consumers a variety of content including original programming, and FOX Weather, a FAST service that offers local, regional and national weather reporting in addition to live programming. The Big Ten Network distributes and programming through the B1G+ subscription video streaming service. The Company also distributes and content, podcasts, as well as static visual content across FOX, the Big Ten Network and Big Ten branded social media and video and audio platforms. Outkick Media . The Company owns Outkick Media, a digital media company focused on the intersection of sports, news and entertainment. FOX Latin America. FOX Latin America, which began operations in June 2025, offers sports programming to audiences in Mexico and Central America through linear television networks, the Tubi AVOD service and a subscription streaming service. Cable Network Programming Competition General. Cable network programming is a highly competitive business. Cable networks compete for content, distribution, viewers and advertisers with a variety of media, including broadcast television networks; cable television systems and networks; streaming and platforms and services; mobile, gaming and social media platforms; audio programming; and print and other media. Important competitive factors include the prices charged for programming, the quantity, quality and variety of programming offered, the accessibility of such programming, the ability to adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms, the quality of user experience and the effectiveness of marketing efforts. Competition for sales of advertising time is based primarily on the anticipated and actually delivered size and demographic characteristics of audiences as determined by various measurement services, price, the time of day when the advertising is to be broadcast, competition from other cable networks, broadcast networks, cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite television, social and digital media and general economic conditions. Competition for audiences is based primarily on the selection of programming, the popularity and success of which depend on the reaction of the viewing public, which is often difficult to predict. FOX News Media. FOX News' primary competition comes from the broadcast networks' national news divisions and cable news networks such as CNN and MS NOW. FOX Business' primary competition comes from the cable networks CNBC and Bloomberg Television. FOX News and FOX Business also compete for viewers and advertisers within a broad spectrum of television networks, including other cable networks, broadcast television networks and streaming and platforms and services. FOX News and FOX Business also face competition online from CNN.com, NBCNews.com, NYTimes.com, CNBC.com, Bloomberg.com, Yahoo.com, The Wall Street Journal Online, YouTube, social media platforms and audio and podcast networks, among others. FOX Sports. A number of basic and pay television programming services, streaming services, and stations and broadcast networks compete with FS1, FS2 and the Big Ten Network for sports programming rights, distribution, audiences and advertisers. On a national level, the primary competitors to FS1, FS2, and the Big Ten Network are national cable networks ESPN, ESPN2, TNT, TBS, USA Network, CBS Sports Network and The CW Network; networks such as NFL Network, NHL Network, NBA TV and MLB Network; collegiate networks such as the SEC Network and ACC Network; and streaming services such as ESPN, YouTube, Peacock, Amazon Prime Video, Netflix, 7 Apple TV, Paramount+ and HBO Max, among others. In regional markets, the Big Ten Network competes with regional sports networks, local broadcast television stations and other sports programming providers and distributors. Television The Television segment produces, acquires, markets and distributes programming through the FOX broadcast network, the Tubi AVOD service, broadcast television stations and other digital platforms, primarily in the U.S. The segment also includes various production companies that produce content for the Company and third parties. The FOX Network The FOX Network is a premier national television broadcast network, renowned for disrupting legacy broadcasters with powerful sports programming and appealing primetime entertainment. The FOX Network regularly delivers 15 hours of weekly primetime programming to 209 local market affiliates, including 18 stations owned and operated by the Company, covering virtually every U.S. market, according to Nielsen. The FOX Network primetime lineup is intended to appeal primarily to the 18 to 49 year old audience, the demographic group that advertisers seek to reach most often, with particular focus on the 18 to 34 year old audience. The FOX Network has ranked among the top two networks in the 18 to 34 year old audience for the past 31 broadcast seasons. During the 2025-2026 broadcast season, the FOX Network ranked #2 in the 18 to 49 and 18 to 34 year old audiences and #2 in the male 18 to 49 and 18 to 34 year old audiences (based on Nielsen’s live+7 ratings). The median age of the FOX Network viewer is 59 years, as compared to 64 years for ABC, 63 years for CBS and 60 years for NBC. • FOX Sports . A significant component of FOX Network programming consists of sports programming, with the FOX Network providing to its affiliates during the 2025-2026 broadcast season live coverage of the NFL, featuring America's Game of the Week, and the FIFA Men’s World Cup . The FOX Network also provides live coverage of MLB (including the and the World Series ), college football and basketball, MLS, the NASCAR Cup Series (including the Daytona 500 ), INDYCAR and the UFL. In certain years, FOX Sports broadcasts the Super Bowl and the UEFA European Championship . Effective with the 2023 NFL season, FOX Sports entered into an expanded 11-year media rights agreement with the NFL (subject to an NFL termination right after the 2029 season) that extended FOX Sports' coverage of NFL games. • FOX Entertainment. FOX Entertainment delivers scripted, unscripted, animated and live event content. FOX Entertainment primetime programming during the 2025-2026 broadcast season featured such scripted series as Doc, Best Medicine and Memory of a Killer , along with the FOX Entertainment-owned comedies Animal Control and Going Dutch ; animated series, including The Simpsons, Bob's Burgers, Family Guy and American Dad ; and unscripted series, such as the game show The Floor , Next Level Chef , Gordon Ramsay’s Secret Service and Kitchen Nightmares from Studio Ramsay Global (FOX’s production company with Gordon Ramsay), The Masked Singer, LEGO Masters, Special Forces: World’s Toughest Test, Farmer Wants a Wife , Fear Factor: House of Fear, Extracted and investigative report specials from TMZ. During the 2025-2026 broadcast season, FOX Entertainment featured the season’s top two debuts among adults 18-49 with Fear Factor: House of Fear and Memory of a Killer , along with three of the top four most watched cooking shows on television with Next Level Chef, Hell’s Kitchen and MasterChef . The FOX Network obtains national sports programming through license agreements with professional or collegiate sports leagues or organizations, including agreements with the NFL, MLB, college football and basketball conferences, NASCAR, UEFA, Concacaf and INDYCAR. Entertainment programming is obtained from major television studios, including 20th Television, Sony Pictures Television and Warner Bros. Television, and independent television production companies pursuant to license and agreements. The terms of these agreements generally provide the FOX Network with the right to acquire broadcast rights to a television series for a minimum of four seasons. Entertainment programming is also provided by the Company's production companies described below. The FOX Network provides programming to affiliated stations and the right to broadcast network television programming on the affiliated stations in accordance with agreements of varying durations. Such agreements typically run three or more years and have staggered expiration dates. These affiliation agreements 8 require affiliated stations to carry the FOX Network programming in all time periods in which the FOX Network programming is offered to those affiliated stations, subject to certain exceptions stated in the affiliation agreements. Tubi Tubi is a leading AVOD service that is available on multiple digital platforms in the United States and select international regions. Tubi offers a content library of over 350,000 movies and television episodes from over 600 content partners, including every major Hollywood studio, and a growing number of new original titles. In fiscal 2026, Tubi expanded its content library through the premiere of 50 new original titles and the launch of over 20,000 episodes. Tubi also features key FOX content, such as The Masked Singer and Next Level Chef , as well as live local and national news content and sports programming. In addition to its library, Tubi offers over 340 sports, entertainment and local news linear streaming channels. These include channels featuring FOX Entertainment’s The Masked Singer , TMZ and Studio Ramsay Global’s Gordon Ramsay and feeds from over 100 local television stations (including FOX’s owned and operated stations), covering 77 DMAs and 23 of the top 25 markets. As of June 2026, Tubi is available on the vast majority of streaming platforms, including connected television devices, online at tubitv.com and on iOS and Android devices and platforms. In fiscal 2026, the service generated over 13 billion hours of total view time (the total number of hours watched) and averaged approximately 2.2% of all television viewing over the course of the year according to Nielsen’s The Gauge . Tubi enables the Company’s advertising partners to access a substantial, incremental digital audience. Tubi’s viewers are young, multicultural and highly engaged, and the majority of its audience is classified as “ ” or “ .” FOX Television Stations FOX Television Stations owns and operates 29 full power broadcast television stations, which deliver broadcast network content, local news and syndicated programming to viewers in 18 local markets. These include stations located in 15 of the top 16 largest DMAs and two stations (referred to as duopolies) in each of 11 DMAs, including the three largest DMAs (New York, Los Angeles and Chicago). In two of the duopoly markets, FOX Television Stations is internally channel sharing whereby both of its stations in the market operate using a single 6 MHz channel. Of the 29 full power broadcast television stations, 18 stations are affiliated with the FOX Network. These stations leverage viewer, distributor and advertiser demand for the FOX Network’s national content. In addition, the FOX Network’s strategy to deliver fewer hours of national content than other major broadcasters benefits stations affiliated with the FOX Network, which can utilize the flexibility in scheduling to offer expanded local news and other programming that viewers covet. Our 29 stations collectively produce over 1,500 hours of local news coverage every week. For a description of the programming offered to affiliates of the FOX Network, see “—The FOX Network.” In addition, FOX Television Stations owns and operates 11 stations broadcasting programming from MyNetworkTV. FOX Television Stations also operates a portfolio of digital businesses. These include the FLX (or FOX Local Extension) digital advertising platform and digital distribution businesses, including the FOX Local Streams, LiveNOW from FOX and FOX Soul FAST services described below under the heading “Digital Distribution.” The following table lists certain information about each of the television stations owned and operated by FOX Television Stations. Unless otherwise noted, all stations are affiliates of the FOX Network. FOX Television Stations DMA/Rank Station Digital Channel RF (Virtual) Type Percentage of U.S. Television Households in the DMA (a) New York, NY 1 WNYW 27(5) UHF 6.1% (b)(c) 25(9) UHF Los Angeles, CA* 2 KTTV 11(11) VHF 4.6% (b) 13(13) VHF Chicago, IL* 3 WFLD 24(32) UHF 2.9% (b)(d) 31(50) UHF 9 DMA/Rank Station Digital Channel RF (Virtual) Type Percentage of U.S. Television Households in the DMA (a) Dallas, TX* 4 KDFW 35(4) UHF 2.6% KDFI (b) 27(27) UHF Philadelphia, PA* 5 31(29) UHF 2.5% Houston, TX* 6 KRIV 26(26) UHF 2.3% KTXH (b) 19(20) UHF Atlanta, GA* 7 27(5) UHF 2.2% Washington, DC* 8 WTTG 36(5) UHF 2.1% WDCA (b)(e) 36(20) UHF San Francisco, CA* 9 KTVU 31(2) UHF 2.0% (b) 36(36) UHF Tampa, FL* 11 WTVT 12(13) VHF 1.8% Phoenix, AZ* 12 10(10) VHF 1.8% KUTP (b) 26(45) UHF , WA* 13 KCPQ 13(13) VHF 1.7% KZJO (b) 36(22) UHF Detroit, MI* 14 WJBK 7(2) VHF 1.5% Orlando, FL* 15 WOFL 22(35) UHF 1.5% WRBW (b) 28(65) UHF Minneapolis, MN* (f) 16 9(9) VHF 1.5% WFTC (b) 29(29) UHF Austin, TX* 32 KTBC 7(7) VHF 0.8% Milwaukee, WI 39 WITI (g) 31(6) UHF 0.7% Gainesville, FL 156 WOGX 31(51) UHF 0.1% TOTAL 38.7% Source: Nielsen, January 2026 * Denotes a market where stations are also broadcasting in the ATSC 3.0 "NextGenTV" standard in partnership with broadcasters in the applicable DMA through channel sharing arrangements or, in the case of , KTXH and WRBW, each of those stations has made the conversion to and is broadcasting in the ATSC 3.0 standard. (a) VHF television stations transmit on Channels 2 through 13 and UHF television stations on Channels 14 through 36. The Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) applies a discount (the “UHF Discount"), which attributes only 50% of the television households in a local television market to the audience reach of a UHF television station for purposes of calculating whether that station’s owner complies with the national station ownership cap imposed by FCC regulations and by statute; in making this calculation, only the station’s RF Broadcast Channel is considered. In a duopoly market, both stations must be UHF for the discount to apply. In addition, the coverage of two commonly owned stations in the same market is counted only once. The percentages listed are rounded and do not take into account the UHF Discount. For more information regarding the FCC’s national station ownership cap, see “Government Regulation.” (b) MyNetworkTV licensee station. 10 (c) hosts television station WRNN, New Rochelle, NY, licensed to WRNN License Company, LLC, an unrelated third party pursuant to a channel sharing agreement between FOX Television Stations and shared WRNN License Company, LLC. A portion of the spectrum formerly licensed to is now shared with and licensed to WRNN. (d) channel shares with WFLD. (e) WDCA channel shares with WTTG. (f) The Company also owns and operates full power station KFTC, Channel 26, Bemidji, MN as a satellite station of WFTC, Channel 29, Minneapolis, MN. Station KFTC is in addition to the 29 full power stations described in this section. (g) WITI hosts television station WVCY, Milwaukee, WI, licensed to VCY America, Inc., an unrelated third party pursuant to a channel sharing agreement between WITI Television, LLC, the predecessor in interest of FOX Television Stations and VCY America, Inc. A portion of the spectrum family licensed to WITI is now shared with and licensed to WVCY. Digital Distribution The Company’s Television segment also distributes programming through the FOX One subscription streaming service, websites, apps, podcasts and social media accounts and licenses programming for distribution through MVPDs’ websites and apps. The Company’s websites and apps, which include FOX.com, FOXSports.com and TMZ.com and the FOX One, FOX Sports and TMZ mobile apps, provide live and/or streaming of FOX Network shows and programming from broadcast stations affiliated with the FOX Network. Other digital properties offering Television segment programming and other content include Tubi and the TMZ FAST service. FOX Television Stations distributes content across websites and mobile apps associated with the stations, Tubi, a range of platforms and FOX Television Station’s FAST services. These services include LiveNOW from FOX, which offers 24/7 live streaming news coverage; FOX Local Streams, a group of FAST services that offer live and recorded content from 17 and operated local television stations; and FOX Soul, a service dedicated to the African American viewer that features original and syndicated programming. The Company’s FAST services are distributed across multiple devices and platforms, including traditional and virtual MVPDs, Tubi, connected TV device platforms and other digital platforms. FOX Entertainment Studios Through its FOX Entertainment Studios business, the Company produces entertainment programming for its own traditional and digital entertainment platforms, as well as for third parties. TMZ produces daily syndicated magazine programs, broadcast and other television specials and other content for distribution on traditional and digital platforms, including FOX Television Stations, Tubi, FOX One, FOX Nation and other digital platforms. The Company also operates a production company with Gordon Ramsay called Studio Ramsay Global that develops, produces and distributes culinary and lifestyle programming such as Next Level Chef and Next Level Baker for FOX and other programs for global markets. FOX Alternative Entertainment develops and produces unscripted and alternative programming primarily for the FOX Network, including The Masked Singer and Name That Tune . Animation production company Bento Box Entertainment produces programming for cable and broadcast networks (including programming such as Krapopolis, Grimsburg, Universal Basic Guys and Bob's Burgers that air on the FOX Network) and digital platforms. FOX Entertainment Global FOX Entertainment Global is FOX’s sales and distribution business. FOX Entertainment Global engages in domestic and international sales and licenses of scripted and unscripted series and other programs owned or controlled by various FOX entities, as well as content owned by third parties that contract with FOX Entertainment Global for distribution. Red Seat Ventures Red Seat Ventures, acquired by FOX in 2025, is a digital services company that partners with content creators, brands and media companies to develop digital properties. 11 MyNetworkTV The programming distribution service, Master Distribution Service, Inc. (branded as MyNetworkTV), distributes two hours per night, Monday through Friday, of programming from syndicators to its over 185 licensee stations, including 11 stations owned and operated by the Company, and is available to approximately 95% of U.S. households as of June 30, 2026. Television Competition The network television broadcasting business is highly competitive. The FOX Network (with respect to both its sports and entertainment programming), MyNetworkTV and Tubi compete for audiences, programming and advertising revenue with a variety of competing media, including other broadcast television networks; cable television systems and networks; streaming and platforms and services; mobile, gaming and social media platforms; audio programming; and print and other media. In addition, the FOX Network and MyNetworkTV compete with other broadcast networks and programming distribution services to secure affiliations or station agreements with independently owned television stations in markets across the U.S. ABC, NBC and CBS each broadcast a significantly greater number of hours of programming than the FOX Network and, accordingly, may be able to designate or change time periods in which programming is to be broadcast with greater flexibility than the FOX Network. Technological developments are also continuing to affect competition within the broadcast television marketplace. Our entertainment programming production businesses compete with other content creators for creative talent, new content ideas, intellectual property and the distribution of their content. FOX Entertainment Global competes with other content licensors and sellers for the distribution of its content. Each of the stations owned and operated by FOX Television Stations also competes for advertising revenues with other television stations, radio and cable systems in its respective market area, along with other advertising media, including streaming and platforms and services; mobile, gaming and social media platforms; newspapers, magazines, outdoor advertising and direct mail. All of the stations owned and operated by FOX Television Stations are located in highly competitive markets. Additional factors that affect the competitive position of each of the television stations include management experience, authorized power and assigned frequency of that station. Competition for sales of broadcast advertising time is based primarily on the anticipated and actually delivered size and demographic characteristics of audiences as determined by various rating services, price, the time of day when the advertising is to be broadcast, competition from the other broadcast networks, cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite television, services and digital media and general economic conditions. Competition for audiences is based primarily on the selection of programming, the acceptance of which is dependent on the reaction of the viewing public, which is often difficult to predict. Other FOX Studio Lot FOX owns the FOX Studio Lot in Los Angeles, California. The historic lot is located on over 50 acres of land and has over 1.8 million square feet of space for both administration and production and services available to service a wide array of industry clients, including 15 sound stages, theaters and screening rooms, editing rooms and other television and film production facilities. The FOX Studio Lot also has network broadcast facilities including two live production studios, production control rooms and editing and graphic spaces. The FOX Studio Lot provides two primary revenue streams — the lease of a portion of the office space to third parties and the operation of studio facilities for productions. Credible Credible Labs Inc. (“Credible”) operates consumer finance and insurance marketplaces in the U.S. Credible’s offerings provide consumers personalized product and rate options for a range of financial products, including student loans, personal loans, mortgages and insurance policies from multiple consumer lending and insurance providers. 12 FOX One FOX One, which launched in August 2025, is the Company’s , subscription streaming service that offers subscribers live streaming and access to the full portfolio of FOX brands, including FOX News, FOX Sports, the FOX Network, FOX Business, FOX Weather, FS1, FS2, FOX Deportes, the Big Ten Network, FOX Television Stations and, on a bundled basis, FOX Nation and B1G+. The service is designed to attract “ ” and “ ”, expanding the reach of FOX’s programming beyond its existing footprint. FOX One leverages technology to enhance the user experience, help audiences discover and enjoy content and integrate live and content. FOX One is available to consumers as a service and as part of bundled offerings that include other distributors and services. In addition, MVPD subscribers who receive the Company’s networks can access FOX One on an authenticated basis. Investments Flutter The Company holds an equity interest in Flutter, an online sports betting and gaming company with operations in the U.S. and internationally. The Company owns approximately 4.3 million ordinary shares, which represents approximately 2.5% of Flutter as of June 30, 2026. In addition, FOX Sports holds a 10-year call option expiring in December 2030 to acquire an 18.6% equity interest in Flutter's subsidiary, FanDuel, the exercise of which is subject to certain conditions and applicable gambling regulatory approvals. As of June 30, 2026, the option exercise price is approximately $4.7 billion. FOX has no obligation to commit capital towards this opportunity unless and until it exercises the option. In addition, Flutter cannot pursue an initial public offering for FanDuel without FOX's consent or approval from the arbitrator who presided over a arbitration in 2021 and 2022. United Football League Launched in January 2024, the United Football League (the “UFL”) is a professional spring football league that consists of eight teams playing a 40-game regular season schedule in addition to two playoff games and a championship game. FOX Sports and Disney/ESPN are the domestic distribution partners of the UFL games under rights agreements. As of June 30, 2026, the Company owns approximately 32.2% of the UFL. Government Regulation The Communications Act and FCC Regulation The television broadcast industry in the U.S. is highly regulated by federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various agencies, including the FCC. The FCC regulates television broadcasting, and certain aspects of the operations of cable, satellite and other electronic media that compete with broadcasting, pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”). The introduction of new laws and regulations or changes in the enforcement or interpretation of existing laws and regulations could have a negative impact on the operations, prospects and financial performance of the Company. Broadcast Licenses. The Communications Act permits the operation of television broadcast stations only in accordance with a license issued by the FCC upon a finding that the grant of the license would serve the public interest, convenience and necessity. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds broadcast licenses in connection with its ownership and operation of television stations. Under the Communications Act, television broadcast licenses may be granted for a maximum term of eight years. Generally, the FCC renews broadcast licenses upon finding that the television station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity; there have been no serious violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC rules and regulations; and there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC rules and regulations which, taken together, indicate a pattern of abuse. The next renewal cycle for FOX Television Stations’ FCC applications for its full power broadcast licenses will commence in June of 2028. One television station license from the previous renewal cycle is subject to an administrative appeal at the FCC. Ownership Regulations. Under the FCC’s national television ownership rule, one party may own television stations with a collective national audience reach of not more than 39% of all U.S. television households, subject to the UHF discount. Under the UHF discount, a UHF television station is attributed with reaching only 50% of the television households in its market for purposes of calculating national audience reach. In June 13 2025, the FCC released a Public Notice seeking to refresh the record on whether to eliminate the national ownership cap. In July 2026, the FCC announced that it will vote at its August 6, 2026 Open Meeting to eliminate the 39% national audience reach television ownership cap. If adopted, the elimination of the cap would allow a broadcaster to own stations serving 100% of the country subject to traditional public interest review. The Company is also subject to other communications laws and regulations relating to ownership. For example, FCC dual network rules prohibit any of the four major broadcast television networks — FOX, ABC, CBS and NBC — from being under common ownership or control. In addition, under the Communications Act, no broadcast station licensees may be owned by a corporation if more than 25% of the corporation’s stock is owned or voted by .S. persons, their representatives or by any other corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country. This ownership limit can be waived if the FCC finds it to be in the public interest. The FCC could review the Company’s compliance with the foreign ownership regulations in connection with its consideration of FOX Television Stations’ license renewal applications. The Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) to take action to prevent, cure or mitigate the effect of stock ownership above the applicable foreign ownership threshold, including: refusing to permit any transfer of common stock to or ownership of common stock by a .S. stockholder; voiding a transfer of common stock to a .S. stockholder; suspending rights of stock ownership if held by a .S. stockholder; or redeeming common stock held by a .S. stockholder. /Retransmission Consent. FCC regulations require each television broadcaster to elect, at intervals, either to require carriage of its signal by traditional MVPDs in the station’s market or to negotiate the terms through which that broadcast station would permit transmission of its signal by the traditional MVPDs within its market, which we refer to as retransmission consent. FOX Television Stations have historically elected retransmission consent for all of their owned and operated stations, and the Company has been compensated as a result. Children’s Programming. Federal legislation limits the amount of commercial matter that may be broadcast during programming originally designed for children 12 years of age and younger to 10 ½ minutes per hour during the weekend and 12 minutes per hour during the week. In addition, FCC regulations generally require television stations to broadcast a minimum of three hours per week of programming, which, among other requirements, must serve, as a “significant purpose,” the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and under. Under FCC rules, one of the three hours per week may air on a television station’s multicast stream(s); the other two hours must air on the primary programming stream. A television station found not to have complied with the programming requirements or commercial limitations could face sanctions, including monetary fines and the possible of its license. Program Regulation. The FCC also regulates the content of broadcast, cable network and other video programming. The FCC prohibits broadcasters from airing obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC also monitors compliance relating to political advertising and the use and integrity of the Emergency Alert System. In addition, FCC regulations require the closed captioning of almost all broadcast and/or cable programming, as well as certain programming in the U.S. delivered by internet protocol. Broadcast television stations in certain markets that are affiliated with one of the four major U.S. broadcast networks must also provide a certain amount of programming every quarter that includes description of a program’s key visual elements that make the program accessible to blind and viewers. Commercials embedded in our networks’ television content stream also must adhere to certain standards for ensuring that those commercials are not transmitted at louder volumes than our program material. Advertising Regulation. The Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, has increased its focus on unfair and deceptive advertising practices, particularly with respect to social media marketing. Both FCC and FTC rules and guidance require marketers to clearly and conspicuously disclose whenever there has been payment for a marketing message or when there is a material connection between an advertiser and a product endorser. Additionally, a number of states have recently introduced or passed legislation as it relates to disclosures of the use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) in political advertising. The disclosure and record retention requirements for AI in political advertising vary greatly by state. 14 Spectrum Allocation. In 2020, the FCC reallocated sixty percent of a band of satellite transmission spectrum known as the “C-Band” used by the television industry to transmit programming to free up spectrum for the next generation of commercial wireless broadband services, which has reduced the availability and use of satellite transmission spectrum for the television industry. In July 2025, legislation was signed into law, directing the FCC to conduct an auction of at least 100 MHz of C-Band spectrum within two years. The FCC launched a rulemaking on the implementation of the auction and requested public comment on whether the remaining spectrum in the C-Band, be, in whole or in part, included in the auction. In July 2026, the FCC adopted a final Order that requires 160 MHz of the remaining 200 MHz C-Band spectrum to be included in the auction, with the auction to occur in 2027 and the transition of the use of the spectrum to conclude by December 2030 in the top 75 Partial Economic Areas and June 2031 for the rest of the country. The decreased availability of satellite transmission spectrum could diminish the quality of and increase interference to our transmissions, which could significantly hinder the Company’s ability to deliver its programming to broadcast affiliates and traditional MVPDs. Broadcast Affiliation. In addition, FCC regulations govern various aspects of the agreements between networks and affiliated broadcast stations, including a mandate that television broadcast station licensees retain the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance. In November 2025, the FCC issued a Public Notice seeking comment on how market and regulatory dynamics have impacted the relationship between local television stations and national broadcast networks. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this rulemaking or its impact on our businesses. Broadcast Transmission Standard. In November 2017, the FCC adopted rules to permit television broadcasters to voluntarily broadcast using the “Next Generation” broadcast television transmission standard developed by the Advanced Television Systems Committee, Inc., also referred to as “ATSC 3.0” or “NEXTGEN TV”. FOX Television Stations is actively building out ATSC 3.0 facilities and is participating in various ATSC 3.0 testing with other broadcasters, but it is too early to predict the impact of this technical standard on the Company's operations. In June 2020, the FCC adopted a Declaratory Ruling and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking declaring that local and national ownership restrictions do not apply to services. In June 2023, the FCC issued a Report and Order that extended the simulcast requirement for ATSC 1.0 and ATSC 3.0 signals to July 2027. In early 2025, the National Association of Broadcasters filed a petition seeking an end of the simulcast requirements and a hard transition deadline to ATSC 3.0 standard. This proceeding may impact the roll out of both video and ATSC 3.0 services. Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary forfeitures, periodic reporting conditions, license renewals and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of license. Violation of obligations can result in enforcement actions, litigation, consent decrees and, ultimately, substantial monetary fines. Privacy and Information Regulation The laws and regulations governing the collection, use, retention, disclosure and transfer of personal information are complex and rapidly evolving, particularly as they relate to the Company's digital businesses. Federal and state laws and regulations affecting the Company’s digital products and services such as advertising-supported and subscription-based streaming services, websites, apps and other business activities include: the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, which prohibits websites and online services from collecting personally identifiable information online from children under age 13 without prior parental consent; the Video Privacy Protection Act, which prohibits the knowing disclosure of information that identifies a person as having requested or obtained specific video materials from a “video tape service provider;” the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, which restricts certain marketing communications, such as text messages and calls, without explicit consent; the Act, which regulates the collection, handling, disclosure and use of certain personal information by companies that offer consumers financial products or services, imposes notice obligations and provides certain individual rights regarding the use and disclosure of certain information; and many state privacy laws, such as those in California and Virginia, which impose broad obligations on the collection, use, handling and disclosure of personal information, and provide certain individual rights, including the right to access, delete, correct and restrict the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, including in connection with targeted advertising, and the right to appeal. 15 A number of privacy and data security bills and regulations that address the collection, retention, disclosure and use of personal information, breach notification requirements and cybersecurity that would impose additional obligations on businesses, including in connection with targeted advertising, are pending or have been adopted at the state and federal level. Certain existing and emerging privacy and laws and regulations also may impose additional obligations relating to the use of automated technologies and personal information, which could affect how the Company develops, deploys and uses tools. In addition, the FTC and state attorneys general and other regulators have made privacy and data security an enforcement focus. Other federal and state laws and regulations that could impact our businesses also have been or may be adopted, such as those relating to minors, tailored advertising and its measurement, and oversight of content, as well as U.S. national security restrictions regarding the transfer of certain U.S. data, such as the Preventing Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons Rule issued by the U.S. Department of Justice. In addition, certain international and federal laws and all 50 states have data breach notification legislation that require businesses to notify individuals and government agencies in the event of unauthorized access or exfiltration of certain personal information. Foreign jurisdictions also have implemented and continue to introduce new privacy and data security laws and regulations, which apply to certain of the Company’s operations. It is possible that our current data protection policies and practices may be deemed inconsistent with new legal requirements or interpretations thereof and could result in the violation of these new laws and regulations. The EU General Data Protection Regulation, in particular, regulates the collection, use and security of personal data and restricts the flow of such data. Other countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, China and Mexico, also have enacted data protection legislation. The Company monitors and considers these laws and regulations, particularly with respect to the design and operation of digital content services and legal and regulatory compliance programs. There may be changes in laws and regulations or judicial or regulators’ interpretation or enforcement thereof and regulatory agencies may change their priorities or activities with respect to such laws and regulations. Any of these could result in increased compliance costs, claims, changes to business practices, including with respect to tailored advertising, or otherwise impact the Company’s business. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in significant monetary fines and other penalties, private litigation, require us to expend significant resources to defend, remedy and/or address, harm our reputation or subject us to increased scrutiny from regulators or stakeholders, even if we are not ultimately responsible for the violation. Regulation of Digital Products and Services The Company’s digital products and services are subject to evolving federal, state and international laws and regulations governing areas including consumer protection, online safety accessibility and competition, in addition to the privacy, data security and intellectual property laws described elsewhere in this section. The scope of regulation applicable to the Company’s digital products and services may differ depending on how they are used and/or purchased. We cannot predict whether, or the extent to which, future regulatory developments could affect our digital products and services. Consumer Finance Laws and Regulations Credible operates consumer finance and insurance marketplaces that market and provide services in heavily regulated industries across the United States. As a result, Credible is subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations. These include the laws and regulations governing the collection, use and transfer of consumer information described above and the following: • the Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or “RESPA,” and similar state laws, and federal and state unfair and deceptive acts and practices, or “UDAAP,” laws and regulations, which place restrictions on the manner in which consumer loans and insurance products are marketed and originated and the amount and nature of fees that may be charged or paid to Credible by lenders, insurance carriers and real estate professionals; • the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which, among other things, imposes requirements related to mortgage disclosures; and 16 • federal and state licensing laws, such as the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, or “SAFE Act,” which establishes minimum standards for the licensing and regulation of mortgage loan originators and state insurance licensing laws. Intellectual Property The Company’s intellectual property assets include copyrights in television and other programming, other publications, websites, digital properties and technologies; trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, slogans, sound marks, design rights, symbols, characters, names, titles and trade names, domain names; patents or patent applications for inventions related to its products, business methods and/or services, trade secrets and know how; and licenses of intellectual property rights of various kinds. The Company derives value from these assets through the production, distribution and/or licensing of its programming to distributors, the operation of websites and other digital properties, and through the sale of products, such as collectible merchandise, apparel, books and publications, among others. The Company devotes significant resources to protecting its intellectual property, relying on a combination of copyright, trademark, unfair competition, patent, trade secret and other laws and contract provisions. There can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful in any given case. Policing unauthorized use of the Company’s products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult, and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent the infringement. The Company seeks to limit that threat through a combination of approaches, including offering legitimate market alternatives, deploying digital rights management technologies, asserting infringement claims and by pursuing takedowns and/or monetization of Company content uploaded to the Internet by third parties without Company authorization. Piracy, including in the digital environment, continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on intellectual property. Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of the Company’s intellectual property from time to time, and such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of the Company’s intellectual property rights. Even if not valid, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources that could have an adverse effect on the Company’s operations. The legal landscape for new technologies, including AI, remains uncertain, and development of the law in this area could negatively impact the Company’s ability to protect against unauthorized infringing uses or result in intellectual property infringement claims against the Company. Human Capital Resources Our workforce is the creative, strategic and operational engine of FOX’s success, and we are committed to developing and supporting our employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits, fostering a healthy balance, providing growth and development opportunities, fostering workplace civility and respect and encouraging our employees to have an impact in their communities. As of June 30, 2026, we had approximately 10,550 employees. In the ordinary course of our business and consistent with industry practice, we also employ freelance and temporary workers who provide important production and broadcast support services. The vast majority of our workforce is based in the United States, and a portion is unionized. Our most recent Employment Information Report ( ) is available on our website at www.foxcorporation.com . FOX’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report, also posted on our website at www.foxcorporation.com , provides a detailed review of our human capital programs and achievements. Our key human capital initiatives include: Employee Compensation and Benefits We are proud to invest in our people through competitive pay and comprehensive benefits designed to attract, motivate and retain our talent. employees and their family members are eligible for medical insurance, and eligible employees may participate in flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, and qualified transportation expense accounts. We also provide employees with a health advocate service. Eligible employees receive paid programs, including vacation and sick and safe time, benefits such as life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, salary replacement for up to 26 weeks of disability, basic disability insurance, charitable gift matching, and an employee assistance program that offers onsite counseling in our New York and Los Angeles worksites. The FOX 401(k) Savings 17 Plan provides employees with a company contribution, and it offers a company match, Roth and contribution options and contributions. Freelance employees who work a minimum number of hours are also eligible for a medical, dental and vision plan, as well as the 401(k) savings plan and health advocate service. Employee Wellness and Workplace Flexibility We believe offering our employees the tools necessary for a healthy balance and overall wellness empowers them to thrive in today's workforce. FOX provides robust parental leave, workplace lactation rooms, subsidized childcare for Los Angeles employees and extensive backup care for family members and pets. FOX maintains a partnership with the National Alliance on Mental Illness to provide additional mental health resources to employees, including courses on strategies to build resilience, maintain mental and protect against workplace burnout. Learning and Development FOX offers employees multiple learning and development programs, including tuition reimbursement, management and leadership development, online and e-learning, live webinars and assessment tools. We deliver specialized training on the First Amendment, defamation, privacy, infringement and other newsgathering and reporting topics to educate employees on these principles and provide advice on best practices. Additionally, FOX has established and put into action numerous early career training initiatives aimed at equipping promising individuals with vital job skills and career advancement opportunities. The FOX Internship Program offers students an exciting opportunity to gain practical experience, participating in projects and seminars on the media industry, technology and professional development. Workplace Civility and Respect Trust begins in the workplace every single day. We are committed to fostering a working environment of trust for our colleagues, in which people do their best work. Harassment, discrimination, retaliation and threats to health and safety all undermine our working environment of trust and make it harder for people to excel. Therefore, it is our policy to provide a safe work environment free from this or any other unlawful conduct. Creating and maintaining an environment free of discrimination and harassment begins at the highest leadership level of the Company and we have focused on embedding this commitment throughout our policies and practices. The FOX Standards of Business Conduct and the Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, which are posted on our website, create our framework for addressing complaints and taking remedial measures as needed. In addition, all new hires must complete training on the Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, as well as compliance and business ethics and existing employees must complete the training periodically. Community Impact Through FOX Forward, our corporate social responsibility program, we strategically invest in causes that align with our business, our employees and our audience in an effort to create positive change. Our primary areas of focus include serving veterans and military, opening educational pathways for students and providing essential resources to communities in crisis. 18 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set forth below before making an investment in the Company’s securities. Risks Related to the Roku Transaction The Roku Transaction may not be completed or may be delayed if the closing conditions in the Merger Agreement are not satisfied, and the Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. On June 14, 2026, FOX and Roku entered into the Merger Agreement pursuant to which Roku will become a wholly owned subsidiary of FOX. The completion of the Merger is subject to several closing conditions, including requisite FOX and Roku stockholder approvals, clearance under the Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, the receipt of consents or approvals under certain other antitrust laws and certain investment screening laws and other customary conditions. The regulatory approval process (including if regulatory or governmental authorities seek to impose any terms, conditions, obligations or restrictions as a condition to approval) may lead to lengthy negotiations, jeopardize or delay completion of the Merger or negatively impact its anticipated benefits. The failure to satisfy all required conditions could prevent the Merger from being completed or delay its completion for a significant period of time. Such a delay could result in a failure to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the Merger on the expected timeline, or at all. There can be no assurance that the conditions in the Merger Agreement will be satisfied or waived or that the Merger will be consummated. The Merger Agreement also contains customary termination rights and provides that each party is required to pay the other a termination fee of approximately $866 million if the Merger Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, including due to a change in the rec

[truncated]