BETA Close X Focus Xplore PLC announced board changes with the proposed appointment of Antony Legge as Independent Non-Executive Chairman, David Russell as Executive Director, and Neil Slade as Non-Executive Director, while Sean Wade and James Tosh will step down. The company also raised £75,000 through the issue of convertible loan notes, which will convert at the lower of £0.00025 per share or the price of any subsequent share issue, with conversion possible until December 31, 2027, and a 10% annual interest rate. These funds will be used for historic creditors and working capital, with holders of the loan notes receiving warrants for shares upon conversion. Disclaimer* Focus Xplore PLC 09 March 2026 9 March 2026 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the ' Company ') Board Changes and Issue of £75,000 of Convertible Loan Notes Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, announces that the Company proposes to appoint Antony Legge, David Russell and Neil Slade to the Board upon the satisfactory completion of the usual regulatory due diligence. Upon their appointment, Sean Wade will step down from the board, to be succeeded by Antony Legge as Independent Non-Executive Chairman, with Mr Russell being appointed as Executive Director and Neil Slade appointed as Non-Executive Director. In addition, Non-Executive Director James Tosh has resigned with immediate effect. Mr Patrick Cullen will remain on the board until the end of March and thereafter be available as may be required during this period of transition. The new Board will take steps to appoint a director with the relevant Mining expertise as soon as practical. Proposed Board Members' Biographies Antony Legge is an experienced non-executive director and former AIM Nominated Adviser with over 35 years of experience advising growth companies accessing the London capital markets. Mr Legge is currently Interim CEO of Unicorn Mineral Resources plc, which is listed on the Official List in the Transition Category. Mr Legge has focused on small, growth companies across a variety of sectors including media, technology, natural resources and healthcare. Mr Legge holds a BSc in Economics and Accounting from the University of Bristol. David Russell is a Certified Public Accountant with over 30 years of experience in corporate finance, banking, and asset management. He founded Charlemont Capital Solutions Limited, a restructuring practice, and has served on the boards of multiple financial services companies. Mr Russell holds a BSc in Accounting & Law from the University of London and an MSc in Financial Services from University College Dublin. David brings expertise in corporate finance, complex cross-border transactions, regulatory compliance, and strategic corporate recovery. Neil Slade is a former Senior Executive of Aston Martin Lagonda Ltd, where he gained experience in high-value strategic operations and international business management. Neil is an entrepreneur with a track record of building and scaling businesses. Mr Slade holds an MSc in Management from Cranfield University. Fundraise The Company has raised £75,000 though the issue of convertible loan notes ("Loan Notes"). The Loan Notes will convert at the lower of (a) £0.00025 per share, or (b) the price per share paid in any subsequent issue of new Ordinary Shares undertaken by the Company before conversion ("Conversion Price"). Conversion, in whole or in part, may occur at any time in the period to 31 December 2027, at the discretion of the holder of the Loan Notes. The Loan Notes attract a 10% interest rate payable annually in arrears on 31 December. Unless otherwise converted, the Loan Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest will be redeemed on 31 December 2027. Holders of the Loan Notes shall receive one warrant for each Ordinary Share issued upon such conversion ("Warrant"). Each Warrant will entitle the holder to subscribe for one new Ordinary Share at the Conversion Price. The Warrants may be exercised at any time in the four years following their issue. The Warrants are subject to standard protections. The Subscribers for the Loan Notes are: Subscriber Principal Amount Castle International Holdings Limited £27,500 Woodland Capital Limited £27,500 Yakoub Yakoubov £10,000 Beauty Science UK Ltd* £10,000 * Beauty Science UK Ltd is wholly owned by Neil Slade Issue of the Loan Notes is conditional, inter alia, upon the board changes described above occurring within the next 30 calendar days. The proceeds of the Loan Notes will be used to settle certain historic creditors and provide near term working capital. In addition. The Company has undertaken to seek any necessary share holder approvals for the issue of any ordinary shares pursuant to the Loan Notes or Warrants as soon as may be practical and no later than the next annual general meeting of the Company. Related Party Transaction Castle International Holdings Limited is wholly owned by David Russell who is beneficially interested in 487,500,000 Ordinary Shares representing 14.01% of the Company's issued share capital. Accordingly, the issue of the Loan Notes to Castle International Holdings Limited is a related party transaction under the AIM Rules and therefore the Independent Directors (being Sean Wade and Patrick Cullen) consider, after consulting the Group's Nominated Adviser, that the terms of the Loan Notes are fair and reasonable insofar as the Group's shareholders are concerned. Board Comment Patrick Cullen, Chief Executive Officer, commented "I look forward to welcoming Antony, David and Neil to the Board and I believe the Company will benefit from new directors and shareholders who bring fresh perspectives and strategic direction for the Company's next phase of development. I would like to express my gratitude to Sean Wade and James Tosh for their support during this period of change. Their constructive approach has enabled a smooth transition, and I wish them both every success for the future. The issue of the £75,000 convertible loan notes will enable to the Company to meet its trade creditor commitments, fund working capital and allow it to look ahead to the challenge of growing shareholder value." **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore PLC X: @focusXplore Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and