BETA Close X Focus Xplore PLC reported a total comprehensive loss of £640,095 for the year ended 31 December 2025, an increase from the £569,153 loss in 2024, with administrative expenses at £529,038 and exploration expenditure at £98,348. The company acquired 31 Explore Ltd in March 2025, adding Canadian mineral prospects, and is focusing on its Bay Road (REE) and Pearl (Lithium) properties. Post-year-end, the company raised £75,000 in convertible loan notes and experienced board changes. The net asset position improved to £70,560 from a net liability of £325,463 in 2024, driven by capital raises and share issuances. Disclaimer* Focus Xplore PLC 30 June 2026 Focus Xplore PLC 30 June 2026 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the 'Company') Consolidated Annual Financial Results for the year ended 31 December 2025 Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, today announces its audited results for the year to 31 December 2025 Highlights § Acquisition of 31 Explore Ltd in March 2025, bringing a portfolio of various mining prospects in Ontario, Canada, including prospects for lithium, graphite and rare earth elements (REE). § Following work in 2025, the Company's main focus is on its Bay Road (REE) and Pearl (Lithium) properties. § The result for the year amounted to a total comprehensive loss of £640,095 for the year ended 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: total comprehensive loss of £569,153). § Administrative expenditure was £529,038 (2024: £517,045), with exploration expenditure amounting to just £98,348 (2024: £53,419). Post year end events Following the resignations of three of the non executive directors in February and March 2026, a new Executive Director, Non-Executive Chairman and Non-executive Director were appointed with the Chairman and CEO then stepping down at the end of March 2026. At the same time, the Company raised £75,000 in convertible loan notes. Commenting on the results, the Chairman said "The year under review was a transitional one for Focus Xplore, and the post year-end changes to the Board reflect a clear commitment to resetting the Company's strategic direction. While the financial results highlight the challenges of early-stage exploration, the work completed at Bay Road and Pearl has given us a much better understanding of the potential of these properties. The new Board is now focused on building a disciplined, properly funded strategy for advancing the Company's mineral interests, and on creating a more sustainable capital structure to support that work. The Board is currently reviewing a number of opportunities, we look forward to updating shareholders on progress once it is appropriate to do so." Copies of the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 are being posted to shareholders and will also be made available on the Company's website at https://www.focusxplore.com/investors/shareholder-communications/ Notice of the Company's Annual General Meeting will follow in due course. This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). - Ends - Enquiries: Antony Legge info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC - Non-Executive Chairman James Biddle / Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited - Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited - Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore PLC X: @focusXplore Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. CHAIRMAN'S REPORT The period since January 2025 has been one of significant changes for the Company. The year started positively, with the acquisition in the first quarter of 2025 of 31Explore Ltd and its portfolio of properties in Canada. This was followed by the engagement of Planetary AI Ltd and its Xplore system in April and the change of the Company's name to Focus Xplore to better reflect the Company's strategic direction. The Projects On its acquisition in 2025, 31 Explore Ltd controlled a portfolio of ten mining prospects in Ontario, Canada, of which eight were for lithium, one for graphite and one for rare earth elements (REE). The Company assigned priority to six lithium projects and one rare earth element project, all located in the same region of Northwest Ontario as the Company's 100% owned White Pine Uranium Project. In July 2025, the Company announced the results of the first phase of its prospecting and outcrop sampling, which led to increased priority being given to Bay Road, Iva and Oba. However, subsequent sampling, as announced in August 2025, led to Oba and part of Iva being dropped. Bay Road was retained following encouraging results, as was Pearl; where analytical results indicated a fractionated granitic system, in close proximity to untested inferred pegmatites in the west of the property. A portion of the Burrows Lake properties was retained, with samples from the Biscuit Creek property indicating elevated levels of fractionation. A summary of the current status of the Company's projects is set out below: Lithium (i) Pearl - this was expanded from 880 hectares (ha) to 1,475 ha to encompass multiple untested inferred pegmatites identified through LiDAR imagery in what is now the west of the property. These inferred pegmatites, and historically mapped pegmatites in the east of the property, are in close proximity to waterbodies where lake sediments are recorded as having anomalous and highly elevated results for lithium and elements associated with LCT pegmatites. Exploration in 2025 produced positive results, indicating enrichment and fractionation of granite, but failed to outline lithium mineralisation. A minimum expenditure commitment of C$14,000 is required to retain the licence, which will be satisfied in the current financial year, with a further spend commitment of C$10,800 on the western portion of the property falling due in October 2027. (ii) Burrows Lake & Biscuit Creek - following discussion with the Company's consultant geologist, on review of the results from the small field campaign during 2025, it was decided to allow 2 of the 3 sub-licences (Snowberry and Kowka) to lapse, and for a reduction in the size of the remaining license, 'Biscuit Creek'; a further expenditure commitment of C$5,200 required to retain the Biscuit Creek licence will be satisfied in the current financial year. (iii) Oba - Although initially designated a priority in July 2025, the results from a comprehensive programme testing of mapped and unmapped pegmatite occurrences did not indicate any significant concentrations of lithium and the decision was taken to allow this 1,175 ha property to lapse in May 2026. (iv) Iva - In 2025, this project was expanded to 1,130 hectares to encompass an inferred 5.5 km trend of pegmatites prospective for lithium mineralisation. The original area was worked in 2025 but none of the samples tested yielded lithium concentrations indicative of economic potential and this area was allowed to lapse. The potential of the 490 ha expanded area is highlighted by nearby lithium projects, with Patriot Lithium's Bull Project is 11 km east, and the Niobe-Nym Lakes LCT pegmatites lying 20 km away, both being associated with the same intrusion as Iva. The spend commitment of C$9,200 is not due until renewal of the licences in March 2027. (v) Ellie - As noted in July 2025, fieldwork at Ellie did not locate pegmatites. Laboratory analyses of local outcrop did not provide elemental signatures indicative of significant fractionation and no samples returned significant concentrations of lithium or associated elements. Hence, the decision was taken to allow this 642 ha property to lapse in May 2026to avoid a spend commitment of C$9,600. (vi) Wapesi - this comprised three properties (Mining Creek, Altimeter Bay and Sunlight Bay), with a total area of 2,109 ha, associated with the Wapesi Batholith in the English River Sub-Province. Following a strategic review, the Board took the decision not to commit the required exploration expenditure to this early-stage portfolio and the licences were allowed to lapse in October 2025. Rare Earth Elements Bay Road - is an area of 425 ha directly south of the fertile White Otter Batholith and centred on 6 km of mapped felsic intrusive rock. This intrusive feature appears to have a relationship with highly anomalous REE's in-lake-sediment (dysprosium, neodymium), but has never been formally tested, and prior to Focus Xplore's work, no records of historical exploration existed on the property. The results of the 2025 fieldwork were positive, and sampled pegmatites exhibit strongly felsic chemistries and clear signs of advanced fractionation with localised elevations in REEs. The Bay Road Property is surrounded by the Atikokan Project properties owned by Power Max Minerals Inc, ( CSE: PMAX) . Renewal is due in June 2027. Uranium White Pine - is supportive of intrusive-type uranium (an example is Rössing in Namibia) with two granitic batholiths intruded into an area of gneiss. However, minimal fieldwork has occurred to date, with no systematic or modern sampling. The licence requires a minimum spend of C$163k by the end of September 2026, and is held within Katoro Canada. Financial Results and Share Issues The result for the year amounted to a total comprehensive loss of £ 640,095 for the year ended 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: total comprehensive loss of £569,153). Administrative expenditure of £529,038 (2024: £517,045) consumed the majority of the Company's cash costs, with exploration expenditure amounting to just £98,348 (2024: £53,419). Impairments of £204,086 (see Notes 6 and 15 to the Accounts) were broadly offset by a gain on the de-recognition of a financial liability of £204,145 (see Note 17 to the Accounts). Salaries and wages were the single largest line item within general administration, amounting to £156,834 (2024: £56,784), reflecting a full year of the enlarged board and management structure. The remaining administrative expenditure of £372,204 fell into two broad categories. AIM regulatory and market costs of £143,088 (2024: £107,110) were higher than the prior year, principally due to increased brokerage and registrar fees arising from the equity fundraises completed in February and October 2025. General administration costs of £212,155 comprised professional, consulting, audit and secretarial fees incurred across the Group's various entities, along with advertising expenditure in connection with the engagement of public relations firms Since the year end, the new board has taken action to reduce administrative costs with directors' remuneration now just £60,000. Additionally, the new board has initiated a comprehensive review of the Company's cost base with a view to materially reducing overhead on a sustainable basis. A number of outsourcing contracts are in the process of being terminated, with the relevant functions being brought in-house at significantly lower cost. In parallel, a review of the Group's corporate structure has identified a number of legacy subsidiaries that no longer serve an operational purpose; steps are being taken to dissolve these entities, which will reduce both the direct costs of maintaining them and the associated administrative burden. The board is confident that these measures, taken together, will deliver a substantially leaner cost base in the current financial year. The Group's net asset position strengthened from a net liability of £325,463 in 2024 to net assets of £70,560 at the end of 2025, an improvement of £396,023. This was driven by the Company raising £694,000 of new capital and settling £106,000 of creditors and director fees through the issue of shares. The deals with 31Xplore and Planetary AI were also completed using issuances of ordinary shares or warrants. 31Xplore was purchased through this issue of 375,000,000 warrants priced at 0.10p and 375,000,000 warrants priced at 0.15p. The engagement of Planetary AI included the issue of 45,000,000 ordinary shares to meet certain consultancy fees. In total, during the year, the Company issued 1,883,000,000 new ordinary shares together with 2,633,000,000 warrants, together representing c.118% of the issued share capital (or c.283% including warrants) at the start of 2025. Post Year End Developments and Outlook for 2026 The Company raised a further £75,000 in March 2026 through the issue of convertible loan notes, with directors Neil Slade and David Russell (through Castle International Limited, contributing £10,000 and £27,500) respectively. This injection of capital was accompanied by changes to the board, including the resignation of the CEO, Patrick Cullen. The priority of the new Board was to stabilise the financial position and it is heartening to report that conversations with creditors and major suppliers have been positive with significant support being extended to the Company. The new Board, in conjunction with the Company's consulting geologist, also undertook a review of all the Company's properties, which is included in the summary above and has led the decision to let certain less prospective licences lapse. The Board believes that the Pearl and Iva projects continue to offer good mineral exploration prospects. The Board has also held a number of discussions regarding potential acquisitions to boost the Company's portfolio of mineral assets, including opportunities exploring for copper, gold, and uranium across Tier 1 mining jurisdictions. Whilst terms have not yet been agreed in respect of any of the conversations, the Board remains confident of closing a deal in the near term to both strengthen the Company's licence portfolio and its balance sheet. Antony Legge Non-Executive Chairman DIRECTORS' REPORT The Board of Directors present their report together with the audited annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 of Focus Xplore plc, with registered number 09306219, (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively the "Group"). Principal Activity Information on the Company's activities, future developments and post year end developments is set out in the Chairman's Statement and in the Strategic Report. Names of Directors T he names of the persons who, at any time during the financial year, were directors of the Company and any changes that occurred during the year are on page 3. Provision of information to the auditor Each of the persons who are Directors at the time when this Directors' Report is approved has confirmed that: · So far as that Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware, and · That Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a director in order to be aware of any information needed by the Company's auditors in connection with preparing their report and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. Results and Dividends Results for the year are set out in the Consolidated Income Statement and in the Strategic Report. T here have been no dividends declared or paid during the current financial period (2024: £Nil). Capital Structure As at 31 December 2025, the Company had 3,479,420,573 ordinary shares in issue. All ordinary shares issued have the right to vote, right to receive dividends, a copy of the annual report, and the right to transfer ownership of their shares. Further detail is set out in Note 11 to the Accounts. In addition, the Company had 3,692,085,100 warrants and 82,244,781 options in issue (Note 12 to the Accounts). Significant Shareholdings The Company has been informed that, in addition to the interests of the Directors (as set out later in this report), at 31 December 2025 and at the date of this report, the following shareholders own 3% or more beneficial interest, either direct or indirect, of the issued share capital of the Company, which is considered significant for disclosure purposes in the annual financial statements: Percentage of Issued Share Capital Shareholder 30 June 2026 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 Armstrong Investments Limited 6.89% 6.97% N/A Charlemont Capital Investments SARL & related parties N/A N/A 7.52% Gervais Heddie N/A N/A 3.57% Kibo Energy plc 3.82% 3.86% 8.42% Yakoub Yakoubov 4.29% 3.19% N/A Castle International Holdings Limited 13.85% 14.01% N/A Woodland Capital Limited 6.39% N/A N/A Directors' Interests Directors may own shares in the company as regulated by AIM and the MAR rules, which has a standard share dealing code. The Directors complied to the requirements during the year under review. The interests of the Directors (held directly and indirectly), who held office at the date of approval of the financial statements, in the share capital of the Company are detailed below. Ordinary Shares (held directly and indirectly) Directors 30 June 2026 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 Sean Wade N/A 25,000,000 - Patrick Cullen N/A 45,080,000 - Louis Scheepers N/A 58,872,627 33,872,627 Tinus Maree N/A 68,872,627 43,872,627 James Tosh N/A - - Antony Legge - N/A N/A David Russell 487,500,000 N/A N/A Neil Slade - N/A N/A Warrants (held directly and indirectly) Directors 30 June 2026 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 Sean Wade 1 N/A 118,842,858 - Patrick Cullen N/A 32,580,000 - Louis Scheepers N/A 24,500,000 12,333,333 Tinus Maree N/A 32,500,000 22,333,333 James Tosh 2 N/A 107,142,842 N/A Antony Legge 40,000,000 N/A N/A David Russell 253,750,000 N/A N/A Neil Slade 40,000,000 N/A N/A Notes: 1. 107,842,858 are held through held through Keysford Limited (see Note 20 to the Accounts). 2. 105,000,000 are held through JT Management Group Ltd (see Note 20 to the Accounts). Share Options Directors 30 June 2026 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 Options as % of current issued share capital Sean Wade N/A 25,000,000 25,000,000 1.10% Patrick Cullen N/A 25,000,000 25,000,000 1.10% Louis Scheepers N/A 4,594,478 4,549,478 0.20% Tinus Maree N/A 4,991,165 4,991,165 0.22% James Tosh N/A - - - Antony Legge - N/A N/A N/A David Russell - N/A N/A N/A Neil Slade - N/A N/A N/A Neil Slade and David Russell (through Castle International Limited) contributed £10,000 and £27,500 respectively into the £75,000 convertible loan note that was issued subsequent to year end. For further detail surrounding the ordinary shares, warrants and share options please refer to Notes 12 and 20 of the Accounts. Director's Remuneration Directors 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 Sean Wade (appointed 29 February 2024 / resigned 31 March 2026) £30,000 £33,094 Patrick Cullen (appointed on 4 July 2024 / resigned 31 March 2026) £104,898 £39,320 Louis Scheepers (resigned 2 February 2026) £11,000 £5,206 Tinus Maree (resigned 2 February 2026) £11,000 £5,206 James Tosh (appointed on 23 April 2025 / resigned 9 March 2026)) - - Louis Coetzee (resigned on 28 June 2024) - £8,206 There were no other elements of Director's remuneration incurred in the period, other than the those stated above, namely share options, warrants and cash payments. There have been no other contracts or arrangements of significance during the period in which Directors of the Company, or their related parties, were interested. Information on Directors' Remuneration can also be found in Note 2 to the Accounts. Political and Charitable Donations During the period, the Group made no charitable or political contributions (2024: £ nil). SECR Disclosures SECR reporting is not required since the energy consumption was less than 40 000 kWh during the year under review. Corporate Governance Policy The Board is aware of the importance to conform to its statutory responsibilities and industry good practice in relation to corporate governance of the Group and as a result has adopted the Quoted Companies Alliance Corporate Governance Code (the "QCA Code"). The Company's statement of compliance against the QCA code is set out on pages 19 to 22. Environmental responsibility The Company recognises that its activities require it to have regard to the potential impact that it, its subsidiaries and partners may have on the environment. Where exploration and development works are carried out, care is taken to limit the amount of disturbance and where any remediation works are required, they are carried out as and when required. Internal Audit The Company does not have an internal audit function. Currently the operations of the Group do not warrant an internal audit function, however the Board is assessing the need to establish an internal audit department considering future prospects as the Group's operations increase. During the period the Board has taken responsibility to ensure effective governance, risk management and that the internal control environment is maintained. Health, Safety and Environmental Policy The Group is committed to high standards of Health, Safety and Environmental performance across our business. Our goal is to protect people, minimize harm to the environment, integrate biodiversity considerations and reduce disruption to our neighbouring communities. We seek to achieve continuous improvement in our Health, Safety and Environmental performance. Corporate Social Responsibility Policy The Group's policy is to conduct all our business operations to best industry standards and to behave in a socially responsible manner. Our goal is to behave ethically and with integrity and to respect cultural, national and religious diversity. Governance of IT The Board is responsible for IT governance as an integral part of the Group's governance as a whole. The IT function is not expected to significantly change in the foreseeable future. The Board has the required policies and procedures in place to ensure governance of IT is adhered to. Bribery Act 2010 The Government of the United Kingdom has issued guidelines setting out appropriate procedures for companies to follow to ensure they are compliant with the UK Bribery Act 2010. The Company has conducted a risk review into its operational procedures to consider the impact of the Bribery Act 2010 and has drafted and implemented an anti-bribery policy as adopted by the Board. Auditors The auditors, Crowe U.K. LLP, were re-appointed as the Company's auditors at the last Annual General Meeting and have indicated their willingness to continue in office in accordance with section s475 of the Companies Act 2006. Annual General Meeting Notice of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company together with resolutions relating to the Company's ordinary and special business will be given to the members separately. This report was approved by the Board on 30 June 2026 and signed on its behalf by: David Russell Executive Director STRATEGIC REPORT Principal activities, Strategy and Business Model Focus Xplore PLC is a strategic energy and critical minerals exploration company specialising in the identification and exploration of energy and critical minerals opportunities leading to discovery and development. The Company's commitment to portfolio diversification remains a cornerstone of its strategic vision. The Company is now focused on advancing and developing its projects in Ontario but will also continue to review other exploration and mining opportunities in the region and globally. The objective is two-fold: to mitigate country-specific risk and enhance the existing portfolio in sought after minerals. The Group is in its early stage of development and further information on the development, performance, position or strategy of the Company's business, including a review of the year and the main trends and factors likely to affect the future development, performance and position of the Company's business is set out in the Chairman's Report on page 5 The Company is committed to responsible exploration and delivering shareholder value. Results The result for the year amounted to a total comprehensive loss of £ 640,095 for the year ended 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: total comprehensive loss of £569,153). Financial activities Description 31 December 2025 31 December 2024 Note £ £ Administrative expenses (529,038) (517,045) Foreign exchange losses (100) (3,425) Impairments 6 & 15 (204,086) (5,556) Gain on derecognition of financial liability 17 204,145 - Share in loss in associate 16 - (558) Exploration expenditure (98,348) (53,419) Finance expense (77) (6) Loss for the period (627,504) (580,009) Basic and Diluted loss per share (pence) (0.03) (0.04) The increase in the loss year-on-year, as disclosed in the table above and in the statement of comprehensive income, is mainly due to the increase of administrative expenses and in the exploration expenditure. The £204,086 impairment charge was almost entirely offset by the £204,145 non-cash write back of a financial liability (see Note 17 to the Accounts). Events after the reporting period The Company raised a further £75,000 in March 2026 through the issue of convertible loan notes. This injection of capital was accompanied by changes to the whole board, with Antony Legge, David Russell and Neil Slade replacing Sean Wade and Patrick Cullen. Luis Scheepers, Lukas Maree and James Tosh had resigned earlier in the February and March 2026. Key performance indicators The main financial KPI is the net cash flow of the Company and to ensure that sufficient funds are raised to cover the Company's operating activities and overheads. Since the value of the Company, and hence its ability to raise further funds, is driven by the success of its exploration activities, a secondary key financial KPI is the ratio of exploration expenditure to administrative overheads. The tertiary key financial KPI's at this stage is the loss per share for the period, which is included in the statement of comprehensive income. As and when operational activities increase, management will reconsider the key financial KPI's and update the necessary disclosures accordingly. Non-financial KPI's comprise the measure of advancement towards value milestones with respect to the various exploration projects that underpin the Company's ability to raise the necessary capital for its operations. Principal Risks and Uncertainties The realisation of exploration and evaluation assets is dependent on the discovery and successful development of economic mineral reserves and is subject to a number of significant potential risks summarised as follows: • financial instrument & foreign exchange risk; • strategic risk; • funding risk; • commercial risk; • operational risk; • title risk; • staffing and key personnel risks; • speculative nature of mineral exploration and development; • political stability; • uninsurable risks; • environmental risk; • climate change risk; and • foreign investment risks including increases in taxes, royalties and renegotiation of contracts. These are covered in more detail in the Risk Management Report. Section 172 Report Section 172(1)(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006 requires each director to act in the way he or she considers would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, with regard to the following matters: a. The likely consequences of any decision in the long-term Focus Xplore is a mining exploration and development Company. By their natures mining exploration and development projects are complex, capital intensive, last many years and involve a varied group of stakeholders. As such it is extremely important that the board considers all decisions made by the Company in the context of their long-term impact on the Company. Consequences of such decisions include (but are not limited to) the impact on all stakeholders (with particular care towards local communities), impact on environmental issues in and around project areas and the financial impact on the Company and its ability to function effectively. Focus Xplore is meticulous in its planning, as is required for permitting processes in the mining exploration and development sector. As such, the Company prepares detailed planning documents before initiating any major work programme. Such planning documents assess a variety of factors from community and environmental issues to technical geological and project funding matters. Where appropriate the Company provides copies of these reports on its website ( https://www.focusxplore.com ) or releases excerpts via the London Stock Exchange's Regulatory News Service. b. The interests of the Company's employees The health and safety of Focus Xplore's employees is of paramount concern to the board. It is imperative that Focus Xplore provides a safe and secure working environment for all staff. The Company conducts regular Health & Safety reviews and ensures that any operational plans are subject to rigorous scrutiny in their creation and constant monitoring during their implementation. The Company is a responsible employer in respect to the approach it takes towards employee and contractor pay, benefits and other terms of engagement as it develops. These are constantly reviewed. While the Board is all male at the date of this report, it is committed to fair and equal gender opportunity and fostering diversity, subject to ensuring appointees are appropriately qualified and experienced for their roles. The Group acknowledges that as it expands its operations, it will be to its benefit to align the composition of its Boards and profile of its management and staff to reflect balance in the ethnicity and gender of its personnel. Analysis of gender of Group personnel during reporting period: Male Female Other Board 5 0 0 Management 3 2 0 Employees No direct employees No direct employees No direct employees c. The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others Mining exploration and development projects involve a diverse and varied group of stakeholders. These include (but is not limited to) the Company's employees, government officials, local communities, financial backers, shareholders and other suppliers. The Company adopts a transparent and open stance in its dealings with all stakeholders to help build trust. Mining exploration and development projects can only succeed with the full support of all involved. The board has oversight of the procurement and contract management processes in place and receives regular updates on any matters of significance, as well as approving the awarding of large contracts. The board ensures the Company fully adheres to the Bribery Act 2010 by means of Anti-Corruption & Bribery and Whistle-Blowing policies that is implemented. d. The impact of the Company's operations on the community and environment Mining exploration and development projects can have a significant impact on local communities and the environment. The board constantly reviews the impact of its operations on local communities and the environments. Where required, the Company completes detailed surveying work (such as Environmental Impact Assessments) and, where necessary, applies for relevant permits. Such processes require diligence and concentrated effort. The board ensures it maintains positive relations with local communities, by engaging in local programmes and providing secure employment opportunities. Climate change risk is a global issue that may impact how the Company's operations are run, both today and in the future. Whilst the nature of the Company's operations is early-stage exploration with limited invasive impact there are inherent environmental risks associated with mineral exploration, which may increase as the exploration programme grows. The Board recognise that operating responsibly, which includes minimizing the environmental impact of the Company's operations, is fundamental to its long-term success of the Company. The Board believes that building a better future involves embedding climate awareness throughout the organisation, starting at the top. e. The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct As a listed company, Focus Xplore's reputation for the high standards of its business conduct is paramount. The board makes every effort to ensure it maintains these. The Company is subject to the disclosure requirements of the AIM Rules for Companies and Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Transparency Rules. These comprehensive set of rules enforce a strict discipline upon the Company in terms of the manner, timeliness, subjectivity and content of its public disclosures. Focus Xplore is also required to complete an annual audit. This is a rigorous analysis of the Company's operations and review of the Company's policies. The results of this are published each year in the Company's Annual Report. Focus Xplore also publishes on its website an "AIM 26 Disclosure" ( https://www.focusxplore.com/investors/aim-rule-26/ ), which details much of the manner in which the Company is run. Focus Xplore is committed to corporate governance and adheres to the QCA Corporate Governance Code. The Company's corporate governance statement can be found on pages 19 to 22 of these Reports and Accounts. f. The need to act fairly as between members of the Company As a listed Company, Focus Xplore is committed to treating its shareholders fairly and delivering shareholder value. Focus Xplore is registered in England and Wales and is subject to the Companies Act 2006. The Company is also subject to the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers. The Company's articles of association, which help define some of the actions between the Company and its shareholders, can be found here https://www.focusxplore.com/investors/corporate-documents/ Subsidiary Undertakings Details of the Company's subsidiary undertakings are set out in Note 15 to the annual financial statements. Going Concern The Group is in the business of early-stage exploration for minerals and, as such, has not to date generated any revenue. Nor are there expectations that any revenue will be generated in the next year. Instead, the Group historically has raised funds via equity contributions from new and existing shareholders, thereby ensuring the Group remains a going concern until such time that revenues are earned through the sale or development and mining of a mineral deposit. There can be no assurance that such funds will continue to be available on reasonable terms, or at all in future. The Directors regularly review cash flow requirements to ensure the Group can meet financial obligations as and when they fall due. In performing the going concern assessment, the Board considered various factors, including the availability of cash and cash equivalents, data relating to working capital requirements for the foreseeable future, available information about the future, possible outcomes of planned events, and the responses to such events and conditions that would be available to the Board. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had shareholders' funds of £70,560 (31 December 2024: net liabilities of £325,463). Of this, £70,849 was liquid assets in the form of cash and cash equivalents with no other financial asset balances receivable (2024: £6,549 and £nil). Against this, the Group had trade and other payables of £120,199 (2025: £153,170). Since the year end, the Group raised £75,000 through the issue of convertible loan notes and the cash and cash equivalents at the end of May 2026 stood at £60,098. As an AIM listed entity, the Group has the ability to raise new capital from existing and new investors and as such, and following conversations with the Company's creditors and brokers, the Directors believe that sufficient funds should be available for an appropriate project. The Directors therefore continue to consider it appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis and have not made any adjustments which could arise in the event that the Group is not a going concern. Notwithstanding the above, the Directors acknowledge that, based on current forecasts, the Group and Parent company does not have sufficient cash resources to meet all of its liabilities and finance day-to-day operations for the full twelve-month period following the date of approval of these financial statements. There is therefore a material uncertainty related to the events or conditions described below that may cast significant doubt on the entity's ability to continue as a going concern, and, therefore, that it may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. Please also see the note on Going Concern on page 36. This report was approved by the Board on 30 June 2026 and signed on its behalf by: David Russell Executive Director RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT Risk management is one of the core responsibilities of the Board and it is central to the decision-making process. The Board's fundamental duties as to management are: • Assessing (quantitively and qualitatively) the principal risks to the Company. Principal risks are those risks or combination of risks that could seriously affect the performance, future prospects or reputation of the Company; • Recognising and assessing emerging risks. Emerging risks are those which have not yet occurred but are at an early stage and anticipated to increase in significance over the medium to long term time horizon; and • Risk management oversight and promotion of a risk mitigation culture. • Risk management is designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Company's business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Directors have carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks facing the Company, including those that threaten its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity. They consider that the following are the principal risk factors that could materially and adversely affect the Company's future operating results or financial position. Financial instrument and foreign exchange risk The Company and Group are exposed to risks arising from financial instruments held and foreign exchange transactions entered into throughout the period. These are discussed in Note 18 to the Annual Financial Statements. Strategic risk Significant and increasing competition exists for mineral acquisition opportunities throughout the world. As a result of this competition, the Group may be unable to acquire rights to exploit additional attractive mining properties on terms it considers acceptable. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Group will acquire any interest in additional operations that would yield reserves or result in commercial mining operations. The Company expects to undertake sufficient due diligence where warranted to help ensure opportunities are subjected to proper evaluation. Funding risk In the past the Group has raised funds via equity contributions from new and existing shareholders, thereby ensuring the Group remains a going concern until such time that revenues are earned through the sale or development and mining of a mineral deposit. There can be no assurance that such funds will continue to be available on reasonable terms, or at all in future. The Directors regularly review cash flow requirements to ensure the Group can meet financial obligations as and when they fall due. For further related disclosure refer to the going concern evaluation in the Directors' report. It includes the evaluation of the going concern assumption due to the funding risk. The section discloses the information that has been taken into account, and how the risks were evaluated and mitigated. Commercial risk The mining industry is competitive and there is no assurance that, even if commercial quantities of minerals are discovered, a profitable market will exist for the sale of such minerals. There can be no assurance that the quality of the minerals will be such that the Group properties can be mined at a profit. Factors beyond the control of the Group may affect the marketability of any minerals discovered. Mineral prices are subject to volatile price changes from a variety of factors including international economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, global and regional demand, currency exchange fluctuations, interest rates and global or regional consumption patterns, speculative activities and increased production due to improved mining and production methods. Ultimately, the Group expects that prior to a development decision, a project would be the subject of a feasibility analysis to ensure there exists an appropriate level of confidence in its economic viability. Operational risk Mining operations are subject to hazards normally encountered in exploration, development and production. These include unexpected geological formations, rock falls, flooding, dam wall failure and other incidents or conditions which could result in damage to plant or equipment or the environment and which could impact any future production throughout. Although it is intended to take adequate precautions to minimise risk, there is a possibility of a material adverse impact on the Group's operations and its financial results. The Company will develop and maintain policies appropriate to the stage of development of its various projects. Title Risks The interests of the Company are in some circumstances subject to licence and contractual requirements, which include, inter alia, certain financial commitments which, if not fulfilled, could result in the suspension or ultimate forfeiture of the relevant licences or of the Company's interests in prospects. Government action, which could include non-renewal of licences, may result in any income potentially receivable by the Company in the future or licences held by the Company being adversely affected. In particular, changes in the application or interpretation of mining and exploration laws and/or taxation provisions, could adversely affect the value of the Company's interests. If a licence is not renewed or granted, the Company may suffer significant damage through loss of the opportunity to develop and discover any resources on that licence area. Staffing and Key Personnel Risks Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel is critical to the Group's success. The number of persons skilled in the acquisition, exploration and development of mining properties is limited and competition for such persons is intense. While the Company has good relations with its employees, these relations may be impacted by changes in the scheme of labour relations which may be introduced by the relevant governmental authorities. Adverse changes in such legislation may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. Staff are encouraged to discuss with management matters of interest to the employees and subjects affecting day-to-day operations of the Group. Speculative Nature of Mineral Exploration and Development In addition to the above there can be no assurance that the current exploration programmes will result in profitable mining operations. The recoverability of the carrying value of exploration and evaluation assets is dependent on the successful discovery of economically recoverable reserves, the achievement of profitable operations, and the ability of the Group to raise additional financing, if necessary, or alternatively upon the Company's ability to dispose of its interests on an advantageous basis. Changes in market conditions could require material write downs of the carrying value of the Group's assets. Development of the Group's mineral exploration properties is, amongst others, contingent upon obtaining satisfactory exploration results and securing additional adequate funding. Mineral exploration and development involves substantial expenditure and a high degree of risk, which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to adequately mitigate. The degree of risk reduces substantially when a Group's properties move from the exploration phase to the development phase. The discovery of mineral deposits is dependent upon a number of factors including the technical skill of the exploration personnel involved. The commercial viability of a mineral deposit, once discovered, is also dependent upon a number of factors, including the size, grade and proximity to infrastructure, metal prices and government regulations, including regulations relating to royalties, allowable production, importing and exporting of minerals, and environmental protection. In addition, several years can elapse from the initial phase of drilling until commercial operations are commenced. Political Stability The Company is conducting its activities in Ontario, Canada. The Directors believe that the Government of Ontario supports the development of natural resources by foreign investors and the Directors actively monitor the situation on an ongoing basis. However, there is no assurance that future political and economic conditions in Ontario will not result in the respective governments adopting different policies regarding foreign development and ownership of mineral resources. Any changes in policy affecting ownership of assets, taxation, rates of exchange, environmental protection, labour relations, repatriation of income and return of capital, may affect the Company's ability to develop the projects. Uninsurable Risks The Group may become subject to liability for accidents, pollution and other hazards against which it cannot insure or against which it may elect not to insure because of prohibitive premium costs or for other reasons, such as amounts which exceed policy limits. Environmental Risk There may also be unforeseen environmental liabilities resulting from both the future and/or historic exploration or mining activities, which may be costly to remedy. In addition, potential environmental liabilities as a result of unfulfilled environmental obligations by the previous owners may impact the Company. Environmental management systems are in place to mitigate environmental hazard risks. The Company uses advisors with specialist knowledge in mining and related environmental management for reducing the impacts of environmental risk. Climate Change Risk Climate change and associated legislation or regulatory actions to reduce its impact may affect the Company's suppliers and business model, and consequently may affect its operations and growth. This impact could be amplified by the perception that the Company is undertaking activities that are harmful to the environment. Foreign investment risks including increases in taxes, royalties and renegotiation of contracts The Group is subject to risk arising from the ever-changing economic environment in which its subsidiaries operate, mainly driven by the changing regulatory environment governing corporate taxation, transfer pricing and other investment related operational activities. The Group continues to re-assess its investment decisions in order to limit exposure to the ever-changing regulatory environment in which it operates. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Our Company is dedicated to upholding a high standard of corporate governance. As Chairman, it remains my responsibility, working with my fellow Board members, to ensure that good standards of corporate governance are encompassed throughout the Company. As a Board, we set clear expectations regarding our culture, values and behaviours. We firmly believe that by encouraging the right way of thinking and behaving across all our people, our corporate governance culture is reinforced, enabling us to conduct business sustainably, responsibly and deliver value for our shareholders. It is the Board's role to ensure that the Group is managed for the long-term benefit of all shareholders, with effective and efficient decision-making. Corporate governance is an important part of that role, reducing risk and adding value to our business. The Company has adopted the Quoted Companies Alliance Corporate Governance Code (the "QCA Code"). This statement sets out how the Company complies with, and where relevant departures from, the 10 principles of the QCA Code. 1. Establish a purpose, strategy and business model which promote long-term value for shareholders Focus Xplore PLC's commitment to portfolio diversification remains a cornerstone of its strategic vision. The Company is now focused on advancing and developing its projects in Ontario but will also continue to review other exploration and mining opportunities in the region and globally. The objective is two-fold: to mitigate country-specific risk and enhance the existing portfolio in sought after minerals. The majority of the Company's resources will be used to fund the continued development of the Company's projects. The Board sets the Company's strategy and monitors its implementation through management and financial performance reviews. It also works to ensure that adequate resources are available to implement strategy in a timely manner. The Company has set out a strategy and business model to promote long-term value for shareholders and will update all shareholders on this in the annual reports for each year. The Board identifies and evaluates key challenges and appropriately manages these challenges. Among others, challenges faced by the Company include raising sufficient funding for projects identified in the region, market competitiveness, the quality of mineral resources that are identified during exploration, and economic viability of projects. The Board meets on a regular basis to discuss the strategic direction of the Company and any significant deviation or change will be highlighted promptly should this occur. 2. Promote a corporate culture that is based on ethical values and behaviour The Company operates a corporate culture that is based on ethical values and behaviours. It does maintain a quality system appropriate to the standards required for a Company of its size. The Board communicates regularly with staff through meetings and messages. The culture is consistent with the company's objectives, strategy and business model per the strategic report by way of regular assessment and strategic direction by the Board. The Company also has a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, details of which can be found in the Directors' Report. 3. Understanding and meeting shareholder needs and expectations The Company is committed to listening to, and communicating openly with, its shareholders to ensure its strategy, business model and performance are clearly understood. The Company regards the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") as a good opportunity to communicate directly with shareholders via an open question-and-answer session. The Board, led by the Non-Executive Chairman, is also responsible for understanding and meeting shareholder needs and expectations. Due to the size of the Company, there is no dedicated investor relations department and the Non-Executive Chairman is responsible for reviewing all communications received from investors and will determine the most appropriate response. In addition, the Company's progress on achieving its key targets is regularly communicated to investors via presentations and through its announcements to the market which can be at www.focusxplore.com . The Company also utilises professional advisers such as the Company's NOMAD, Broker, investor relations advisers, professional accounting consultants and the Company Secretary who provide advice and recommendations on shareholder communication. Contact details are provided on the Company's website and within public documents should shareholders wish to communicate with the company. 4. Taking into account wider stakeholder and social responsibilities and their implications for long-term success The Board believes its main stakeholders are its investors, employees, suppliers, consultants and members of local communities where the Company undertakes development activities. The Board is committed to understanding the requirements and needs of its various stakeholders, and meetings are regularly held by management to discuss engagement and feedback. The Board, led by the Non-Executive Chairman, is also responsible for fostering and improving open communication and contact with relevant stakeholders of the Group. The business model identifies key resources and relationships on which the business relies by way of the Board's relevant experience, strategic direction and regular assessment. The Board, led by the Non-Executive Chairman, obtains feedback from stakeholders via various channels, most notably stakeholder engagements and its AGM, and any required relevant actions are then formulated and implemented accordingly. To contact the Company, stakeholders can request further information at info@focusxplore.com . 5. Embedding effective risk management , considering both opportunities and threats, throughout the organisation The Board, supported by the Audit & Risk Committee, regularly reviews the risks facing the business and the internal controls which are in place to address risks. In order to support its duties and responsibilities the Board implements control procedures that assess and manage risk and ensure robust financial and operational management within the Company. A summary of the principal risks to which the Company is exposed can be found on pages 16 to 18 within this Company's annual report The Audit & Risk Committee is tasked with identifying, analysing and reporting on risk during the financial period, nevertheless it is also part of the everyday function of the Directors and is managed at Board level too. The Audit & Risk Committee is also responsible for assessing the external auditor's independence. Accepting that no systems of control can provide absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, the Directors believe that the established systems for internal control within the Company are appropriate to the business. 6. Maintaining a balanced and well-functioning Board The Board currently comprises a Non-Executive Chairman, an Executive Director and one Non-Executive Director. Each Director's biographical details, along with a description of their role, experience and independence, can be found on page 3. The Board has a diverse range of skills, experience and personal qualities that help deliver the strategy of the Company. The Company will ensure that, between them, the Directors have the necessary up-to-date experience, skills and capabilities to deliver the Company's strategy and targets and in tends to appoint an additional director with relevant mining expertise as soon as practicable . There is currently no set time commitment for any director with each director expected to devote such time as is necessary for the proper performance of their duties Directors' Meetings The Company held the following Board and Committee meetings during the reporting period and the number of such meetings attended by each of the Directors of the Company were as follows: Name Plc Board Audit and Risk Committee Remuneration Committee Sean Wade 10/10 1/1 0/0 Patrick Cullen 10/10 1/1 0/0 Louis Scheepers 6/10 0/1 0/0 Tinus Maree 5/10 0/1 0/0 James Tosh 3/3 0/0 0/0 7. Maintain appropriate governance structures and ensure that individually and collectively the directors have the necessary up-to-date experience, skills and capabilities The Board acknowledge their responsibility for, and recognise the importance of implementing and maintaining, high standards of corporate governance. Every Director is responsible for ensuring that appropriate governance procedures are adhered to and there is a clear division of responsibilities at Board level to ensure a balance of power and authority so that no one individual has unfettered powers of decision making. The Directors are entitled, in consultation with the Chairman, to seek independent professional advice about the affairs of the Company, at the Company's expense. The Board sets the direction for the Company through a formal schedule of matters reserved for its decision. including Group strategy, approval of major capital expenditure projects, approval of the annual report and interim results, annual budgets, dividend policy and Board structure. It monitors the exposure to key business risks and reviews the strategic direction of all trading subsidiaries, their annual budgets, their performance in relation to those budgets and their capital expenditure. The Board delegates day-to-day responsibility for managing the business to the Non-Executive Chairman and the senior management team. Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee consists of Neil Slade and Antony Legge, with Neil Slade as Chairman. The Audit and Risk Committee has set out its roles and responsibilities within its charter to ensure it is aligned to good financial governance principles. These include: · annually reviewing the expertise, appropriateness and experience of the finance function; · monitoring the integrity of the Group's integrated reporting and all factors and risks that may impact on reporting; · guiding the audit approach, as well as its modus operandi and the rules that govern the audit relationship; · assessing the external auditor's independence and determining their remuneration and annually nominating the external auditors for appointment by the shareholders; · compliance with ongoing legal requirements and accounting standards and reviewing developments in governance and best practice; · reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's internal control and risk management systems and overseeing the process for managing risks across the Group, and · fostering and improving open communication and contact with relevant stakeholders of the Group; and The Audit and Risk Committee further sets the principles for recommending the external auditors for non-audit services and is expected to meet twice during the year to, inter alia, review the published financial information. The ultimate responsibility for reviewing and approving the annual report and accounts and the half-yearly reports, remains with the Board of Directors as a whole. Remuneration Committee The members of the Remuneration Committee are Antony Legge and Neil Slade and is chaired by Antony Legge. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the assessment and approval of a Board remuneration strategy for the Group. This includes recommending short-term, medium-term and long-term remuneration packages for the Executive Directors. and any applicable senior executives of the Company; determining and monitoring policy on and setting levels of remuneration, contracts of employment, early termination, performance-related pay, pension arrangements, reporting and disclosure, share schemes and remuneration consultants. The Remuneration Committee did not meet during the year to 31 December 2025. Further information on the Directors' Remuneration for the year can be found on page 10 and in Note 2 to the Accounts. Nominations Committee Due to the size of the Board, Nomination Committee matters are dealt with by the Board as a whole. The Board is responsible for considering and approving appointments to the Board. It is also responsible for keeping the structure, size and composition of the Board under regular review and for making recommendations to the Board with regard to any changes necessary, as well as succession planning, taking into account the skills and expertise that will be needed on the Board in the future 8. Evaluating Board performance Given the Company's current size and the recent changes to the Board, the Board has not considered it necessary to undertake an assessment of the Board performance and effectiveness. 9. Establish a remuneration policy which is supportive of long-term value creation and the company's purpose, strategy and culture Given the need to manage costs, the current directors are all working on minimal salaries, with a grant to warrants, for which payment is being deferred until further funds are raised as set out below: Director Role Annual Fees Warrants 1 Antony Legge Non-executive Chairman £18,000 £10,000 David Russell Executive Director £30,000 £10,000 Neil Slade Non-executive Director £12,000 £10,000 1. The Warrants have been issued on the same terms as those attached to the £75,000 of Convertible loan Notes issued in March 2026. Once the Board has completed its strategic review, the Nominations Committee will meet to determine a package appropriate for the long-term direction and strategy of the Group. 10. Communicate how the company is governed and is performing by maintaining a dialogue with shareholders and other relevant stakeholder s The Company values the views of its shareholders and recognises their interest in the Group's strategy and performance. Under AIM rule 26 the Company publishes all regulatory announcements, annual reports, notices of meetings and other publications, which can be found on the Company's website www.focusxplore.com . The Annual General Meeting is used to communicate with private investors, and they are encouraged to participate with the Directors available to answer questions. Separate resolutions will be proposed on each issue so that they can be given proper consideration and there will be a resolution to approve the annual report and accounts. In regard to other general meetings of the Company, the results of such meeting are released through a regulatory news service and a copy of the announcement is posted on the Company's website once the meeting has concluded. If it became relevant an explanation of actions where a significant proportion of votes (e.g. 20% of independent votes) is cast against a resolution would be provided. The Board has not published Audit Committee or Remuneration Committee reports in the Company's latest annual report and accounts. The Board feels that this is appropriate given the size and stage of development of the Company. This report was approved by the Board on 30 June 2026 and signed on its behalf by: Antony Legge Chairman STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected to prepare the Group and Company financial statements in accordance with the UK adopted International Accounting standards. Under Company law, the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and profit or loss of the Group and parent Company for that period. In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are required to: · select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; · make judgments and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; · State whether the Group and Company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards; and · Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis, unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and parent Company will continue in business. The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. They are further responsible for ensuring that the Strategic Report and the Report of the Directors and other information included in the Annual Report and Financial Statements is prepared in accordance with applicable law in the United Kingdom. The maintenance and integrity of the Focus Xplore plc website is the responsibility of the Directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve the consideration of these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred in the accounts since they were initially presented on the website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of the accounts and the other information included in annual reports may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: · the Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting standards, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Group; · the Directors' report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face. By Order of the Board David Russell Executive Director INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Focus Xplore Plc Opinion We have audited the financial statements of Focus Xplore plc (the "Parent Company") and its subsidiaries (the "Group") for the year ended 31 December 2025, which comprise: · the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025; · the Consolidated and Parent Company statements of financial position as at 31 December 2025; · the Consolidated and Parent Company statements of changes in equity for the year then ended; · the Consolidated and Parent Company statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and · the notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the financial statements is applicable law and UK-adopted international accounting standards. In our opinion the financial statements : · give a true and fair view of the state of the Group's and of the Parent Company's affairs as at 31 December 2025 and of the Group's loss for the period then ended; · have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; · have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and the Parent Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Material uncertainty related to going concern We draw attention to the section headed Going Concern on page 40 of the financial statements, which indicates that the Group is non-revenue generating was in a net asset position of £70,560 at the year end. The Directors have reviewed the cash flow forecasts and have concluded that the Group and Parent Company will require additional funding to meet its liabilities and finance its day-to-day operations. There is no guarantee that sufficient cash inflows from equity fundraising, or other sources, will be forthcoming in the timeframe required. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on the Group and Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. Our evaluation of the directors' assessment of the Group's and Parent Company's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included: · Reviewing the directors' going concern assessment including the cash flow forecast that covers at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements. · Evaluating the reliability of the data underpinning the forecast cash flows including numerical accuracy of calculations. · Assessing the appropriateness of the approach, assumptions and arithmetic accuracy of the model used by the directors when performing their going concern assessment. · Assessing the cash flow requirements of the Group and Parent Company based on forecasts, including understanding what forecast expenditure is committed and what could be considered discretionary. · Considering the liquidity of existing assets of the statement of financial position, in terms of how quickly these can be converted to meet current liabilities as they become due. · Considering the options available to management for further fundraising and their likelihood, or additional sources of finance and challenged the probability of realising these sources by considering past fundraises. · Considering potential downside scenarios and the resultant impact on available funds. · Discussing with the directors and with the Parent Company's capital markets advisers how the directors intend to raise the funds necessary to continue as a going concern in the required timeframe. · Evaluating whether creditors will be willing to take equity in lieu of cash. · Making enquiries of the directors as to their knowledge of events or conditions beyond the period of their assessment that may cast significant doubt on the Group and Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this report. Overview of our audit approach Materiality In planning and performing our audit we applied the concept of materiality. An item is considered material if it could reasonably be expected to change the economic decisions of a user of the financial statements. We used the concept of materiality to both focus our testing and to evaluate the impact of misstatements identified. Based on our professional judgement, we determined overall materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole to be £47,800 (2024 £27,000), based on approximately 5% of the draft Group loss as the most appropriate measure of performance. Materiality for the Parent Company financial statements as a whole was set at £39,800 (2024: £19,000) based on approximately 5% of the draft loss. In assessing materiality, both the group and parent company loss were adjusted for the effect of the gain on derecognition of the financial liability, which is non-recurring. We concluded that the materiality assessments made at the planning stage remain appropriate and no revisions were necessary at the completion stage. We use a different level of materiality ('performance materiality') to determine the extent of our testing for the audit of the financial statements. Performance materiality is set based on the audit materiality as adjusted for the judgements made as to the entity risk and our evaluation of the specific risk of each audit area having regard to the internal control environment. This is set at £33,500 (2024: £18,900) for the group and £27,900 (2024: £13,300) for the parent. Where considered appropriate performance materiality may be reduced to a lower level, such as, for related party transactions and directors' remuneration. We agreed with the Audit and Risk Committee to report to it all identified errors in excess of £2,400 (2024: £1,350). Errors below that threshold would also be reported to it if, in our opinion as auditor, disclosure was required on qualitative grounds. Overview of the scope of our audit Our Group audit was scoped by obtaining an understanding of the Group and its environment, including the Group's system of internal control, and assessing the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. We also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including assessing whether there was evidence of bias by the Directors that may have represented a risk of material misstatement. The Group operates in five jurisdictions: the UK, Cyprus, Tanzania, South Africa and Canada. We performed a detailed scoping exercise of each individual account balance, class of transaction and disclosure at a Group level to determine the individual legal entities' contribution to each significant account in the Group financial statements. This has resulted in certain individual legal entities being subject to audit procedures through either an audit of the entire financial information, audit procedures on specified account balances or being subject to specified procedures. We conducted the audit procedures from the UK and did not engage component auditors. The audit approach in the current year remained largely consistent with the prior year audit due to the consistent nature of business operations. Key Audit Matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those which had the greatest effect on the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Material uncertainty related to going concern section, we have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit Key audit matter How the scope of our audit addressed the key audit matter Carrying value of exploration and evaluation assets (Note 6) and Investments in subsidiaries (Company only) (Note 15) During the year ended 31 December 2025, Focus Xplore acquired 100% of 31 Explore Ltd, which has been treated an asset acquisition. There is a risk that the carrying value of the exploration and evaluation assets is not recoverable as at 31 December 2025. The carrying value of the investments in subsidiaries in the parent company is also intrinsically linked to the carrying value of the exploration and evaluation assets. We assessed whether there were any indicators of impairment and challenged management thereon. In considering our assessment of impairment indicator, we reviewed the following sources of evidence: • board minutes, budgets and other operational plans setting out the Group's current plans for the continued commercial appraisal of the mining development assets; • status and validity of the licenses; • assessment reports to support continued mapping and sampling of various projects by consulting Geologists in order to prove the existence of lithium-cesium-tantalum resources; • current plans and intentions for the assets with management including plans to renew licenses. We evaluated the competence of Competent Persons (Consulting Geologists) used in the preparation of the assessment reports. We assessed whether the disclosures in relation to the relevant areas of the financial statements were appropriate and in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards. As a result of the above audit procedures, it was concluded that a partial impairment to the carrying value of exploration and evaluation assets and the investment in subsidiaries was required. Our audit procedures in relation to these matters were designed in the context of our audit opinion as a whole. They were not designed to enable us to express an opinion on these matters individually and we express no such opinion. Other information The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Companies Act 2006 In our opinion based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit · the information given in the strategic report and the directors' report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and · the strategic report and the directors' report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Matters on which we are required to report by exception In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Parent Company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors' report. We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: · adequate accounting records have not been kept by the parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or · the parent company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or · certain disclosures of directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or · we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit. Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements As explained more fully in the statement of directors' responsibilities set out on page 23, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satis

[truncated]