Update on 31 Explore Ltd Portfolio Katoro Gold PLC 18 February 2025 18 February 2025 Katoro Gold PLC ('Katoro' or the ' Company ') Update on 31 Explore Ltd Portfolio Pearl Lithium Project claims expanded to encompass multiple prospective targets interpreted through LiDAR Katoro Gold PLC (AIM: KAT), the strategic energy and precious minerals exploration and development company, is pleased to share an update relating to the Company's recently proposed 100% acquisition of 31 Explore Ltd ("31 Explore") and its entire critical minerals claims portfolio in Ontario, Canada following the Conditional Equity Financing and Strategic Expansion announcement of 10 February 2025 1 . The announced placing is conditional on approval on various resolutions to be put to Shareholders at a Katoro General Meeting to be 28 February 2025 2 . 31 Explore has, in consultation with Katoro, staked additional claims contiguous to the Pearl Lithium Project ('Pearl' or the 'Project') resulting in an expansion to the west to encompass recently interpreted geological features which are prospective for mineralisation of critical minerals. The existing heads of terms agreement between the parties is unaffected by this additional staking. HIGHLIGHTS · Expansion of the Pearl Lithium Project from 880 hectares (8.8km 2 ) to 1,475 hectares; · New interpretation over unmapped areas reveals exploration opportunity; · Follows technical and strategic collaboration between Katoro and 31 Explore; and · No change to acquisition consideration. Patrick Cullen, Chief Executive Officer of Katoro, commented: "The claim package expansion at Pearl is the result of the ongoing technical and strategic collaboration between Katoro and 31 Explore. The heads of terms of agreement between the parties remains unchanged and there will be no impact on the previously announced consideration. 31 Explore have completed this staking in consultation with Katoro to maximise the exploration opportunity at Pearl rather than wait and risk these claims being staked by others. Mapping of the district by the Ontario Geological Survey in the 1960s shows pegmatites are present, but the mapping only extended as far as the northern margin of the Project; more recently acquired geochemical and remotely sensed data underscores the technical merits of the initial staking and further investigation and interpretation supports this expansion . I look forward to communicating further detailed information relating to Pearl and the other projects in the portfolio as we proceed past the upcoming General Meeting and into the Spring field season." PEARL LITHIUM PROJECT The original Pearl Lithium Project was made up of 43 Single Cell Mining Claims ("claims") covering a total area of 880 hectares. This has now been expanded to the west for a total of 72 claims with an area of 1,475 hectares. The claim boundaries and expanded area are shown below in Figure 1. along with other information supporting the exploration opportunity, namely mapped pegmatites, anomalous lithium values in lake sediment samples and inferred pegmatites following interpretation of available LiDAR data 3 . Figure 1. Claim boundaries, background data and interpretation The Project is situated on the north of the large (60km 2 ) Bluffy Lake batholith, where partial mapping by the Ontario Geological Survey identified five pegmatite outcrops in 1967 4 . The majority of the Project area remains unmapped and no sampling of the pegmatites was reported. The regional location of Pearl is a noted lithium district, within the English River Sub-province, and around 6km south of the boundary with the Uchi sub-province. Such major terrane boundaries are controlled by deep seated structures that divide pieces of Archean crust and can focus the locations of fertile peraluminous granites; these granites are amicable to the generation of lithium-caesium-tantalum ("LCT") pegmatites, such as present at Green Technology Metal's Root Project 5 which hosts an Inferred Mineral Resource estimate of 14.6Mt @ 1.21% Li 2 O, 74km to the east of Pearl along the sub-province boundary trend. The Ontario Geological Survey has sampled and assayed lake sediments in and around the Pearl area 4 for a suite of elements. Three lakes in the centre and east of Pearl were identified by 31 Explore as being anomalous and highly anomalous for elements associated with LCT pegmatites, in comparison to over 3,000 lake sediment samples across the wider region 6 . The recently expanded portion of the Project does not host any lakes and thus contains no lake sediment data. A recent technical review by Katoro and 31 Explore of LiDAR data 3 available through the Ontario GeoHub indicates geological features which are consistent with pegmatites which are prospective for lithium-bearing mineralisation. REFERENCES 1: Katoro Gold PLC, 10 February 2025, RNS: Conditional Equity Financing and Strategic Expansion , < https://polaris.brighterir.com/public/katoro_gold/news/rns/story/w97o21x >. 2: Katoro Gold PLC, 11 February 2025, RNS: Notice of GM , < https://polaris.brighterir.com/public/katoro_gold/news/rns/story/w18pl3x >. 3: Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry, accessed 14 February 2025, Forest Resources Inventory leaf-on LiDAR, Ontario GeoHub <https://geohub.lio.gov.on.ca/>. 4: Fenwick, K.G., 1967, Whitemud Lake area (Fredart-Whitemud lakes area), District of Kenora (Patricia Portion), Ontario Geological Survey, NTS Number: 52K15. 5: Green Technology Minerals, 2025, Root Project , accessed 14 February 2025 < https://www.greentm.com.au/root-project/>. 6: Ontario Geological Survey, 2001, Lake Sediment Analytical Data for the Sioux Lookout-Bamaji Lake Area: Operation Treasure Hunt, MRD088; Ontario Geological Survey, 2002, Lake Sediment Geochemical Data from the Perrault Falls Survey Area, Northwestern Ontario: Operation Treasure Hunt, MRD106. QUALIFIED PERSON STATEMENT The technical information contained in this disclosure has been reviewed and approved by Mr Nick O'Reilly (MSc, DIC, MIMMM QMR, MAusIMM, FGS), who is a qualified geologist and acts as the Qualified Person under the AIM Rules - Note for Mining and Oil & Gas Companies. Mr O'Reilly is a principal consultant working for Mining Analyst Consulting Ltd which is providing independent technical review to Katoro Gold PLC. GLOSSARY Pegmatite - igneous rock with a very coarse, irregular texture that forms during the final stage of a magma's crystallisation. LiDAR - Light Detection and Ranging is a remote sensing method that uses light in the form of a pulsed laser to measure ranges (variable distances) commonly used to generate precise, three-dimensional information of the elevation of the Earth's surface. Batholith - a type of igneous rock that forms when magma rises into the earth's crust but does not erupt onto the surface. Terrane boundary - is a geologic fault or suture zone that separates distinct crustal blocks or terranes with different geologic histories, often marking past tectonic collisions and ancient mountain belts. They act as major weaknesses in the earth's crust which allows for the movement of magma from deep within the earth. Fertile peraluminous granite - is a silica-rich, aluminium-saturated intrusive rock with more aluminium than other granites, and often enriched and associated with mineralisation that includes rare-metal, tin-tungsten deposits and lithium-bearing pegmatites This announcement contains inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulations (EU) no. 596/2014. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@katorogold.com Katoro Gold PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Nick Emerson Sam Lomanto +44 (0) 1483 413 500 SI Capital Ltd Corporate Broker Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Joint Corporate Broker Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and