Notice of GM Katoro Gold PLC 11 February 2025 11 February 2025 Katoro Gold PLC ('Katoro' or the 'Company') Notice of General Meeting and Change of Registered Office Katoro Gold PLC (AIM: KAT), the strategic energy and precious minerals exploration and development company, announces that, further to the announcement made on 10 February 2025, it will be posting a notice of a general meeting (the " General Meeting ") to shareholders today. The General Meeting will be held at 10.00 a.m. on 28 February 2025 at Arch Law Limited, Servcorp, Level 1, Devonshire House, One Mayfair Place, W1J 8AJ, London. The Company is seeking shareholder approval to subdivide its share capital (the "Sub-division") and to increase its authorities to issue and allot shares. The proposed Sub-division will result in each of the existing Ordinary Shares of 0.1p each ("Existing Ordinary Share(s)") being subdivided into one Deferred Share of 0.09p each and one Ordinary Share of 0.01p each ("New Ordinary Share(s)"); therefore Shareholders will retain the same number of shares held prior to the General Meeting, it is simply the par value that will change. Existing share certificates will remain valid. In addition, the Company will also be seeking shareholder approval that the Articles of Association be amended to allow the Company to change its name via a resolution of the Board of Directors. A copy of the notice and form of proxy will be available to download from the Company's website at www.katorogold.com under the 'Investors' section. The Company also announces that it has moved its registered office to c/o Arch Law Limited, Huckletree Bishopsgate, 8 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4BQ. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@katorogold.com Katoro Gold PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Nick Emerson Sam Lomanto +44 (0) 1483 413 500 SI Capital Ltd Corporate Broker Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Joint Corporate Broker Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Pinewood Technologies Group 2 hours ago Cropper (James) 3 hours ago Keller Group 4 hours ago IWG 4 hours ago Ultimate Products All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and