Exploration Program Update Focus Xplore PLC 22 April 2025 22 April 2025 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the ' Company ') Exploration Program Update Exploration consultants appointed for upcoming programs at Iva, Ellie, Bay Road and Oba Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company, is pleased to provide an update regarding upcoming exploration programs this Spring in Ontario, Canada. Fladgate Exploration Consulting Corporation ("Fladgate") has been appointed to complete the initial phase of exploration activities, including mapping and sampling, at the Company's Iva, Ellie and Oba lithium projects and at its Bay Road rare earth element project. Exploration will commence as soon as access allows but is scheduled to begin by mid-May latest. Planning for the remaining projects in the Company's portfolio across Northwest Ontario is ongoing, with proposals currently under review. Patrick Cullen, Chief Executive Officer of Focus Xplore, commented: "Focus Xplore are looking forward to a busy first phase of exploration this Spring and throughout the year and we are pleased to have appointed the team at Fladgate. They are based in Thunder Bay, just 170 kilometres east of the Iva Lithium Project, which is likely to be among the first projects we gain access to as the snow melts. We look forward to getting started as soon as possible." ABOUT FLADGATE Fladgate Exploration Consulting Corporation is a full-service mineral exploration consulting group, established in Thunder Bay, Ontario since 2007. Fladgate offers all levels of implementation and project management, with the expertise and skill sets in geology, logistics, camp building and GIS to deliver successful exploration from project evaluation through to resource estimation. **ENDS** Enquiries: Patrick Cullen info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC Chief Executive Officer James Biddle Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore plc X: @focusXplore About Reach announcements This is a Reach announcement. Reach is an investor communication service aimed at assisting listed and unlisted (including AIM quoted) companies to distribute media only / non-regulatory news releases into the public domain. Information required to be notified under the AIM Rules for Companies, Market Abuse Regulation or other regulation would be disseminated as an RNS regulatory announcement and not on Reach. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and