BETA Close X Focus Xplore PLC has announced the posting of its Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) to shareholders, with the meeting scheduled for 3:00 PM on August 6, 2026, at Huckletree Floor 2, 8 Bishopsgate, London. The company, listed on AIM under ticker FOX, is involved in strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development. The announcement also confirms that the company's issued share capital prior to Admission consists of 3,519,420,573 ordinary shares with no restrictions on transfer. Disclaimer* Focus Xplore PLC 13 July 2026 2.00pm 13 July 2026 Focus Xplore PLC ('Focus Xplore' or the 'Company') Posting of Notice of Annual General Meeting ("AGM") Focus Xplore PLC (AIM: FOX), the strategic energy and critical minerals exploration and development company , announces that its Notice of AGM has today been posted to shareholders and is also available on the Company's website at https://www.focusxplore.com . The Annual General Meeting will be held at the offices of Arch Law, Huckletree Floor 2, 8 Bishopsgate London, EC2N 4BQ at 3.00pm on 6 August 2026. **ENDS** Enquiries: Antony Legge info@focusXplore.com Focus Xplore PLC - Non-Executive Chairman James Biddle / Roland Cornish +44 (0) 207 628 3396 Beaumont Cornish Limited - Nominated Adviser Jason Robertson +44 (0) 207 374 2212 First Equity Limited - Corporate Broker Corporate Website: www.focusXplore.com LinkedIn: Focus Xplore PLC X: @focusXplore Beaumont Cornish Limited ("Beaumont Cornish") is the Company's Nominated Adviser and is authorised and regulated by the FCA. Beaumont Cornish's responsibilities as the Company's Nominated Adviser, including a responsibility to advise and guide the Company on its responsibilities under the AIM Rules for Companies and AIM Rules for Nominated Advisers, are owed solely to the London Stock Exchange. Beaumont Cornish is not acting for and will not be responsible to any other persons for providing protections afforded to customers of Beaumont Cornish nor for advising them in relation to the proposed arrangements described in this announcement or any matter referred to in it. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU No. 596/2014) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The Company's issued share capital prior to Admission consists of 3,519,420,573 ordinary shares (there are no treasury shares). There are no restrictions on the transfer of the Company's ordinary shares. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Focus Xplore PLC (FOX) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago British American Tobacco 1 day ago Mitie Group 1 day ago Marks & Spencer Group 1 day ago Hammerson 1 day ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and