Mapletree’s MPACT Selling Offices to City University Hong Kong - Mingtiandi Mingtiandi Asia Pacific real estate investment news and information Facebook LinkedIn RSS Twitter SUBSCRIBE / LOGIN Email Password Log in Remember Me Lost your password? Register Now Capital Markets Events Mingtiandi 2026 APAC Real Estate Event Calendar Mingtiandi APAC Residential Forum 2026 Mingtiandi Singapore Forum 2026 Mingtiandi APAC Logistics Forum 2026 Mingtiandi Australia Forum 2026 Mingtiandi APAC Data Centre Forum 2026 Mingtiandi Tokyo Forum 2026 More Events MTD TV Residential Logistics Data Centre Office Singapore Tokyo Australia Hong Kong All Videos Post-Event Stories People Industry Moves MTD TV Speakers Logistics Data Centres Asia Outbound Retail Research & Policy Advertise Mapletree’s MPACT Selling Hong Kong Office Block to City University for $252M 2025/12/10 by Michael Cole Leave a Comment Festival Walk Tower stands opposite the City University campus (Image: MPACT) Hong Kong has witnessed its second major sale of an office property in less than 24 hours, with the manager of Mapletree Pan Asia Commercial Trust (MPACT) announcing late Wednesday that it has agreed to sell part of the Festival Walk complex in Kowloon Tong for HK$1.96 billion ($$251.9 million). The Singapore-listed REIT informed the bourse that it is selling Festival Walk Tower, the four-storey office element of Festival Walk, to an unrelated third party, without releasing additional details regarding the buyer’s identity. Sources familiar with the transaction identified the buyer to Mingtiandi as the City University of Hong Kong, which has its main campus across the street from the Festival Walk complex. The deal leaves MPACT with the mall element of Festival Walk as the sole Hong Kong asset in its portfolio, with the office and retail complex having declined in value by S$223.6 million in its most recent financial year according to its annual report, to represent the biggest valuation loss on the REIT’s portfolio. MPACT said it would use the sale proceeds to reduce its debt. For City University, the purchase marks the institution’s second major acquisition of a commercial property this year after the school in January closed on a HK$880 million deal for a retail podium in Tsim Sha Tsui . More Room for Expanding Student Body The deal provides City University with 213,982 square feet (19,880 square metres) of office space which is currently let to seven tenants, with 5.8 percent vacancy as of 30 September, according to MPACT’s statement. Sharon Lim, CEO of Mapletree Pan Asia Commercial Trust’s manager The office property was independently valued at HK$1.96 billion as at 30 November, the REIT said, and connects directly with Kowloon Tong MTR station. At the stated compensation, City University of Hong Kong is paying HK$9,160 per square foot for its new space. The Festival Walk complex is across Tat Chee Avenue from City University, which said in September that it expects its admission of non-local students to increase by nearly 20 percent annually in the coming years. That statement by the university came during that same month that the Hong Kong government announced that it had raised the cap on self-financing, non-local students at the city’s public universities from 40 percent to 50 percent of total enrollment for the 2026-27 academic year. The authorities had doubled the quota from 20 percent to 40 percent in 2023, with most of the non-local students coming from mainland China. In its January acquisition City University acquired a retail podium at 94 Granville Road in Tsim Sha Tsui from HK$880 million from local investor Francis law, with that property changing hands at a 67 percent discount to its pre-pandemic asking price. Top Deals Driven by Own-Use Commercial property values in Hong Kong have declined by more than 50 percent in general from their 2019 peak, with investors seeking properties for their own use taking the opportunity to acquire premises at a fraction of earlier prices. JD Property, the real estate investment division of JD.com , in a deal announced less than a day before Mapletree’s sale to City University , agreed to buy a half-stake in the China Construction Bank Tower in Hong Kong’s Central district, with the mainland e-commerce giant said to be planning to use the tower as its headquarters in the city. That deal ranks as the city’s third largest office deal of this year, according to MSCI In October, JD rival Alibaba, along with its financial services affiliate Ant Group, bought the top floors of Jardine Matheson’s One Causeway tower in Hong Kong for $925 million to secure a new home in the city in Hong Kong’s largest property deal of this year. The city’s second-largest office transaction this year also was also occupier-driven, with the Hong Kong stock exchange in April agreeing to buy a set of floors in the Exchange Square complex where it operates the local bourse from Hongkong Land for HK$6.3 billion. Just over a year ago, Hong Kong Metropolitan University bought the former Cheung Kei Center office building in Kowloon’s Hung Hom area from receivers for a reported HK$2.65 billion, with the institution taking over the former corporate office block to expand its campus. Share this now LinkedIn Share Tweet Email Filed Under: Finance Tagged With: City University of Hong Kong , daily-sp , Featured , Festival Walk , highlight , Hong Kong , Kowloon Tong , Mapletree Pan Asia Commercial Trust Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment * Name * Email * Website Get Mingtiandi Delivered Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First Name * Last Name * Email * Enter Email Confirm Email Company * Subscription * Daily Weekly MTD TV Scape, GSA, Wee Hur and Mapletree Tackle Global Trends in Student Housing: MTD TV CDPQ, Oxford Properties, Hilton, Knight Frank See Opportunity Amid Volatility: MTD TV More MTD TV Videos>> People in the News APAC Real Estate People in the News 2026-09-28 Tishman Speyer Names Rahul Anand Head of India in Expansion Push Dexus CFO Keir Barnes Leaving to Join ASX After Seven Years With Property Group Rava’s Samty Promotes Terauchi to Succeed CEO Ogawa Amid Fund Management Push More Industry Professionals>> Latest Stories New World Pays $293M to Exit $2.5B Hong Kong Airport Project as Recurring Profit Returns Frasers, Mitsubishi Estate Plan 407-Home Singapore Riverfront Redevelopment Singapore’s Centurion Buys Adelaide Site for $208M Student Housing Project Sponsored Features APLUS Teams Up with IGIS to Acquire Tokyo Residential Asset Pro-invest Group See Operational Expertise as Key to the Next Decade of Real Estate Investment NFD Korea Breaks Ground on 300MW AI Data Center Campus in Danjin More Sponsored Features>> Connect with Mingtiandi Facebook LinkedIn RSS Twitter Real Estate News Capital Markets Mingtiandi 2026 Event Calendar MTD TV Archives People Logistics Data Centres Asia Outbound Retail More Mingtiandi About Mingtiandi Contact Mingtiandi Mingtiandi Memberships Newsletter Subscription Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Join the Mingtiandi Team © 2007-2026 China Advertising Media Ltd (Samoa). All rights reserved. We use cookies in accordance with our Privacy policy to provide the best user experience on Mingtiandi and to safeguard user data. By continuing to browse you consent to the policy. Accept Refuse