Exercise of Options, Treasury Shares and TVR Thorpe(F.W.) PLC 15 July 2024 FW Thorpe Plc ("FW Thorpe" or the "Company") Exercise of Share Options, PDMR Dealing, Transaction in Own Shares and Total Voting Rights FW Thorpe announces that it was notified that on 12 July certain Directors, of the Company exercised share options ("Share Options") over 20,000 ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 124 pence per Ordinary Share. To satisfy the exercise of the Share Options 20,000 existing Ordinary Shares have been transferred out of treasury. The Share Options were granted in 2014 under the Company's Executive Share Option Plan and became exercisable on 30 September 2020 following the satisfaction of performance conditions relating to the Company's earnings per Ordinary Share. Details of those Directors who participated in the exercise of Share Options are as follows: Name of Director Number of Share Options exercised Ordinary Shares sold Resultant interest in Ordinary Shares Resultant interest in Ordinary Shares (%) Craig Muncaster 20,000 Nil 160,000 0.14% Total voting rights The share capital of the Company comprises 118,935,590 Ordinary Shares. Following the exercise of the Share Options referred to above, the Company holds 1,593,682 Ordinary Shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 117,341,908. This figure of 117,341,908 may be used by the Company's shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the share capital of FW Thorpe under the DTRs. For further information, please contact: FW Thorpe Plc Mike Allcock - Non-Executive Chairman Tel: 01527 583200 Craig Muncaster - Chief Executive and Financial Director Singer Capital Markets - Nominated Adviser James Moat/Sam Butcher Tel: 020 7496 3000 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Craig Muncaster 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Joint Chief Executive, Group Financial Director and Company Secretary (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FW Thorpe plc b) LEI 2138007NXVPPRAXXHT76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN Code: GB00BC9ZLX92 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s): Volume(s): 124 pence each 20,000 options exercised d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 12 July 2024 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, AIM This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Thorpe (F.W.) (TFW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 38 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and