Exercise of Options, Treasury Shares and TVR Thorpe(F.W.) PLC 01 July 2024 FW Thorpe Plc ("FW Thorpe" or the "Company") Exercise of Share Options, Transaction in Own Shares and Total Voting Rights FW Thorpe announces that it was notified that on 28 June certain employees of the Company exercised share options ("Share Options") over 30,322 ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 124 pence per Ordinary Share. To satisfy the exercise of the Share Options 30,322 existing Ordinary Shares have been transferred out of treasury. The Share Options were granted in 2014 under the Company's Executive Share Option Plan and became exercisable on 30 September 2020 following the satisfaction of performance conditions relating to the Company's earnings per Ordinary Share. Total voting rights The issued share capital of the Company comprises 118,935,590 Ordinary Shares. Following the exercise of the Share Options referred to above, the Company holds 1,613,682 Ordinary Shares in treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 117,321,908. This figure of 117,321,908 may be used by the Company's shareholders as the denominator for the calculation by which they will determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the share capital of FW Thorpe under the DTRs. For further information, please contact: FW Thorpe Plc Mike Allcock - Chairman Tel: 01527 583200 Craig Muncaster - Chief Executive and Group Financial Director Singer Capital Markets - Nominated Adviser James Moat/Sam Butcher Tel: 020 7496 3000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Thorpe (F.W.) (TFW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 38 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and