Disclaimer* Thorpe(F.W.) PLC 20 November 2025 20 November 2025 FW Thorpe Plc Annual General Meeting statement At the Annual General Meeting of FW Thorpe Plc to be held at 3.15pm today, Chairman, Mike Allcock, publishes the following statement: "Results to date are in line with last year's. There have been good starts at both Zemper and Famostar, and SchahlLED has seen orders improve every month since the last quarter of 2024/25. In the UK, Thorlux's performance is similar to last year's; all other UK companies are doing better than last year. Whilst the Group is finding it challenging to take a step forward in its revenues, the business is in decent shape, and performance is good considering the general malaise seen elsewhere in UK and EU lighting markets. Despite the challenges, the Group continues to invest in the pursuit of growth, through continued product innovation as well as targeted sector and territorial customer-facing activities. The Board expects Group synergy projects, such as new product collaboration and shared procurement initiatives to develop and support profitable growth." For further information, please contact: FW Thorpe Plc Tel: 01527 583200 Mike Allcock - Chairman Craig Muncaster - Chief Executive and Group Financial Director Singer Capital Markets - Nominated Adviser and Broker Tel: 020 7496 3000 James Moat/Sam Butcher This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Thorpe (F.W.) (TFW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 39 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and