Grant of Options Thorpe(F.W.) PLC 31 May 2024 FW Thorpe Plc ("FW Thorpe" or the "Company") Grant of Options FW Thorpe announces that following approval of the Executive Share Ownership Plan at the General Meeting held on 18 April 2024, a total of 1,925,000 share options over ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company ("Share Options") have been granted to Directors of the Company and senior management across the Group. The following Share Options have been granted to Directors of the Company under the Executive Share Ownership Plan: Option holder Number of Share Options C. Muncaster 200,000 J. Thorpe 200,000 400,000 There has been no other change to their beneficial holdings as a result of the grant of Share Options. The Share Options represent 1.6 per cent of the shares in issue with voting rights, comprising 117,291,586 ordinary shares. The Share Options issued are exercisable at a price of 375 pence each for Approved 337.5 pence for Unapproved. For further information in relation to the Executive Share Option Scheme, including the performance conditions, please refer to the Company's circular dated 22 March 2024 which is available at the Company's website http://www.fwthorpe.co.uk/ . For further information please contact: F W Thorpe Plc Mike Allcock - Chairman, Joint Chief Executive Tel: 01527 583200 Craig Muncaster - Joint Chief Executive, Group Financial Director Singer Capital Markets - Nominated Adviser James Moat / Sam Butcher Tel: 020 7496 3000 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Craig Muncaster 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Joint Chief Executive, Group Financial Director and Company Secretary (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FW Thorpe plc b) LEI 2138007NXVPPRAXXHT76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN Code: GB00BC9ZLX92 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of 200,000 Share Options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s): Volume(s): N/A 200,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 30 May 2024 f) Place of the transaction Off-market transaction 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name James Thorpe 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Business Development Director, Thorlux Lighting (PDMR) b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FW Thorpe plc b) LEI 2138007NXVPPRAXXHT76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN Code: GB00BC9ZLX92 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of 200,000 Share Options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s): Volume(s): N/A 200,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 30 May 2024 f) Place of the transaction Off-market transaction This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Thorpe (F.W.) (TFW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 38 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and