Directorate Changes Thorpe(F.W.) PLC 23 May 2024 23 May 2024 FW Thorpe Plc (the "Company") Directorate Changes FW Thorpe Plc announces the following changes to the board structure, to become effective from 1 July 2024: Mike Allcock will step down as Executive Chairman and Joint Chief Executive and take up the role of Non-Executive Chairman. The position of Chief Executive will be assumed by Craig Muncaster whilst retaining the role of Group Financial Director. Craig has been Joint Chief Executive since 2017 and Group Financial Director since 2010. Mike Allcock, Chairman of FW Thorpe Plc said: Having spent 40 years working at FW Thorpe Plc it's time to take things a little easier. Straight from school I've only ever had one employer, so all that I am I owe to them. We have spent the last few years building stronger management teams around the Group subsidiary companies to support the transition to the current Group board structure. I will continue to keep a watching brief on the technical and engineering aspects of the business whilst supporting the next generation of "youngsters" to develop and flourish. I would like to personally congratulate Craig Muncaster on his promotion to the new role, wish him continued success and thank him for his tremendous hard work and support since joining the company in 2010. For further information, please contact: FW Thorpe Plc Mike Allcock - Chairman and Joint Chief Executive Craig Muncaster - Joint Chief Executive, Group Financial Director Tel: 01527 583200 Singer Capital Markets - Nominated Adviser James Moat / Sam Butcher Tel: 020 7496 3000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Thorpe (F.W.) (TFW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 38 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and