Disclaimer* Thorpe(F.W.) PLC 26 November 2025 FW Thorpe Plc ("FW Thorpe" or the "Company") PDMR Dealing FW Thorpe announces that it was notified today that, on 24 November 2025, Ian Thorpe, Non- Executive Director and his Persons Closely Associated ("PCAs)" have undertaken a number of transfers of ordinary shares. Following these transfers, Ian Thorpe's interest in the Company, including his connected persons' interests, remains unchanged at 25,047,120 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 21.1% of the Company's issued Ordinary Shares. For further information, please contact: FW Thorpe Plc Mike Allcock - Chairman Craig Muncaster - Chief Executive and Financial Director Tel: 01527 583200 Singer Capital Markets - Nominated Adviser James Moat/Sam Butcher Tel: 020 7496 3000 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ian Thorpe 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-Executive - PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FW Thorpe plc b) LEI 2138007NXVPPRAXXHT76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN Code: GB00BC9ZLX92 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares into trust c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s): Volume(s): - pence each 2,124,500 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 24 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction Off market 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Elizabeth Thorpe 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Ian Thorpe - PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FW Thorpe plc b) LEI 2138007NXVPPRAXXHT76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN Code: GB00BC9ZLX92 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of Ordinary Shares into trust c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s): Volume(s): - pence each 2,875,500 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price n/a e) Date of the transaction 24 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction Off market 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name IAN ANTHONY THORPE and ELIZABETH ANN THORPE and MILLS & REEVE TRUST CORPORATION LIMITED 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PCA of Ian Thorpe - PDMR b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FW Thorpe plc b) LEI 2138007NXVPPRAXXHT76 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each ISIN Code: GB00BC9ZLX92 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of shares from Ian Thorpe and Elizabeth Thorpe c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s): Volume(s): n/a n/a 2,124,500 Ordinary Shares 2,875,500 Ordinary Shares d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 5,000,000 Ordinary Shares n/a e) Date of the transaction 24 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction Off market This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Thorpe (F.W.) (TFW) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 39 minutes ago Haleon 1 hour ago ActiveOps 1 hour ago Quilter 1 hour ago Unilever 2 hours ago Origin Enterprises (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and