Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 32 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 68 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 68 Item 9B. Other Information 68 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 68 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 69 Item 11. Executive Compensation 69 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 70 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 70 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 70 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit s and Financial Statement Schedules 71 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 71 Signatures 72 2 Information About Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”) includes and incorporates by reference “ statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. In addition, we, or our executive officers on our behalf, may from time to time make statements in reports and other documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) or in connection with oral statements made to the press, potential investors, or others. All statements that are not historical facts are “ statements.” statements may be indicated by words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plans,” “expects,” “projects,” “should,” “will,” “believes,” “intends,” and similar words and phrases. These statements reflect management’s current beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any statement. Examples of statements in this report include but are not limited to statements regarding operating results, the success of our operating plans, our expectations regarding our ability to generate cash and reduce debt and associated interest expense, profit and cash flow expectations, the prospects for newly acquired businesses to be integrated and contribute to future growth, and our expectations regarding growth through acquisitions. Important assumptions relating to the statements include, among others, demand for our products, the cost, timing, and success of product upgrades and new product introductions, raw materials costs, expected pricing levels, expected outcomes of pending litigation, competitive conditions, and general economic conditions. These assumptions could prove inaccurate. Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to be incorrect. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the statements include but are not limited to: • general economic conditions; • difficulty making acquisitions, including receiving the necessary regulatory approvals (including clearance under the Act in the U.S. and similar antitrust regulations in foreign countries), and successfully integrating acquired businesses; • any unforeseen liabilities associated with future acquisitions; • information technology system failures, data security breaches, network disruptions, and cybersecurity events, including any litigation arising therefrom; • failure to comply with new data privacy laws and regulations, including any litigation arising therefrom; • risks and costs associated with our international sales and operations; • rising interest rates; • limitations on our business imposed by our indebtedness; • product liability, litigation, and insurance risks; • future competition; • reduction of business with large customers; • risks associated with government contracts; • changes in the supply of, or price for, labor, energy, raw materials, parts, and components, including as a result of inflation or potential supply chain constraints; • potential of our goodwill and other intangible assets; • our ability to successfully develop new products; • failure to protect our intellectual property; • unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates; • risks related to changing U.S. and foreign trade policies, including increased trade restrictions or tariffs; • increased warranty exposure; • environmental compliance costs and liabilities; • the effect of, or change in, government regulations (including tax); • risks associated with the use of artificial intelligence; • economic disruption caused by armed conflicts (such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East), terrorist attacks, health crises (such as the pandemic), or other unforeseen geopolitical events; and • the factors discussed in Item 1A of this Annual Report under the heading “Risk Factors.” You should not place undue reliance on any statements, which are based on current expectations. Further, statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any of these statements in light of new information or future events. 3 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS All currency amounts are in millions unless specified Our Business Roper Technologies, Inc. (“Roper,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) is a diversified technology company. Roper has a proven, , successful track record of compounding cash flow and increasing shareholder value. We operate market leading businesses that design and develop vertical software and technology enabled products for a variety of defensible niche markets. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in revenue, earnings, and cash flow by enabling continuous improvement in the operating performance of our businesses and by acquiring businesses that offer high software, services, products, and solutions that we believe are capable of realizing growth while maintaining high margins. We compete in many defensible niche markets and believe we are the market leader or a competitive alternative to the market leader in most of these markets. In the last three years, we have deployed approximately $9,950 of capital toward acquisitions. In 2024, this included approximately $1,860 for the acquisition of Procare, a leading provider of (“SaaS”) solutions and integrated payment processing for early childhood education centers and approximately $1,600 for the acquisition of Transact Campus, a leading provider of integrated campus technology and payment solutions serving higher education, healthcare, and business campuses, which was combined with our CBORD business. In 2023, this included approximately $1,380 for the acquisition of Syntellis, a leading provider of SaaS solutions for healthcare, financial institution, and higher education providers, which was combined with our Strata business, and 2022 included approximately $3,750 for the acquisition of Frontline, a leading provider of SaaS solutions for school administration. Additionally, we deployed approximately $1,360 toward other acquisitions to help build on the strategic position of several of our businesses. In November 2022, Roper completed the divestiture of a majority equity stake in its industrial businesses, including its entire historical Process Technologies reportable segment and the industrial businesses within its historical Measurement & Analytical Solutions reportable segment (collectively “Indicor”), to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”). Following the sale of the majority stake, Roper retained a minority equity interest in Indicor. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for additional information regarding Roper’s minority equity interest in Indicor. During 2021, Roper entered into definitive agreements to divest its TransCore, Zetec, and CIVCO Radiotherapy businesses (“2021 Divestitures”). Roper completed the 2021 Divestitures by March 2022. The financial results of Indicor and the 2021 Divestitures are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within Part I relates to continuing operations. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for further information regarding discontinued operations. We were incorporated on December 17, 1981 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Market Share, Market Expansion, and Product Development Leadership with Technology and Products for Niche Markets – We maintain a leading position in many of our markets. We believe our market positions are attributable to the applications expertise used to create high value products and solutions for our customers, the underlying critical nature of our offerings, and the inherent customer intimacy of our chosen niche markets. Our businesses realize growth from new and existing customers in their niche markets through successfully executing strategies, developing new products and applications, and delivering professional services. Diversified End Markets and Geographic Reach – We have a global presence, with sales to customers outside of the United States (“U.S.”) totaling $975.9 in 2024. Information regarding our international operations is set forth in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 4 Our Reportable Segments Roper’s segment reporting structure is based on business model and delivery of performance obligations. The three reportable segments are as follows: –Application Software —Aderant, Clinisys, Data Innovations, Deltek, Frontline, IntelliTrans, PowerPlan, Procare, Strata, Transact/CBORD, Vertafore –Network Software —ConstructConnect, DAT, Foundry, iPipeline, iTradeNetwork, Loadlink, MHA, SHP, SoftWriters –Technology Enabled Products —CIVCO Medical Solutions, FMI, Inovonics, IPA, Neptune, Northern Digital, rf IDEAS, Verathon Financial information about our reportable segments is presented in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. Application Software Our Application Software segment had net revenues of $3,868.3 for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing 55.0% of our total net revenues. Below is a description of the products offered by businesses that comprise the Application Software segment: Aderant – comprehensive management software solutions for law and other professional services firms, including business development, calendar/docket matter management, time and billing, and case management. Clinisys – diagnostic and laboratory information management software solutions. Data Innovations – software solutions that enable enterprise management of hospitals and independent laboratories. Deltek – enterprise software and information solutions for government contractors, professional services firms, and other businesses. Frontline – K-12 school administration software, connecting solutions for human capital management, student and special programs, and business operations, with powerful analytics that empower educators. IntelliTrans – transportation management software and services to bulk and commodity producers. PowerPlan – financial and compliance management software and solutions to large complex companies in industries. Procare – software and integrated payment processing for the management of early childhood education centers. Strata – financial analytics, performance management software, and data solutions used by healthcare providers, higher education, and financial institutions for financial planning, decision support, and continuous cost improvement. Transact/CBORD – integrated campus technology and payment solutions, including secure access and campus identity software, commerce solutions, tuition management software and payment processing, as well as foodservice technologies, serving higher education, healthcare, K-12, and business campuses. Vertafore – software for the property and casualty insurance industry, including agency and distribution management, compliance, workflow, and data solutions. 5 Network Software Our Network Software segment had net revenues of $1,475.6 for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing 21.0% of our total net revenues. Below is a description of the products offered by businesses that comprise the Network Software segment: ConstructConnect – data, collaboration, and estimating automation software solutions focused on the phase for a network of construction contractors and building product manufacturers/distributors. DAT – electronic marketplaces that connect available capacity of trucking units with the available loads of freight throughout North America, and freight analytics solutions. Foundry – software technologies used to deliver visual effects and 3D content for the entertainment and digital design industries. iPipeline – software solutions for the life insurance/annuities and financial services industries. iTradeNetwork – electronic marketplaces and supply chain software that connect food suppliers, distributors, and vendors, primarily in the perishable food sector. Loadlink – electronic marketplaces that connect available capacity of trucking units with the available loads of freight throughout Canada, and freight analytics solutions. MHA – health care services and software solutions to alternate site health care markets. SHP – data analytics and benchmarking information for the healthcare provider marketplace. SoftWriters – software solutions to pharmacies that primarily serve the care marketplace. Technology Enabled Products Our Technology Enabled Products segment had net revenues of $1,695.3 for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing 24.0% of our total net revenues. Below is a description of the products offered by businesses that comprise the Technology Enabled Products segment: CIVCO Medical Solutions – accessories focused on guidance and infection control for ultrasound procedures. FMI – dispensers and metering pumps which are utilized in a broad range of applications requiring precision fluid control. Inovonics – wireless sensor networks and solutions for a variety of applications. IPA – automated surgical scrub and linen dispensing equipment for healthcare providers. Neptune – water meters, enabling water utilities to remotely monitor their customers utilizing Automatic Meter Reading (AMR), Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) technologies, and software supporting meter data management. Northern Digital – optical and electromagnetic precision measurement systems for medical and industrial applications. rf IDEAS – RFID card and credential readers used in numerous identity access management applications across a variety of vertical markets. Verathon – medical devices that enable airway management, including bronchoscopes and video laryngoscopes, and bladder volume measurement solutions for healthcare providers. 6 Materials and Suppliers We believe most materials and supplies we use are readily available from numerous sources and suppliers throughout the world. However, some components and are currently available from only a limited number of suppliers for which we regularly investigate and identify alternative sources where possible. We also believe these conditions affect our competitors. Remaining Performance Obligations and Backlog Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of firm orders for which work has not been performed, excluding unexercised contract options. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, total remaining performance obligations were $4,754.9 and $4,612.6, respectively. Backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations expected to be recognized as revenue within the next 12 months. Backlog was $3,105.4 at December 31, 2024 and $3,156.6 at December 31, 2023. Distribution and Sales Distribution and sales occur primarily through direct sales offices, manufacturers’ representatives, resellers, and distributors. Governmental Regulations We face extensive government regulation around the world relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, and distribution of our software, services, and products. The following sections describe certain significant regulations to which we are subject, but these are not the only regulations with which our businesses must comply. For a description of risks related to the regulations that our businesses are subject to, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Privacy and Data Security We are subject to privacy and data security laws around the world that may impose operational burdens on our businesses. In 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) became effective in the European Union (“EU”) and United Kingdom (“UK”) and imposed restrictions on how companies use, process, and protect personal information. Additionally, repeated legal challenges to the way regulators implemented GDPR provisions relating to international data transfers have created additional operational burdens and legal risks for companies when transferring personal data back and forth from the EU to many other countries, most notably the U.S. and India. In the U.S., at least 20 states have individually passed comprehensive privacy legislation, which imposes restrictions similar (but not identical) to GDPR on companies conducting business or serving customers in those states. For example, in 2020 the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) became effective and required companies to make disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use, and sharing practices; allowed consumers to exercise control over the use and sharing of their personal data; and provided a limited private right of action for data breaches. Changes to the CCPA which became effective in 2023 have added to the processing restrictions and notifications requirements – particularly when companies engage in online advertising. Canada (Quebec) has also significantly updated its privacy laws. The compliance and other burdens on our businesses imposed by these privacy laws and regulations may be substantial as we work to comply with differing legal and implementation requirements across multiple jurisdictions. Healthcare Regulations The manufacture, sale, lease, and service of medical diagnostic and surgical devices intended for commercial use are subject to extensive governmental regulation by the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) in the U.S. and by a variety of regulatory agencies in other countries for some of our businesses. Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, known as the FD&C Act, manufacturers of medical products and devices must comply with certain regulations governing the design, testing, manufacturing, packaging, servicing, and marketing of medical products. FDA product approvals may be withdrawn or suspended if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur following initial marketing. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, and foreign laws which broadly relate to our interactions with healthcare practitioners and other participants in the healthcare system, including, among others, law, and laws regulating the confidentiality of sensitive personal information and the circumstances under which such information may be released and/or collected, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH Act, and the GDPR. 7 and Laws and Regulations We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and laws, and similar laws in foreign countries, such as the UK Bribery Act. Any violation of these laws by us or our agents or distributors could create substantial liability for us, subject our officers and directors to personal liability, and cause a loss of reputation in the market. Increased business in higher risk countries could subject us and our officers and directors to increased scrutiny and increased liability. In addition, becoming familiar with and implementing the infrastructure necessary to comply with laws, rules, and regulations applicable to new business activities and mitigating and protecting against corruption risks could be quite costly. Export Controls and Trade Policies We are subject to numerous domestic and foreign regulations relating to our operations worldwide. In particular, our sales activities must comply with restrictions relating to the export of controlled technology and sales to denied or sanctioned parties contained in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), and sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC). Our businesses may also be impacted by additional domestic or foreign trade regulations, including trade restrictions, trade agreements, tariffs (including new, expanded, or retaliatory tariffs), and sanctions. Environmental Regulations Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including those governing air emissions, water discharges, waste management, and workplace safety. We use, generate, and dispose of hazardous substances and waste in our operations and could be subject to material liabilities relating to the investigation and of contaminated properties and related claims. We are required to conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all countries as these requirements change. In connection with our acquisitions, we may assume significant environmental liabilities, some of which we may not be aware of, or may not be quantifiable, at the time of acquisition. In addition, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of new requirements could increase our costs or subject us to new or increased liabilities. Customers During 2024, no customer accounted for 10% or more of any segment or total Company net revenues. Competition Generally, our products and solutions face significant competition, although in certain niche markets there are a limited number of competitors. We believe that we are a leader in most of our markets, and no single company competes with us over a significant number of product lines. Competitors might be large or small in size, often depending on the size of the niche market we serve. We compete primarily on product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, distribution channel access, and customer service capabilities. Intellectual Property In addition to trade secrets, including unpatented and other intellectual property like software source code, we own or license the rights under numerous patents, trademarks, trade dress, and copyrights relating to certain of our products and businesses. We also employ various methods, including confidentiality and agreements with individuals and companies we do business with, including employees, distributors, representatives, independent contractors, and customers to protect our intellectual property. We believe none of our operating units are substantially dependent on any single item of intellectual property, including a trade secret, patent, trademark, trade dress, or copyright. 8 Human Capital Management Roper is a diversified technology company that utilizes a decentralized operating model across our many businesses which serve a diverse set of end markets. Subject to oversight and guidance from Roper executive management, each business operates as an individual unit with its managers empowered to make operating decisions, including decisions with respect to human capital management. As a result, apart from guidance with respect to: (i) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements or corporate policies; and (ii) the implementation of business unit leadership compensation and benefit programs provided by corporate management, managers at individual businesses are the primary decision makers with respect to human capital management and development. Though our individual businesses are primarily responsible for these decisions, because of the importance of human capital to our enterprise, we provide guidance and share best practices on key aspects of selection, development, engagement, and diversity of talent within our workforce. As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 18,200 people worldwide on a consolidated basis, of which approximately 12,100 were employed in the U.S. and approximately 6,100 were employed outside of the U.S. Management believes that the Company’s employee relations are favorable. Outside of the U.S., we have some employees, particularly in Europe, that are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council, or employee association. Roper has identified and implemented other human capital priorities, including providing competitive wages and benefits, and promoting a diverse and inclusive work environment. The Company is committed to increasing diversity and fostering an inclusive work environment that supports our large global workforce and helps us innovate for our customers. We continue to focus on building a pipeline for talent that creates more opportunities for growth within the Company. Available Information All reports we file electronically with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and our annual proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports, are accessible at no cost on our website at www.ropertech.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. These filings are also accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines; the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee; and our Code of Ethics (the “Code of Ethics”) are also available on our website. Any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to our directors, executive officers, or senior financial officers will be posted on our website within the time period required by the SEC and Nasdaq. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report or any other filing made by Roper with the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business Operations Our growth strategy includes acquisitions. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, or integrate acquisitions successfully. Our future rate of growth is highly dependent on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. We intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. There are no assurances, however, that we will be able to successfully identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate terms, obtain financing on acceptable terms, complete proposed acquisitions, receive the necessary regulatory approvals (including clearance under the Act in the U.S. and similar antitrust regulations in foreign countries), successfully integrate acquired businesses, or expand into new markets. Once acquired, operations may not achieve anticipated levels of revenues, profitability, or cash flows. Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services, and products of the acquired companies and the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks, there are no assurances that we will properly ascertain all such risks. Acquisitions may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrences, equity issuances, and expenses. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 9 Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Many of our products and services rely on proprietary technology; therefore, we believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business. Despite our efforts to protect proprietary rights, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Actions to enforce these rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, and we make no assurances that any such actions will be successful. We rely on information and technology, including cloud computing platforms and other business partners, for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process, and store information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients, suppliers, and business partners. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Our compliance, cyber and data privacy programs, cybersecurity technology, and risk management cannot eliminate all system risk. Cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, systems disruptions or interruptions, cyberattacks, configuration or human error, insider threat, and/or other external hazards or threats could result in the misappropriation of assets or information, corruption of data, or disruptions in our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition. These disruptions may include, but are not limited to, interruptions to business operations, loss of intellectual property, release of confidential information, malicious alteration or corruption of data or systems, costs related to remediation or the payment of ransom, litigation including individual claims or consumer class actions, commercial litigation, administrative, and civil or criminal investigations or actions, regulatory intervention and sanctions or fines, investigation and remediation costs, and possible prolonged negative publicity. We rely on business partners such as data centers and cloud platforms, such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure to host certain enterprise and customer systems. Our ability to monitor such third parties’ security measures and the full impact of the systemic risk is limited. If any system or cloud platform that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may experience service interruptions, which could significantly impact our operations, reputation, business, and financial results. Failure of our systems or those of our service providers, may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, and/or material harm to our reputation and operating results. While certain of our businesses have experienced temporary disruptions, their impact has been limited and did not have a significant impact on our businesses. Global cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and attacks to networks, platforms, systems, and endpoints can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its businesses, its customers, and/or its service providers, including, but not limited to, cloud providers and providers of network management services. These may include such things as unauthorized access, phishing attacks, denial of service, insider threats, data exfiltration and extortion, introduction of malware or ransomware, and other disruptive problems caused by threat actors. While we have experienced and expect to continue to experience these types of cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of them to date have been material to the Company. We seek to deploy measures to protect, detect, respond, and recover from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including identity and access controls, employee training, data protection, vulnerability management, incident response, secure product development, continuous monitoring of our networks, platforms, endpoints, and systems, and maintenance of ransomware resilient backup and recovery capabilities. Our customers are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and services, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. Despite these efforts, we can make no assurances that we will be able to mitigate, detect, prevent, timely and adequately respond, or fully recover from the negative effects of cyberattacks, cybersecurity incidents, or other security compromises, and such attacks, compromises, or cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, damage to our IT systems, data loss, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines, customer attrition, diminution in the value of our investment in research and development, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Any imposition of liability, particularly liability 10 that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage, could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. Product liability, insurance risks, product recalls, and increased insurance costs could harm our operating results. Our business exposes us to product liability risks in the design, manufacture, and distribution of our products. Manufacturing or design defects could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or as required by regulatory authorities), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market which could result in significant costs, lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation. Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in product liability claims being brought against us. We currently have product liability insurance; however, we may not be able to maintain our insurance at a reasonable cost or in amounts sufficient to adequately protect us against losses. We also maintain other insurance policies, including directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and cybersecurity insurance. We believe we have adequately accrued estimated losses, principally related to deductible amounts under our insurance policies, with respect to all product liability and other claims, based upon our past experience and available facts. However, a successful product liability or other claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a significant increase in our insurance costs or the imposition of a liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage, could have an adverse impact on our operating results. Our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction in business with our large customers. In some of our businesses, we derive a significant amount of revenue from large customers. The loss or reduction of any significant contracts with any of these customers could reduce our net revenues and cash flows. Additionally, many of our customers are government entities. In many situations, government entities can unilaterally terminate or modify our existing contracts without cause and without penalty to the government agency. Unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates may harm our business. Several of our subsidiaries have transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Most of these transactions and balances are denominated in British pounds, Canadian dollars, or euros. Sales by our operating companies whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar represented 9% and 11% of our total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Unfavorable changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those currencies could reduce our reported net revenues and net earnings. We face intense competition. If we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer. We face intense competition from numerous competitors in our various businesses. Our products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, distribution channel access, and established customer service capabilities. We may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts or with all of our competitors. Moreover, competition may require us to adjust prices to stay competitive. In addition, new competitors may emerge, and product lines may be threatened by new technologies or market trends that reduce the value of these product lines. To remain competitive, we must develop new products, respond to new technologies, and enhance our existing products in a timely manner. Our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. As of December 31, 2024, we had $7,623.0 in total consolidated indebtedness. In addition, we had approximately $3,369 of undrawn availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Subject to restrictions contained in our credit facility, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness incurred to finance acquisitions. Our level of indebtedness and the debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness could have substantial effects on our operations and business strategy. For example, our indebtedness could: • limit our ability to borrow additional funds; • limit our ability to complete future acquisitions; • limit our ability to pay dividends; • limit our ability to make capital expenditures; • place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, some of which have lower debt service obligations and greater financial resources; and • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions. 11 Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. In addition, there can be no assurance that future borrowings or equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms for the payment or refinancing of our indebtedness. If we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Our credit facility contains covenants requiring us to achieve certain financial and operating results and maintain compliance with a specified financial ratio. Our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. A breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratio, tests, or other restrictions contained in our credit facility could result in an event of default under this facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit facility, and the expiration of any grace periods, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the facility, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If this were to occur, our assets may not be sufficient to fully repay the amounts due under this facility or our other indebtedness. Our goodwill and other intangible assets are a significant amount of our total assets, and any of our intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations. Our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. At December 31, 2024, goodwill totaled $19,312.9 compared to $18,867.6 of total stockholders’ equity, and represented 62% of our total assets of $31,334.7. The goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. We assess at least annually whether there has been an impairment in the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. If future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to fall significantly below current or expected levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if discount rates rise, or if business valuations decline, we could incur a charge to operating income. Any determination requiring the of a significant portion of goodwill or unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations, the effect of which could be material. We depend on our ability to develop new products and software, and any failure to develop or market new products and software could adversely affect our business. The future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to design and manufacture new competitive products, including the development of software, and to enhance existing product and software offerings. This product development may require substantial internal investment. There can be no assurance that unforeseen problems will not occur with respect to the development, performance, or market acceptance of new technologies, products, or software or that we will otherwise be able to successfully develop and market new products and software. Failure of our product or software offerings to gain market acceptance or our failure to successfully develop and market new products and software could reduce our margins, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Changes in the supply of, or price for, raw materials, parts and components used in our products, or services used in the delivery of our SaaS solutions could affect our business. The availability and prices of raw materials, parts, and components are subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, suppliers’ allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by suppliers, supply chain delays and disruptions, component shortages, changes in exchange rates, and prevailing price levels. In addition, some of our products are provided by sole source suppliers and our SaaS offerings are increasingly reliant on a limited number of cloud computing platforms. Any change in the supply of, or price for, these parts and components, as well as any increases in commodity prices or the price and availability of, or any decrease in the reliability of, cloud computing platforms could affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by the performance of Indicor, in which we own a minority interest. In 2022, we divested a majority equity stake in our industrial businesses to CD&R and retained a minority equity interest in the new parent entity, Indicor. Although we have certain limited consent, board representation, and other governance rights under existing contractual arrangements, we are a minority owner of Indicor and do not control its management, its policies, or the operation of its business, and have no further funding requirements associated with our investment. As a result, our ability to realize the ultimate anticipated benefits of the transaction depends upon the operation and management of Indicor by CD&R and the Indicor management team. In addition, Indicor is an industrial business that is subject to risks that are different than the risks associated with our existing businesses. Many of these risks are outside of CD&R’s or Indicor’s control and could 12 materially impact Indicor’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, CD&R may have economic or other business interests that are inconsistent with ours, and we may be unable to prevent strategic decisions that may adversely affect the value of our investment in Indicor. We have applied the fair value option to value our equity investment in Indicor. The assessment of fair value requires significant judgments to be made. Although we believe that our judgments and assumptions are reasonable, changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. In the event of a decrease in fair value, we would incur a charge within income with a corresponding reduction in the balance of our equity investment. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for additional information on this equity investment. Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business. Divestitures pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business. For example, when we decide to sell or otherwise dispose of a business or assets, we may be unable to do so on satisfactory terms within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and even after reaching a definitive agreement to sell or dispose of a business, the sale is typically subject to the satisfaction of conditions which may not become satisfied. The consummation of any divestiture can be difficult, , and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified divestitures. They may also cause diversion of management time and focus away from operating our business. In addition, divestitures or other dispositions may have other adverse financial and accounting impacts, and disputes may arise with buyers or with partners in businesses in which we own a minority interest that could be difficult or costly to resolve. We use artificial intelligence in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. We are increasingly incorporating artificial intelligence (“AI”) solutions into our platforms, offerings, services, and operations, and we expect that AI will become more important to our company over time. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products or operations more quickly or successfully than us, or develop superior products and services with the aid of AI, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if we use AI that is based on data, algorithms, or other inputs that are flawed, or if the AI assists in producing content, analyses, or recommendations that are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, violative of intellectual property, or biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The use of AI applications has resulted in, and may in the future result in, cybersecurity incidents that implicate the personal data of end users of such applications. Any such cybersecurity incidents related to our use of AI applications could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. AI also presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of AI becomes controversial we may experience brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or legal liability. We may be affected by laws and regulations that govern the use of AI. For example, the EU AI Act places new requirements on providers of AI technologies that will need to be addressed in alignment with various deadlines in the coming years. These and other laws or regulations may cause us to modify our data handling and compliance practices, which could be costly or disruptive to our operations, and may also impact our ability to use certain data to support our products or our product development efforts or hinder our customers’ ability to adopt or continue to use our products. Risks Related to Government Regulations Regulation of privacy and data security may adversely affect sales of our products and services and result in increased compliance costs. There has been, and likely will continue to be, increased regulation with respect to the collection, use, and handling of an individual’s personal and financial information. Regulatory authorities around the world have passed or are considering legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, privacy, and data security. In the U.S., at least 20 states have individually passed comprehensive privacy legislation in directly regulating the collection, use, and sharing of personal information. In addition, there has been an increased focus on privacy laws, including in the financial, healthcare, and educational sectors. These statutes and regulations create civil penalties for violations, and in the case of California and some laws, create a limited private right of action for data breaches that increase the risk of data breach litigation. Absent a preemptive Federal privacy law, as more states pass privacy legislation, there is a strong possibility that we will be required to comply with a patchwork of inconsistent privacy regulations. Globally, personal information collected within the European Union and United Kingdom remains subject to the GDPR, which is a UK and European legal framework that governs data collection, use, and sharing of an individual’s personal data and creates a range of consumer privacy rights. GDPR provides significant penalties for (up to 4% of 13 global annual revenue) and EU data protection authorities have already issued significant fines. Canada (Quebec) has also significantly updated its privacy laws. The interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws and industry standards in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere can be uncertain and currently is in flux. solutions may be subject to further regulation, including data localization requirements and other restrictions limiting the international transfer of data. The operational and cost impact of these cannot be fully known at this time. In addition to the possibility of fines, the application of these existing laws in a manner inconsistent with our current data and privacy practices requires that we change our data and privacy practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. Also, any new law or regulation imposing greater fees or taxes or restriction on the collection, use, or transfer of information or data internationally or over the Internet, could result in a decline in the use of our products and services and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. Finally, as we increasingly provide technological solutions, our customers and regulators will expect that we can demonstrate compliance with current data privacy and security regulations as well as new standards, and our inability to do so may adversely impact sales of our solutions and services to certain customers. This is particularly true for customers in industries, such as the healthcare industry and government contractors, and could result in regulatory actions, fines, and legal proceedings as well as negative impacts to our brand, reputation, and business. Expectations relating to sustainability considerations expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company’s business. Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers, and other stakeholders are focused on environmental, social, governance, and other sustainability considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital, and diversity. The Company makes statements about sustainability goals and initiatives through information provided on its website, press statements, and other communications, including through its annual sustainability report. Responding to these sustainability considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, including those described under “Information About Statements,” requires investments, and is impacted by factors that may be outside of the Company’s control. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with the Company’s goals and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. Stakeholders also may have very different views on where focus on sustainability topics should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Company to achieve its goals, further its initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal, state, or international sustainability laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. Risks Related to Economic and Political Conditions Economic, political, and other risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business. For the year ended December 31, 2024, 14% of our net revenues were generated from customers outside of the U.S. and 7% of our assets, excluding goodwill and other intangibles, were attributable to operations outside of the U.S. We expect our international operations to contribute materially to our business for the foreseeable future. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside of the U.S. including, without limitation, the following: • adverse changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions, particularly in emerging markets; • oil price volatility; • trade protection measures, tariffs, and import or export requirements, including uncertainty about what actions may be taken by governments with respect to tariffs or trade relations, what products may be subject to such actions, and what actions may be taken by foreign countries in retaliation to proposed or imposed U.S. tariffs; • subsidies or increased access to capital for firms that are currently, or may emerge as, competitors in countries in which we have operations; • partial or total expropriation; • potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; • difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; • differing labor regulations; • differing protection of intellectual property; and • differing and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, including any measures implemented to address data privacy, cybersecurity, and impacts of climate change. 14 Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism, incidents of directed cyberattacks, public health crises, or extreme weather events or other natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance. If terrorist activity, armed conflict, directed cyberattacks, political instability, public health crises, such as epidemics or pandemics, or extreme weather events or other natural disasters occur in the U.S. or other locations, such events may negatively impact our operations, cause general economic conditions to deteriorate, or cause demand for our products to decline. A prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce the demand for our products, and therefore, negatively affect our future sales and profits. Any of these events could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Political and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business. Political and geopolitical conditions in the markets in which our products and services are sold have been and could continue to be difficult to predict, resulting in adverse effects on our business. The results of elections, geopolitical events and tensions, and wars and other military conflicts (such as the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East) in these markets have in the past impacted and could continue to impact how existing laws, regulations and government programs or policies are implemented or result in uncertainty as to how such laws, regulations, programs or policies may change, including with respect to the negotiation of new trade agreements, new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products or materials (including recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, Canada, Mexico, and other countries and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries). Changes in political administrations in the U.S. and elsewhere may lead to variability in, or reallocation of, government spending priorities, or a reduction in government spend, which could have an adverse impact on our businesses that serve governmental entities or governmental contractors. In addition, certain geopolitical events have resulted in and could continue to result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, increase in global economic uncertainty, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. General Risk Factors The potential insolvency or financial distress of third parties could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We are exposed to the risk that third parties to various arrangements who owe us money or goods and services, or who purchase goods and services from us, will not be able to perform their obligations or continue to place orders due to insolvency or financial distress. If third parties fail to perform their obligations under arrangements with us, we may be forced to replace the underlying commitments at current or prices or on other terms that are less favorable to us. In such events, we may incur losses, or our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity could otherwise be adversely affected. Changes to our executive leadership team and any future loss of members of such team, and the resulting management transitions, could harm our operating results. We have experienced significant changes to our executive leadership team in the past and may do so in the future. Leadership transitions and changes can be inherently difficult to manage and may cause uncertainty or disruption to our business or may increase the likelihood of turnover in key leadership positions. If we cannot effectively manage leadership transitions and changes, it could make it more difficult to successfully operate our business. Legal proceedings to which we are, or may be, a party may adversely affect us. We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These are typically claims that arise in the normal course of business including, without limitation, commercial or contractual disputes with our suppliers or customers, intellectual property matters, data privacy matters, third party liability, including product liability claims, and employment claims. A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets and increase our interest costs. Unfavorable changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase the costs we incur to borrow funds. Additionally, our credit agreement includes increases in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. Furthermore, an increase in the level of our indebtedness may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing. 15 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 16 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Roper’s Cybersecurity Program Roper maintains a global Cybersecurity Program supervised by the Vice President of Cybersecurity that outlines required cybersecurity controls for all Roper businesses. Given the decentralized nature of Roper’s operating model, management and implementation of the Cybersecurity Program and deployment of the program’s cybersecurity controls are managed locally by each of Roper’s 28 business units, including localized information security management. In addition, because Roper’s businesses generally operate independently and maintain separate infrastructure and systems, we believe the risk of an cybersecurity incident is somewhat reduced. While cybersecurity technologies and implementation may differ based on the needs and risk profile of each individual business, Roper has also implemented cybersecurity tools and managed services to centrally monitor certain aspects of the Cybersecurity Program. Roper deploys cybersecurity practices and tools across all of its businesses designed to protect data, maintain resilient operations, and limit the impact of cybercrime. We deploy a Managed Detection and Response solution across all of our business units and our Corporate infrastructure designed to address the detection, response, and remediation effectiveness for cybersecurity threats. This solution is intended to provide visibility of the endpoint footprint across the enterprise, including patch management and vulnerabilities, device encryption, and cybersecurity threats and detections. Additionally, this solution is designed to provide monitoring of attacks, as well as monitoring of the deep, dark and social webs for cybersecurity threats targeting Roper’s businesses. The Cybersecurity Program includes controls designed to oversee and identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with third parties as they are leveraged by Roper’s businesses in their respective software code development processes or for other purposes that require access to critical infrastructure. The controls include, as appropriate, regularly assessing management of access controls and the cybersecurity risks posed by third parties. Roper performs cybersecurity risk assessments to assess compliance with mandated cybersecurity controls and to assess the likelihood and impact of specific cyberattacks. Cybersecurity risk assessments are periodically performed to assess internal compliance with cybersecurity strategy and the implementation of cybersecurity controls, which would include the validation of cybersecurity control implementation through testing. Areas identified for enhancement and improvement are monitored and tracked to remediation by the Roper cybersecurity team, including the Vice President of Cybersecurity. Cybersecurity risk is also addressed in, and monitored by, the Company’s enterprise risk management program. We maintain a centralized incident response process with a forensic partner on retainer. In addition, we have cybersecurity insurance policies in place. Roper maintains a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan (“CSIRP”), which requires each Roper business to designate a Cybersecurity Incident Response Team that is responsible for receiving, reviewing, and responding to cybersecurity incident reports and activities. Cybersecurity incidents are required to be promptly reported to the Roper cybersecurity team, who then monitors such incidents through their resolution. We work on security awareness with our employees throughout the year with annual cybersecurity training and monthly simulated phishing campaigns to better identify and report unusual behavior and to mitigate the likelihood and impact of possible cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity Governance The Cybersecurity Program is supervised by Roper’s Vice President of Cybersecurity , who has related experience including cybersecurity, IT, Cloud, and Security Compliance . The Vice President of Cybersecurity has obtained a B.S. in Management Information Systems, a Master’s in Business Administration, and a Master’s in Management Information Systems. She also maintains the following industry cybersecurity certifications: CISA, CISSP, GSEC, GCED, GSA, and a Boardroom Certified Qualified Technology Expert (QTE). Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) has not delegated responsibility for cybersecurity matters to a committee. Rather, the Board believes that due to the importance and continually evolving nature of risks from cybersecurity threats, all members of the Board should participate in the oversight of these topics. As a result, management briefs the Board on cybersecurity matters during regularly scheduled Board meetings. Roper’s Vice President of Audit Services also periodically briefs the Audit Committee on cybersecurity matters and related risks, as needed. The Vice President of Audit Services also reports to the Audit Committee on matters, including cybersecurity matters, that are addressed and monitored pursuant to the Company’s enterprise risk management program. Roper has also established a Cyber Disclosure Committee chaired by the Vice President of Cybersecurity to track and evaluate potentially material cybersecurity incidents and to assess their potential impact on the organization. This process builds upon 17 the CSIRP and provides a framework for Roper management to monitor potentially material cybersecurity incidents. The Cyber Disclosure Committee reports its activities and findings, as appropriate, to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, and General Counsel, and, if appropriate, to the Board of Directors. Although we have experienced cybersecurity incidents, these incidents have not materially affected Roper, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors, We rely on information and technology, including cloud computing platforms and other business partners, for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations.” above for more information. While we work to maintain our Cybersecurity Program, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents or mitigate all risks from cybersecurity threats or potential risks to such systems, networks, and data or those of our providers. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our corporate offices, consisting of 42,000 square feet of leased space, are located at 6496 University Parkway, Sarasota, Florida. As of December 31, 2024, we leased facilities throughout the United States and in various locations internationally including North America, Europe, and . Additionally, we owned two properties in the United States as of December 31, 2024. We consider our facilities to be in good operating condition and adequate for their present use and believe we have sufficient capacity to meet our anticipated operating requirements. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information pertaining to legal proceedings can be found in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, and is incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 18 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the following list of executive officers of the Company as of February 24, 2025 is included as an unnumbered Item in Part I of this report in lieu of being included in the Company’s Proxy Statement relating to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. L. Neil Hunn , 52, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since August 2018. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2017 to 2018. Mr. Hunn also served as Group Vice President of Roper’s medical segment from 2011 to 2018 and helped drive significant growth in the Company’s medical technology and application software businesses. In addition to his operating responsibilities at Roper, Mr. Hunn led the execution of the majority of the Company’s capital deployment since joining Roper. Prior to joining Roper, Mr. Hunn served 10 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at MedAssets, Inc., an SaaS company, and as President of its revenue cycle technology businesses. He successfully led MedAssets’ initial public offering and the execution of several M&A transactions. Mr. Hunn also held roles at CMGI, an incubator of Internet businesses, and Parthenon Group, a strategy consulting firm. Mr. Hunn has been a director of Deere & Company, a global leader in the delivery of agricultural, construction, and forestry equipment, since 2023. Jason P. Conley , 49, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2023. Prior thereto, he served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from 2021 to February 2023 and as Vice President and Controller from 2017 to 2021. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer at Managed Health Care Associates, a Roper subsidiary, from 2013 to 2017. He also led the financial planning and investor relations activities for Roper from 2006 to 2013. Before joining Roper, Mr. Conley served in various finance and accounting leadership roles at Honeywell International and Deloitte. John K. Stipancich , 56, has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since 2018 and as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from 2016 to 2018. Prior to joining Roper, Mr. Stipancich was with Newell Brands Inc., a consumer products company, from 2004 to May of 2016. At Newell Brands he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to 2016. Prior thereto, he served in a number of leadership roles at Newell Brands including General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and Executive Leader of its operations in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Prior to his twelve years at Newell Brands, Mr. Stipancich served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Evenflo Company and Assistant General Counsel for Borden, both KKR portfolio companies at the time. He started his legal career in the Cleveland office of the international law firm Squire Patton Boggs. Mr. Stipancich has been a director of Mativ Holdings, Inc., a global leader in specialty materials, since June 2024. 19 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock trades on Nasdaq under the symbol “ROP.” Based on information available to us and our transfer agent, there were approximately 611 record holders of our common stock as of February 14, 2025. Dividends – We have declared a cash dividend in each quarter since our February 1992 initial public offering and we have annually increased our dividend rate since our initial public offering. In November 2024, our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend paid January 17, 2025 to $0.825 per share from $0.75 per share, an increase of 10%. This is the consecutive year in which the Company has increased its dividend. The timing, declaration, and payment of future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our profitability, cash flows, financial condition, capital needs, future prospects, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Performance Graph – This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2024, the cumulative total stockholder return for our common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (the “S&P 500”), and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Information Technology Index (the “S&P 500 IT”). Measurement points are the last trading day of each of our fiscal years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024. The graph assumes that $100.00 was invested on December 31, 2019 in our common stock, the S&P 500, and the S&P 500 IT and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 12/31/2024 Roper Technologies, Inc. $ 100.00 $ 122.39 $ 140.35 $ 124.02 $ 157.40 $ 150.92 S&P 500 100.00 118.40 152.39 124.79 157.59 197.02 S&P 500 IT 100.00 143.89 193.58 139.00 219.40 299.72 The information set forth in Item 12 under the heading “Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans” is incorporated herein by reference. 20 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 21 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS All currency amounts are in millions unless specified This item generally discusses our 2024 results compared to our 2023 results. Discussions of our 2023 results compared to our 2022 results can be found within Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Overview Roper Technologies, Inc. (“Roper,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) is a diversified technology company. Roper has a proven, , successful track record of compounding cash flow and increasing shareholder value. We operate market leading businesses that design and develop vertical software and technology enabled products for a variety of defensible niche markets. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in revenue, earnings, and cash flow by enabling continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring businesses that offer high software, services, products, and solutions that we believe are capable of realizing growth while maintaining high margins. In November 2022, Roper completed the divestiture of a majority equity stake in its industrial businesses, including its entire historical Process Technologies reportable segment and the industrial businesses within its historical Measurement & Analytical Solutions reportable segment (collectively “Indicor”), to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC. Following the sale of the majority equity stake, Roper retained a minority equity interest in Indicor. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for additional information regarding Roper’s minority equity interest in Indicor. During 2021, Roper entered into definitive agreements to divest its TransCore, Zetec, and CIVCO Radiotherapy businesses (“2021 Divestitures”). Roper completed the 2021 Divestitures by March 2022. The financial results of Indicor and the 2021 Divestitures are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations relates to continuing operations. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for further information regarding discontinued operations. Segment Reporting Roper’s segment reporting structure is based on business model and delivery of performance obligations. The three reportable segments are as follows: –Application Software —Aderant, Clinisys, Data Innovations, Deltek, Frontline, IntelliTrans, PowerPlan, Procare, Strata, Transact/CBORD, Vertafore –Network Software —ConstructConnect, DAT, Foundry, iPipeline, iTradeNetwork, Loadlink, MHA, SHP, SoftWriters –Technology Enabled Products —CIVCO Medical Solutions, FMI, Inovonics, IPA, Neptune, Northern Digital, rf IDEAS, Verathon Financial information about our reportable segments is presented in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 22 Application of Critical Accounting Policies Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). A discussion of our significant accounting policies can also be found in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 included in this Annual Report. GAAP offers acceptable alternative methods for accounting for certain issues affecting our financial results, such as determining inventory cost, depreciating assets and recognizing revenue. Other than the changes during 2023 as further described in Note 10 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to the methodology used to value our equity investment in Indicor, we have not changed the application of acceptable accounting methods or the significant estimates affecting the application of these principles in the last three years in a manner that had a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and other supplemental disclosures. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. Although we believe the positions we have taken with regard to uncertainties are reasonable, others might reach different conclusions and our positions can change over time as more information becomes available. If an accounting estimate changes, its effects are accounted for prospectively or through a cumulative adjustment. Our most significant accounting uncertainties are encountered in the areas of income taxes, valuation of other intangible assets, goodwill and other intangibles impairment analyses, and valuation of our equity investment in Indicor. Estimates are considered to be significant if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and (2) changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to have a material financial impact from . Income taxes can be affected by estimates of whether and within which jurisdictions future earnings will occur and if, how, and when cash is repatriated to the U.S., combined with other aspects of an overall income tax strategy. Additionally, taxing jurisdictions could retroactively disagree with our tax treatment of certain items, and some historical transactions have income tax effects going forward. Accounting rules require these fut

[truncated]