Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Effective May 8, 2025, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. ("DHI Mortgage"), a subsidiary of D.R. Horton, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association, as a buyer, and as administrative agent ( "Administrative Agent" ) and other buyers listed as a buyer (collectively, the "Buyers") hereto entered into the Fourth Amendment (the "Amendment") to the Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of February 18, 2022 as amended prior to the date hereof (as so amended, the "Amended Repurchase Facility") . The Amended Repurchase Facility includes a Maximum Aggregate Commitment amount of $1.4 billion, with an accordion feature that allows for a Maximum Aggregate Commitment amount of up to $2.0 billion, based on the Administrative Agent obtaining increased committed sums from existing Buyers or through the addition of new buyers. Amounts outstanding under the Amended Repurchase Facility are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of its homebuilding, rental or Forestar operations. The term of the Amended Repurchase Facility extends through the earlier of (i) May 6, 2026 or (ii) the date when the Buyers’ commitments are terminated pursuant to the Amended Repurchase Facility, by order of any governmental authority or by operation of law. The Amended Repurchase Facility provides financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to Buyers against the transfer of funds by Buyers (thereby becoming purchased loans). The purchase transactions are based on the terms and conditions in the Amended Repurchase Facility and the ancillary or operative agreements attached thereto or referred to therein. The Amendment is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. Capitalized terms not defined herein are defined in the Amended Repurchase Facility or as provided therein. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth above under Item 1.01. "Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement" is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits 10.1 Fourth Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2025, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101). 2 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. D.R. Horton, Inc. Date: May 9, 2025 By: / S / B ILL W. W HEAT Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 3