Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Effective May 6, 2026, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. ("DHI Mortgage"), a subsidiary of D.R. Horton, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association, as a buyer, and as administrative agent ("U.S. Bank" or "Administrative Agent") and other buyers listed as a buyer (collectively, the "Buyers") hereto entered into the Fifth Amendment (the "Amendment") to the Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of February 18, 2022 as amended prior to the date hereof (as so amended, the "Amended Repurchase Facility"). Pursuant to the terms of the Amendment, the parties agreed to, among other things, (i) increase the Maximum Aggregate Commitment amount to $1.925 billion, (ii) extend the maturity date to May 4, 2029, subject to additional extension options, (iii) modify certain pricing terms and fees, and (iv) modify certain financial covenants. Amounts outstanding under the Amended Repurchase Facility are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the debt of its homebuilding, rental or Forestar operations. The Amended Repurchase Facility provides financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to Buyers against the transfer of funds by Buyers (thereby becoming purchased loans). The purchase transactions are based on the terms and conditions in the Amended Repurchase Facility and the ancillary or operative agreements attached thereto or referred to therein, including the Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Custody Agreement, dated May 6, 2026, by and between DHI Mortgage and U.S. Bank. The Amendment is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. Capitalized terms not defined herein are defined in the Amended Repurchase Facility or as provided therein. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth above under Item 1.01. "Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement" is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits 10.1 Fifth Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated May 6, 2026, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Joint Book Runner, Joint Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101). 2 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. D.R. Horton, Inc. Date: May 12, 2026 By: / S / B ILL W. W HEAT Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 3