Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 32 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 33 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 67 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 67 Item 9B. Other Information 67 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 67 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 68 Item 11. Executive Compensation 68 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 68 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 68 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 68 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 69 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 78 Signatures 79 i Table of Contents DISCLOSURE REGARDING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes “ statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “desire”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “may”, “strategy”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “outlook”, “scenario”, “guidance”, and similar expressions are statements. statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental and social matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services including customer acceptance of new offerings and initiatives, macroeconomic conditions and consumer spending, share repurchases, and Lowe’s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. For a detailed description of the risks and uncertainties that we are exposed to, you should read Item 1A , “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Annual Report. statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements other than as required by law. ii Table of Contents Part I Item 1 - Business General Information Lowe’s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company or Lowe’s) is a Fortune ® 50 company and the world’s second largest home improvement retailer. As of January 31, 2025, Lowe’s opera ted 1,748 home improvement stores and outlets in the United States, representing approximately 195 million sq uare feet of retail selling space. Lowe’s was founded in 1921 with the opening of its first hardware store in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The Company was incorporated in North Carolina in 1952 and has been publicly held since 1961. The Company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange - ticker symbol “LOW”. For additional information about the Company’s performance and financial condition, see Item 7 , “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, of this Annual Report. Our Strategy Lowe’s is an omnichannel retailer whose focus is on helping customers solve problems and fulfill dreams for their homes by providing an excellent customer experience, creating a great place to work for our associates, and improving our communities, which we believe will create , sustainable value for our shareholders. In fiscal 2024, we continued to execute on our Total Home strategy that was introduced in fiscal 2020, by focusing on serving the professional customer (Pro customer), accelerating our online business, expanding installation services, improving localization efforts and elevating our product assortment. In December 2024, we updated our Total Home strategy, aligned with the key drivers of home improvement demand, to help our customers solve their home improvement needs with more value and exceptional service. The five pillars of our Total Home strategy are as follows: Drive Pro penetration Accelerate online sales Expand home services Create a loyalty ecosystem Increase space productivity • We continue to transform our Pro offerings to drive Pro penetration by continuing to enhance our Pro product assortment, investing in inventory of Pro products, launching our redesigned loyalty program, improving job site delivery capabilities, and rolling out our new Pro extended aisle. • We are investing in our omnichannel retail capabilities to accelerate our online business through project design tools and our online product marketplace. • We are expanding our installation services to create a high value simplified installation solution, which are provided by our network of independent installers or outsourced to our model that sells, furnishes, and installs both smaller refresh projects and more complex projects. • We are creating a loyalty ecosystem that drives brand preference and includes building out our MyLowe’s Rewards infrastructure for both Pro and (DIY) customers. • Finally, we are increasing space productivity by optimizing our assortments and tailoring them to the local markets, and balancing our private brands with our national brands. Our Customers and Market The home improvement market in which we operate is highly fragmented, serving Pro customers, individual homeowners, and renters completing a wide array of projects that vary along the spectrum of DIY and (DIFM). The Pro customer at Lowe’s is primarily the small to medium sized Pro, which includes three broad categories: tradespeople, repair and remodelers, and property managers. 1 Table of Contents There are many variables that affect consumer demand for the home improvement products and services we offer. Key indicators we monitor include home price appreciation, age of the housing stock, real disposable personal income, and housing turnover. We also monitor demographic and societal trends that shape home improvement industry growth over time as the US population moves through major life stages and events. These include strong millennial household formation, an increased preference among older generations to age in place, and the persistence of remote work. Our Competition The home improvement industry includes a broad competitive landscape that continues to evolve. We compete with national and regional home improvement warehouse chains and lumber yards in most of the markets we serve. We also compete with traditional hardware, plumbing, electrical, and home supply retailers, as well as paint stores, lumber yards, garden centers, and maintenance and repair organizations. In addition, we compete with general merchandise retailers, home goods specialty stores, warehouse clubs, online retailers, other specialty retailers, providers of equipment and tool rental, service providers that install home improvement products, and wholesalers that provide products and services to homeowners, renters, businesses, and the government. Location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, and customer service continue to be key competitive factors in our industry, while the evolution of technology, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies, expansion of fulfillment capabilities, and customer expectations also underscore the importance of omnichannel capabilities as a competitive factor. See further discussion of competition in Item 1A , “Risk Factors”, of this Annual Report. Our Omnichannel Capabilities We are committed to meeting customer demand to shop however, whenever, and wherever they choose. Our omnichannel network provides a single view of the customer, no matter where they place their order, whether , online, or through the contact center. This allows our customers to move from channel to channel with simple and seamless transitions even within the same transaction. For example, for many projects, the majority of our customers conduct research online before making an purchase. For purchases made on Lowes.com, customers may pick up their purchase at the customer service desk, curbside, or from touchless lockers, or have their purchase delivered to their home or business. In addition, flexible fulfillment options are available for purchases and those made through the contact center. Regardless of the channels through which customers choose to engage with us, we strive to provide them with a seamless experience across channels and an extended aisle of products, enabled by our flexible fulfillment capabilities. Our ability to sell products , online, , or through our contact centers speaks to our leverage of our existing infrastructure with the omnichannel capabilities we continue to introduce. Our 1,748 Lowe’s-branded home improvement stores and outlet stores are generally open seven days per week and average approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space, plus approximately 32,000 square feet of outdoor garden center selling space. Our home improvement stores offer similar products and services, with certain variations based on localization, along with a dedicated team of knowledgeable and friendly frontline associates available to assist our customers. We continue to develop and implement productivity tools, including our transformation and freight flow optimization initiatives, to enhance the efficiency of our sales associates and improve the customer experience. Our Lowe’s Outlet stores have a smaller format and offer value to our customers through incremental savings on discontinued, overstocked, or scratch and dent items. Online Through our websites and mobile applications, we seek to empower consumers by providing a 24/7 shopping experience, product information, customer ratings and reviews, buying guides, videos, and other information. These tools help consumers make more informed purchasing decisions and give them increased confidence to undertake home improvement projects. We enable customers to choose from a variety of fulfillment options, including buying online and picking up , curbside , delivery through our gig network, and shipment to their homes or businesses. Further, we also offer digital inspiration, design, and project management tools across our destination home improvement categories. We have specialists available for retail and Pro customers to assist them in selecting products and services for their projects. Our Pro sales managers meet with Pro customers at their place of business or on a job site and leverage nearby stores and our distribution network to ensure we meet customer needs for products and resources. In addition, our Sales program is available in the majority of our stores to discuss various exterior projects such as windows, doors, and fencing, whose characteristics lend themselves to an consultative sales approach. 2 Table of Contents Contact Centers Lowe’s operates contact centers utilizing a combination of internal staffing and providers. These contact centers help Lowe’s enable an omnichannel customer experience by providing the ability to tender sales, assist with order management, coordinate deliveries, manage installations, and answer general customer questions via phone, mail, e-mail, live chat, and social media. Our Products Product Selection To meet customers’ varying needs, we offer a complete line of products for construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and decorating. We offer home improvement products in the following categories: Appliances, Seasonal & Outdoor Living, Lumber, Lawn & Garden, Kitchens & Bath, Hardware, Building Materials, Millwork, Paint, Rough Plumbing, Tools, Electrical, Flooring, and Décor. A typical Lowe’s-branded home improvement store stocks approximately 40,000 items, with additional items available through our online selling channel. Our product assortments offered strive to meet the needs of the local market for the Pro and DIY customer. See Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 , “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, of this Annual Report for historical revenues by product category for each of the last three fiscal years. We are committed to offering a wide selection of national merchandise complemented by our selection of private brands. We are balancing our private brands with our national power brands, intensifying our localization efforts and expanding our rural assortment. In addition, we are dedicated to selling products sourced in a socially responsible, efficient, and manner. Supply Chain We source our products from vendors worldwide and believe that alternative and competitive suppliers are available for virtually all of our products. Whenever possible, we purchase directly from manufacturers to provide savings for customers and improve our gross margin. To efficiently replenish our stores and meet our customers’ expectations for fast fulfillment and delivery, we own and operate more than 120 supply chain facilities in our network. These facilities include regional distribution centers (RDCs), flatbed distribution centers (FDCs), import distribution centers (IDCs), bulk distribution centers (BDCs), terminals (XDTs), and Fulfillment Centers (FCs). Fulfillment centers, along with many of our stores, ship product directly to our customers. In addition, we leverage our existing supply chain to deliver directly to our Pro customers. Each one of these distribution nodes plays a critical role in our Total Home strategy and collectively enable our products to get to their destination as efficiently as possible. The FDCs distribute merchandise that requires special handling due to size or type of packaging such as lumber, boards, panel products, pipe, siding, ladders, and building materials. On average, each RDC and FDC serves approximately 115 stores. Our Pro fulfillment network stocks deeper quantities of our top Pro assortments and has expanded capabilities to handle large orders on multiple flat bed trucks. Our IDCs were expanded to create more capacity to hold import product at the coast, which improves our network’s agility to move inventory where and when it is needed. Our BDCs handle appliances and other big and bulky products, and our XDTs fulfill final mile box truck deliveries of these products. Our supply chain supports every pillar of our Total Home strategy, and as such, we continue to invest and transform our network to unlock our omnichannel capabilities while keeping our organization’s sustainability goals top of mind. As part of the completion of the rollout of our delivery model, we expanded to additional geographic areas and enhanced our distribution capacity for big and bulky products. As of fiscal year 2024, we have finalized the of our delivery model. We have also been focused on improving the speed of our delivery capabilities for our customers. As of fiscal year 2024, most items fulfilled by Lowe’s can be ordered by a customer and delivered within two business days or less at standard shipping rates. Also, the nationwide expansion of our gig provider network enables delivery of certain products from our stores, and as of fiscal 2024, we have the ability to deliver major appliances in almost every zip code in the United States. Customer needs and buying patterns are constantly changing, and our supply chain will continue to evolve to meet their needs. We are building an omnichannel supply chain that positions the right products in the right quantities in the right places, and operates with greater network capacity with better flow management and optimization. 3 Table of Contents Our Services Installed Sales We offer installation services through independent contractors in many of our product categories, with Kitchen & Bath, Flooring, Appliances, Millwork, and Rough Plumbing accounting for the majority of installed sales. Our installed sales model, which separates selling and project administration tasks, allows our sales associates to focus on project selling, while project managers ensure that the details related to installing the products are efficiently executed. We are simplifying the process through a team of remote associates that we call our central selling team. This team handles building quotes, answering questions over video or phone call, and providing personalized support to our customers. We are also implementing technology that allows our customers to finalize their installation contract and checkout on lowes.com or mobile application, so they do not need to return to the store. Installed sales, which includes both product and labor, accounted for approximately 5% of total sales in fiscal 2024. Lowe’s Protection Plans and Repair Services We offer extended protection plans for certain products within the Appliances, Kitchens & Bath, Décor, Millwork, Rough Plumbing, Electrical, Seasonal & Outdoor Living, Tools, and Hardware categories. These protection plans provide customers with product protection that enhances the coverage offered by the manufacturer’s warranty and provide additional benefits and repair services that extend beyond the manufacturer’s warranty. Seasonality and Working Capital The home improvement business in general is subject to seasonal influences, particularly related to the spring selling season. Historically, we have realized the highest volume of sales during our second fiscal quarter (May, June, and July) and the lowest volume of sales during our fourth fiscal quarter (November, December, and January). Accordingly, our working capital requirements have historically been greater during our fourth fiscal quarter as we build inventory in anticipation of the spring selling season and as we experience lower fourth fiscal quarter sales volumes. We fund our working capital requirements primarily through cash flows generated from operations, but also with borrowings, as needed. For more detailed information, see the Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 , “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, of this Annual Report. Intellectual Property The name “Lowe’s” is a registered service mark of one of our subsidiaries. We consider this mark and logo and the accompanying goodwill and name recognition to be valuable to our business. This subsidiary owns and maintains various additional registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks and trade names, including private brand product names, such as, “Kobalt”, “STAINMASTER”, and “allen+roth.” This subsidiary also maintains various Internet domain names that are important to our business, and we also own registered and unregistered copyrights. In addition, we maintain patent portfolios related to some of our products and services and seek to patent or otherwise protect certain innovations that we incorporate into our products, services, or business operations. Government Regulation We are subject to a wide array of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. We do not currently expect compliance with these laws and regulations to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Human Capital When it comes to attracting and retaining top talent, Lowe’s strives to be the employer of choice in retail. At Lowe’s we are committed to creating valuable career opportunities for our associates, supporting them and the communities where they live, and cultivating a culture that invites and encourages diverse opinions and ideas. We would like our associates to see Lowe’s as a “Home to Possibility” with good jobs, a sense of belonging, and a promising future. As a testament to our commitments, in fiscal 2024 we received several notable employer of choice awards, including being named on the National Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion, Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies Specialty Retailer, 2024 Great Place to Work Certified - U.S. and India, Fair360 Top 50 Noteworthy Company for Workplace Fairness, 2024 American Opportunity Index Top 100 Company, and a Best Corporation for Veteran’s Business Enterprises of the Year. 4 Table of Contents Our People As of January 31, 2025, Lowe’s employed approximately 161,000 associates and 109,000 associates, primarily in the United States and India. During the spring season, we temporarily expand our workforce by hiring associates in and positions to meet the elevated levels of demand. At Lowe’s, we have a proactive associate listening strategy, most notably through our annual engagement survey. In fiscal 2024, more than 90% of our associates participated in our survey, and our people leaders use the feedback to improve our associate experience. Creating Good Jobs We have a strong track record of investing in our workforce by offering locally competitive salaries and wages. As of fiscal 2024, our minimum wage starts at $15 per hour, which helps us remain competitive for talent in all of our markets. These investments include incremental wages and compensation for our frontline associates, which included creating many new roles for our associates to grow into as they advance along their career path. We offer an array of health, welfare, and financial benefits to our and associates, including health care and insurance benefits, retirement plans, an employee stock purchase plan, paid time off, and leave programs, among many others. We have implemented workforce management tools that enable us to offer various scheduling options to our associates to foster an improved experience in balancing their work and life responsibilities. This includes such options for a shortened workweek, consistent shifts, or consecutive days off. Our focus on the associate experience begins at initial application. The implementation of improved technology in the hiring process has simplified the experience for those looking to join Lowe’s and helped to drive the experience overall. We have Spanish language capabilities to promote bilingual hiring by guiding candidates through the full application process. Providing a safe environment for both working and shopping is our highest priority at Lowe’s. We strive to maintain a culture of safety, which begins with our leaders modeling the behaviors we want our associates to adopt. We embed safety into associate onboarding, developmental e-learning, and training. Sense of Belonging We believe that by building diverse and inclusive teams with a range of perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences, and equal opportunity for all, we drive better ideas, positive business results, and improve service through a deeper connection with the diverse communities we serve. Earlier this year, we evolved our diversity and inclusion initiatives, combining our eight Business Resource Groups into one umbrella associate engagement organization. By shifting to one, unified program, Lowe’s is able to foster networking and development for all associates across all areas of the business. Additionally, we eliminated our sponsorship of outside festivals, parades, and fairs to focus on our four community pillars: safe and affordable housing, community improvements, skilled trades education, and disaster response. Finally, we are evaluating our participation in external surveys, factoring in the goals of each survey and whether we will gain any actionable insights as a result of our participation. These changes were made with the goal of creating a more respectful and inclusive workplace for all of our associates. Promising Future We are committed to securing top talent and providing ongoing training and other developmental opportunities to facilitate meaningful careers at Lowe’s. We offer a variety of leadership and development programs that build and reinforce /professional skills, business acumen, and leadership skills to prepare leaders for their next role. Our focus on leadership development enables us to grow talent internally and has resulted in more than 85% of store leadership positions being filled internally in the last year. Our Lowe's University offerings include the District Manager and Store Manager immersive leadership experience programs, delivered from the Lowe’s University training center; the store department supervisor fundamentals series; the field supply chain leadership director, manager, and supervisor experience programs; and the certification programs for store and technology associates that further develop their skills and knowledge base. In addition, our Lowe’s University offerings include an Assistant Store Manager leadership training to further develop our store leaders. Additionally, through Lowe’s Track to the Trades program, we offer all Lowe’s associates the opportunity to enroll in programs to complete apprentice certifications in electrical, plumbing, HVAC, appliance repair, or maintenance. The program also connects them with Pros to help them start a career in their area of interest. The Track to the Trades program 5 Table of Contents demonstrates Lowe’s commitment to our industry and the communities we serve. This program, combined with our education program, are further examples of how we are investing in the development of our associates. Corporate Responsibility We take our role as a Fortune ® 50 retailer seriously by managing our business responsibly and focusing on serving our associates and improving the communities where we live and work. Sustainability objectives are integrated into our business operations, particularly by focusing on the three pillars of our sustainability strategy: our people and communities, product sustainability, and operational excellence, which includes reducing the environmental footprint of our operations, which we believe will help drive shareholder value. In fiscal 2024, for the sixth consecutive year, Lowe’s was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index based on our environmental, social, and operational practices. Investing in our Communities We understand the important role Lowe’s plays in supporting our communities through our philanthropic efforts. With our community engagement initiatives and continued partnerships with nonprofits across the nation, we are revitalizing neighborhoods, improving community spaces, responding when natural disasters strike, and preparing the next generation of skilled tradespeople. We carry out these initiatives with a special focus on veterans, the active military community, and first responders. Additionally, since awarding its first Gable Grants in 2023, the Lowe’s Foundation has invested over $25 million to help expand skilled trades career pathways through a growing network of community colleges and nonprofits in rural and urban communities. From funding new skilled trade facilities and instructors to accreditation programs, these grants support carpentry and construction, HVAC, electrical, plumbing, and appliance repair training. Product Sustainability We are committed to promoting sustainable practices throughout our supply chain and providing customers with , high quality, and safe products. Our products undergo a thorough selection process, beginning with our sourcing decisions. Through collaboration and established management systems, we monitor our suppliers’ practices to secure products from suppliers who support worker rights and protect the environment. Lowe’s human rights policy supports the fundamental principles of human rights, as defined by the “Universal Declaration of Human Rights.” We continue to hold all suppliers to our rigorous standards through our human rights policy, our conflict minerals policy, and our Vendor Code of Conduct, which includes enhanced environmental standards. In addition, we have a wood sourcing policy with principles that we expect our vendors to follow, including no illegal logging; no deforestation; no sourcing of endangered species; the protection and preservation of biodiversity; and undergoing and securing Free, Prior and Informed Consent, as defined by the United Nations, wherever applicable. We have enhanced our wood sourcing policy to include a more robust approach, including new wood sourcing risk levels by country, improved monitoring practices, and a new forestry grievance process. We are dedicated to empowering our customers to lead more sustainable lives while minimizing the environmental footprint of our products. We continue to expand our offering of independently certified products that have validated environmental claims, preserve and protect natural resources, and help customers decrease energy and water consumption. We work with local and regional utilities to offer customers assorted rebates for a variety of efficient products including ENERGY STAR ® and WaterSense ® . Reducing our Environmental Footprint We are committed to mitigating climate change by reducing the environmental impact of our operations and supply chain through reducing carbon emissions with investments in energy efficiency, use of renewable energy, environmentally friendly transportation practices, and innovative water and waste management systems. Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions In December 2022, Lowe’s established a goal to reach emissions across the Company’s scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions by 2050. Lowe’s has since increased its interim emissions targets for 2030 and committed to decreasing its scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% and reducing scope 3 emissions by 25% below 2021 levels. We report our progress annually in Lowe’s Corporate Responsibility Report, to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), and via lowes.com/ . The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 6 Table of Contents To reach these targets, Lowe’s will focus on increasing operational efficiency and working to reduce emissions across Lowe's entire value chain. We are making further investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy within our operations, while exploring emerging technologies to reduce emissions associated with our vehicle fleet and facilities. Over the past three years, we have spent more than $300 million across multiple projects including replacing stores’ aging HVAC units with high efficiency models, installing and updating building management systems, installing pallet grinders, and completing indoor LED lighting upgrades. Lowe’s continues to partner with our suppliers to decrease our scope 3 GHG emissions. We encourage suppliers to report their emissions to CDP, giving suppliers more insight into how they generate emissions, which is the first step toward helping them reduce upstream emissions. This collaboration can help suppliers increase their operational efficiency and reduce their emissions through the use of renewable energy and innovations. When our suppliers mitigate their impacts on the climate, Lowe’s own scope 3 emissions can be reduced. Procuring renewable energy is another lever to reduce our emissions footprint. Our first renewable power purchase agreement, the Mesquite Star wind farm in Texas, went live in fiscal 2020 and is now in its fifth year of operation. As we strive to establish a pipeline of other offsite renewable projects, several projects are planned to become active over the next few years. Lowe’s is a member of the Clean Energy Buyers Association to evaluate and explore new opportunities and technologies across renewable energy markets (e.g., community solar, power purchase agreements), as well as implementing solar generation in multiple states. In fiscal 2023, we announced plans to install rooftop solar panels at 174 store and distribution center locations nationwide, including more than 50 sites already in operation. More than 100 sites were operational by the end of fiscal 2024. Once each site is completed, the solar panels will provide approximately 90% of the energy usage at each location. We are dedicated to promoting sustainable practices in the transportation industry, and we collaborate with the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) SmartWay program to reduce transportation emissions by managing and reducing fuel usage through incentives for freight contractors to improve efficiency. We are an EPA SmartWay program partner and aim for 100% SmartWay certification for our transportation providers. This program provides access to comprehensive data and oversight of scope 3 emissions associated with our U.S. transportation footprint. Waste We partner with suppliers to improve recycling and waste diversion, develop regional management processes, measure waste streams, and conduct waste audits. At a local level, store waste, including cardboard, broken appliances, and wood pallets, is recycled through national and regional partners, and we provide recycling and reuse centers for our customers to bring in plastic planter pots, compact fluorescent lamp bulbs, plastic bags, and rechargeable batteries. In our fourth year collaborating with How2Recycle, we continue to educate customers and encourage proper recycling of our product packaging. As technology and innovative practices improve, we will continue to explore opportunities to participate in the circular economy. Water While our water consumption is modest compared with other industries, we continue to focus on reducing water consumption within our operations. We use smart irrigation controllers for efficient watering at most stores and have been exploring other measures to increase water savings in our stores and garden centers. Additionally, we use leak detection technology to catch leaks as they occur to prevent unnecessary water use. We also have protocols in place to manage the disposal of chemicals to prevent release into waterways of the communities we serve. Corporate Responsibility Reporting Lowe’s participates in the CDP’s climate change, forests, and water security questionnaires to benchmark and quantify our environmental practices and provide transparency on our progress. Lowe’s continues to externally verify our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, as well as scope 3 Use of Sold Product GHG emissions and water usage data to increase confidence in our reporting. Additionally, our annual Corporate Responsibility Report is guided by the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board, the Global Reporting Initiative, and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, and we publish our Task Force on Financial Disclosures Report to assess our risks and opportunities and better understand the potential impacts on our value chain. Additional information regarding our activities related to our human capital strategy, as well as our workforce diversity data, latest community improvement projects, and sustainability efforts can be found in our Corporate Responsibility Report and Culture, Diversity & Inclusion Report, which are published annually and can be found on our website at responsibility.lowes.com . The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 7 Table of Contents Available Information Our Annual Report, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge through our Internet website at ir.lowes.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site, www.sec.gov , that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Item 1A - Risk Factors We describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation, or business prospects. These risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented, or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and reports on other forms we file with the SEC. All statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this Annual Report, in our Annual Report to Lowe’s Shareholders, and in our subsequently filed reports to the SEC, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 . There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this Annual Report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Strategic, Competitive, Operational, and Reputational Risks We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. The home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers’ changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings, as well as consumer spending. Customers’ expectations about how they wish to research, purchase, and receive products and services have also evolved. It is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively meet customer expectations. Customers also have evolving preferences and expectations related to the sustainability of our products and operations. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, and implement related strategic initiatives successfully, could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. We may not be able to realize the intended benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on providing an omnichannel shopping experience to our customers if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers’ expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers’ changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to, and will continue to require us to, deliver large, complex programs requiring 8 Table of Contents integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to, and will need to continue to, adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. To the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers’ expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the Company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment. We have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our strategic initiatives effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors. The principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, levels, customer service, and the evolution of technology and customer expectations. We face growing competition from online and omnichannel retailers who have a similar product or service offering. Customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine product availability and price using digital tools. We will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization and integration of rapidly evolving technologies, including AI and machine learning technologies. Further, online and omnichannel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times, including and fulfillment, or free shipping, and convenient options, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers’ evolving shopping preferences. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our delivery model, and our relationships with third parties providing delivery services. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. Moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results. If we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, our labor costs and results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our customers expect our associates to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide. We compete with other retailers for many of our associates, and we are experiencing a competitive labor market with low unemployment. Increasingly, our sales associates must have expanded skill sets. It is important that we attract and retain a qualified workforce that can deliver relevant, competent, and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers. Additionally, in order to deliver on the omnichannel expectations of our customers and related strategic objectives, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors. Further, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. The loss of key executive or senior officers or our failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management personnel could impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and the adoption of new or revised legislation or regulations governing immigration, employment, labor relations, minimum wage, health care benefits, and family and medical leave. We are subject to upward pressure on associate wages and benefits, which in turn increases labor costs. Additionally, many associates are in or roles with historically higher turnover rates, which leads to increased training and retention costs. Further, we are subject to labor organizing efforts from time to time, and if we become subject to collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could affect how we operate our business. Our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. In addition to our United States operations, we have support 9 Table of Contents offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors, associates, and shareholders, and consequently, our business and results of operations. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe’s, our vendors want to do business with Lowe’s, and our associates want to work for Lowe’s. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe’s public image and reputation. Lowe’s actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation. In addition, failure to meet our stated environmental and social objectives, and consumer, shareholder, and other stakeholder concerns about our environmental and social practices are potential sources of reputational risk. Vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers’ confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations, affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates, and attract regulatory scrutiny. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and negative social media campaigns related to certain initiatives, including those related to diversity and inclusion, and changes in those initiatives. Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times may adversely impact our relationships with our associates, customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders. In addition, the use of social media platforms and other technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other actions. Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. If we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. Product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in Lowe’s and our brand image. If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks. As a result, Lowe’s reputation as a retailer of products and services, including both national and Lowe’s private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty. Additionally, we and our customers have expectations on responsible sourcing and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Under our Vendor Code of Conduct, our vendors are required to meet our expectations across multiple areas of compliance, including health and safety, environmental standards, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. Where appropriate, we request that our vendors provide additional documentation proving their compliance in these areas. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. Actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns or vendor exposes us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and could, and in certain instances in the past has, resulted in costly product recalls, the inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, and other liabilities. Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to maintain our store base and maintain appropriate levels of inventory and failure to do so may affect our business, financial condition and result of operations. We have a store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. Our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the convenience or relevant shopping experience our customers expect. It is important that we maintain appropriate levels of inventory in our stores and supply chain facilities and respond to changing customer demands. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (known as “shrink”). Higher rates of shrink, which we have experienced from time to time, including as a result of organized retail crime, can require operational changes that may increase costs and adversely impact customer and associate experience. 10 Table of Contents Supply Chain and Risks Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors including, but not limited to, global health crises, geopolitical conflicts, trade policy changes, and additional tariffs, have affected and may continue to affect our business and results of operations. We source, stock, and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. Catastrophic events, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and global economic and political conditions may adversely affect our global supply chain. For example, impacts related to the pandemic placed strains on the domestic and international supply chain, which negatively affected the flow and availability of our products in the past, due to difficulties in timely obtaining products from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products. We source, both directly and indirectly, a portion of the products we sell from foreign manufacturers, with China and Mexico being the dominant import sources. Tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries, such as China and Mexico, increase the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the United States, which represents a large percentage of our private branded and national brand merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs, customs actions, or trade relations may evolve in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income. In addition, other countries have responded by changing their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations already enacted or that may be enacted in the future. Complications in the free movement of goods in North America, an escalation of tariff activity elsewhere in the world or changes to existing free trade agreements, like the United Agreement (USMCA), could adversely impact our financial results. Increased import tariffs and other changes in trade policy could also negatively impact consumer demand for the products we sell. In addition to the potential direct impacts of increased tariff activity, longer term macroeconomic consequences could result, including slower growth, inflation, and higher interest rates. The degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs. The impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases by us and our competitors. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results. Financial instability among key vendors, political instability, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in our supply chain, changes in the total costs in our supply chain (including fuel), labor costs or labor shortages among our vendors, port labor disputes and security, the outbreak of pandemics, events, natural disasters, work stoppages, shipping capacity restraints, shipping delays and disruptions, changes in trade policy, retaliatory trade restrictions imposed by either the United States or a major source country, tariffs or duties, customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, fluctuations in transport availability, capacity, and costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if they seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply chain or increased their costs. In recent years, U.S. ports have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, events, and natural disasters. Additionally, as we add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs, or merchandise that could lead to lost sales and decreased customer confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. We continue to transform and expand our supply chain network and existing omnichannel capabilities to meet changing customer needs. These investments are designed to promote greater network capacity and better flow management and optimization while leveraging a market delivery model. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of these investments, projects, and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with implementing new technologies, restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate facility locations, addressing impacts on inventory levels, and managing service providers, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 11 Table of Contents Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of both national brand and private branded products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. We form strategic relationships, some of which are exclusive, with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national brand names. We also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell private branded products which differentiate us from other retailers. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. Failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell. We also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. Many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected, or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them. Failures relating to our installer program or by our installers have resulted in and could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We contract with installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including certain licensing and permitting requirements, and those relating to the quality and performance of our installers. We have faced investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including an investigation with respect to whether we are in compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements and practices. Any adverse result following such investigations could negatively affect our operations. In addition, failures by us or our installers to effectively manage such requirements and internal processes regarding installation services have, from time to time, resulted in, and in the future could result in lost sales, fines, and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, and may result in the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could negatively affect our business. Technology and Cybersecurity Risks Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. We also engage vendors for a variety of reasons, including for digital storage technology and content delivery. Such vendors may have access to information about our customers, associates, or vendors. Our systems and the systems of vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence. Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. In particular, the Company is undergoing a technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs and other significant disruptions. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. The failure of technology systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Access to the Internet from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile communication devices has empowered our customers and changed the way they shop and how we interact with them. Our websites, primarily Lowes.com, are a sales channel for our products, and are also a method of making product, project, and other relevant information available to our customers that impacts our sales. Additionally, we have other affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, , establish online communities among, and otherwise interact with, our customers, including 12 Table of Contents through online visualization and configuration tools. Performance issues with these technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware, or other , or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers’ perceptions of Lowe’s as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services. Our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or Company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the threat and improved data protection methods. As with many other retailers, we collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary and business, personal and payment card information. Additionally, we use service providers for certain services, such as authentication, content delivery, support, fraud prevention, order and service fulfillment, supply chain management, customer service, workforce management, and other functions, and we provide such service providers with personal and other confidential information necessary for the services concerned. In the normal course of business, we and our service providers have in the past and will likely continue to experience cybersecurity threats and incidents, and certain of our service providers have been subject to disruption due to ransomware and other . Although, we do not believe such cybersecurity threats or incidents have had a material impact on us to date, there is no guarantee that a future cybersecurity threat or incident will be detected and remediated to not have a material adverse impact on our business strategy, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. It can be difficult to preempt or detect forms of , and we and our service providers may not be able to adequately anticipate or prevent a future breach in our or their systems that results in the unauthorized access to, destruction, misuse, or release of personal information or other sensitive data. The increased levels of remote access to our information systems and the continued use of remote work infrastructure has further increased the possible attack surfaces, and we are exposed to increased risk to the security of our information systems or the information systems of vendors and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. A ransomware attack could prevent us or our service providers from accessing data or systems that support Lowe’s operations. Our information security or our service providers’ information security may also be compromised because of human errors or acts, including by associates, or system errors. Our systems and our service providers’ systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or , including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, and ransomware. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss, or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, drive existing and potential customers away and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, or potential liability, including possible litigation and punitive damages. A security breach resulting in the unauthorized release of data from our information systems or our service providers’ information systems would also materially increase the costs we already incur to protect against such risks and require dedication of substantial resources to manage the aftermath of such a breach. We maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage although such insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur or may not cover certain cyber incidents. Additionally, the rapid evolution of AI and machine learning technologies and the implementation of pilot programs integrating generative AI into our internal and systems may intensify our cybersecurity risks and create new risks to our business, operations, and financial condition. Data privacy and cybersecurity laws are constantly changing, and the implementation of these laws has become more complex. In order to maintain our compliance with such laws as they come to fruition, we may sustain increased costs and change our business policies and processes in order to adapt to new requirements that are or become applicable to us. As the regulatory environment relating to retailers’ and other companies’ obligation to protect personal information becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions, or government investigation, and potentially to lawsuits brought by private individuals, regulators or states’ attorney general. Such violation or perceived violation of privacy, including improper collection, use of sharing of personal information, or failure to sufficiently disclose privacy practice, can adversely affect the trust that customers, associates, and business partners have in us related to their personal information. 13 Table of Contents See Item 1C of this Form 10-K, “Cybersecurity,” for more information on our cybersecurity risk management and governance. We are subject to risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and credit cards, trade credit, mobile and electronic payments, gift cards, cash, consumer invoicing and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks’ costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. Additionally, we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards, promotional financing, and other forms of electronic payment, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. National outages with our credit and debit processor have resulted in lost sales and declined transactions after purchases. Future occurrences of such failures in third party systems are difficult to predict and may adversely affect our operations in unexpected ways. Our growing use of AI and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with algorithm development or use, the tools and data sets used and/or a complex, developing regulatory environment. We currently leverage internally developed and developed AI, including both predictive and generative solutions, to facilitate a more efficient operation of our business and to enhance the experience of our customers. We have developed an AI framework designed to enhance the customer experience and unlock productivity across three pillars – how we sell, how we shop, and how we work. We use solutions designed to enable quick and personalized customer interactions, design assistance platforms, and tools for better forecasting, sourcing, inventory planning, and faster fulfillment. We face risk of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to better serve customers, drive internal efficiencies, and create new or enhanced products or services. Additionally, we are making investments to expand our AI capabilities in our business, including ongoing deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies, as well as developing new features using AI technologies. We anticipate increased investments in the future to improve our use of AI, however, there can be no assurance that the development or usage of, or our investments in, AI will always enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business. Further, the rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment relating to AI and privacy could impact our implementation of AI technology and increase compliance costs and the risk of . Flaws, breaches, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, erroneous , regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, or legal liability. Risks Our strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies, and other various benefits. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. Integration of businesses into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Additionally, we have recognized material impairments in the past and may do so in the future, including in connection with assets we have acquired or divested in a strategic transaction or charges to earnings associated with any strategic transaction, which have and may in the future materially reduce our earnings. Our shareholders may react unfavorably to our strategic transactions and strategic transactions may also be subject to regulatory uncertainty due to the changing enforcement landscape. We may not 14 Table of Contents realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions, we may be exposed to additional liabilities of any acquired business or joint venture, and we may be exposed to litigation in connection with the strategic transaction. Further, we may finance these strategic transactions by incurring additional debt, which could increase leverage or impact our ability to access capital in the future. Legal, Regulatory and Other External Risks Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy. Adverse changes in macroeconomic factors specific to the home improvement industry have in the past and may in the future negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales. Many macroeconomic factors have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our financial performance. These include, but are not limited to, periods of slow economic growth or recession, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe’s and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, the impact of rising interest rates, consumer debt levels, changes in tax rates and policy, outbreak of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, geopolitical or armed conflicts, and acts of both domestic and international terrorism. Additionally, in fiscal 2024, we continued to operate in an environment with inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, which has adversely impacted consumer discretionary spending. If cost inflation of merchandise increases beyond our ability to control or respond effectively, we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. Sales of many of our product categories and services are driven by the activity level of home improvement projects. Adverse development in these factors could result in a decrease in home improvement activity which could reduce demand for our products and services. Our business has been and could continue to be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, as well as other catastrophic events, which could impact our operations. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions, such as major or

[truncated]