BETA Close X Mears Group PLC announced the appointment of Dame Oriana Clare Tickell as a Non-Executive Director, effective April 1, 2026, bringing over three decades of experience in housing, public service delivery, and corporate governance, including roles at the National Audit Office and John Lewis Partnership. This appointment is expected to enhance Mears' continued growth as a trusted partner to the public sector, leveraging Tickell's expertise in public accountability and commercial delivery to support the company's purpose-led, contract-based business model. Disclaimer* Mears Group PLC 25 February 2026 25 February 2026 Mears Group PLC ("Mears") Board appointment Mears Group PLC (LSE: MER), the leading provider of services to the housing sector in the UK, announces the appointment of Dame Oriana Clare Tickell as a Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 April 2026. Clare is a seasoned non-executive leader with over three decades of experience spanning housing, public service delivery, and corporate governance. Clare's combination of National Audit Office oversight, John Lewis Partnership governance, and housing-sector leadership positions her well to contribute to Mears' continued growth as a trusted and values-driven partner to the public sector. Clare is Interim Chair of Trustees at the John Lewis Partnership Foundation. No further information is required to be disclosed pursuant to UKLR 6.4.8R. Commenting, Jim Clarke, Chairman of Mears, said: I am delighted with the appointment of Dame Clare Tickell. She brings deep understanding of the interface between public accountability and commercial delivery and is a strong fit for Mears' purpose-led, contract-based business model." For further information, contact: Mears Group PLC Ben Westran, Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)1452 634600 The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Mears Group PLC is Ben Westran, Company Secretary. About Mears Mears is a leading provider of services to the Housing sector, providing a range of services to individuals within their homes. We manage and maintain around 450,000 homes across the UK and work predominantly with Central Government and Local Government, typically through long-term contracts. We equally consider the residents of the homes that we manage and maintain to be our customers, and we take pride in the high levels of customer satisfaction that we achieve. Mears currently employs over 5,000 people and provides services in every region of the UK. In partnership with our Housing clients, we provide property management and maintenance services. Mears has extended its activities to provide broader housing solutions to solve the challenge posed by the lack of affordable housing and to provide accommodation and support for the most vulnerable. We focus on long-term outcomes for people rather than short-term solutions and invest in innovations that have a positive impact on people's quality of life and on their communities' social, economic, and environmental wellbeing. Our innovative approaches and market leading positions are intended to create value for our customers and the people they serve while also driving sustainable financial returns for our providers of capital, especially our shareholders. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mears Group (MER) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Diageo 7 minutes ago Diageo 51 minutes ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and