BETA Close X Mears Group PLC announced on June 9, 2026, that its Chief Executive Officer, Lucas Critchley, and Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Smith, were granted long-term incentive plan awards on June 8, 2026. Critchley received an award of 121,902 ordinary shares at a nominal cost of £0.01 each, while Smith received 105,203 ordinary shares at the same nominal cost. These awards are structured as options exercisable on June 8, 2029, contingent upon achieving specific Total Shareholder Return and Earnings Per Share performance conditions over a three-year period, with an additional two-year holding period for executive directors post-vesting. Disclaimer* Mears Group PLC 09 June 2026 Mears Group PLC ("Mears" or "the Group" or "the Company") Director/PDMR Shareholding Grant of Long-Term Incentive Plan awards Mears Group PLC, the leading provider of services to the Housing sector in the UK, announces that on 8 June 2026 the following awards over ordinary shares of 1 pence each in the Company (" Shares ") were granted under the Mears Group Long Term Incentive Plan to the following directors and persons discharging managerial responsibilities: Director/ PDMR Position No. of Shares under award Lucas Critchley Chief Executive Officer 121,902 Andrew Smith Chief Financial Officer 105,203 The awards have been granted in the form of nominal-cost options and will normally become exercisable on 8 June 2029. Awards may become exercisable subject to the achievement of relative Total Shareholder Return (33%) and Earnings Per Share (67%) performance conditions measured over a three-year performance period. Awards granted to Executive Directors are additionally subject to a two-year holding period following the vesting date. Contact information Ben Westran, Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)1452 634600 www.mearsgroup.co.uk About Mears Mears is a leading provider of services to the Housing sector, providing a range of services to individuals within their homes. We manage and maintain around 450,000 homes across the UK and work predominantly with Central Government and Local Government, typically through long-term contracts. We equally consider the residents of the homes that we manage and maintain to be our customers, and we take pride in the high levels of customer satisfaction that we achieve. Mears currently employs over 5,000 people and provides services in every region of the UK. In partnership with our Housing clients, we provide property management and maintenance services. Mears has extended its activities to provide broader housing solutions to solve the challenge posed by the lack of affordable housing and to provide accommodation and support for the most vulnerable. We focus on long-term outcomes for people rather than short-term solutions and invest in innovations that have a positive impact on people's quality of life and on their communities' social, economic, and environmental wellbeing. Our innovative approaches and market leading positions are intended to create value for our customers and the people they serve while also driving sustainable financial returns for our providers of capital, especially our shareholders. The information set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19(3) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation No 596/2014 ( as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Lucas Critchley 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Chief Executive Officer b. Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Mears Group PLC b. LEI 213800DHCALLH8IRJV57 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each GB0005630420 b. Nature of the transaction Issue of share options c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 0.01 GBP 121,902 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price Price(s) Volume(s) 0.01 GBP 121,902 e. Date of the transaction 8 June 2026 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Andrew Smith 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Chief Financial Officer b. Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Mears Group PLC b. LEI 213800DHCALLH8IRJV57 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 1p each GB0005630420 b. Nature of the transaction Issue of share options c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 0.01 GBP 105,203 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price Price(s) Volume(s) 0.01 GBP 105,203 e. Date of the transaction 8 June 2026 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mears Group (MER) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 28 minutes ago Bunzl 52 minutes ago Diageo 52 minutes ago Diageo 1 hour ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and