BETA Close X Mears Group PLC announced a board change with Employee Director Hema Nar stepping down after her term, and Kiren Sampla appointed as her successor, effective January 2, 2026. Kiren Sampla, employed by the Group since 2015, holds a beneficial interest in 4,481 ordinary shares and 5,000 share options. The company highlighted the increasing value of the Employee Director role and the positive impact of the Employee Representative Team, which ensures board insight into workforce views and has driven several projects. Disclaimer* Mears Group PLC 05 January 2026 Mears Group PLC ("Mears", the "Group", or the "Company") Board change - Employee Director Mears Group PLC, the leading provider of housing services to the public and regulated sectors in the UK announces that Hema Nar, Employee Director (non-statutory), having reached the end of her term in office, has stepped down from the board. The Board would like to place on record its thanks and recognition of the tremendous progress delivered by Hema over her three years in office. The Board is pleased to announce the appointment of Kiren Sampla as the new Employee Director (non-statutory). Kiren has been employed by the Group since 2015, working within the HR function. Both Board changes will take effect from 2 January 2026. Kiren Sampla has a beneficial interest over 4,481 Ordinary shares in the Company, together with 5,000 share options granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan, with an exercise price of 1 pence and which are not subject to performance conditions. No further information is required to be disclosed pursuant to LR 9.6.13 R. Jim Clarke, Chairman, said "The Employee Director position was first appointed in 2018, and the value of this role has continued to increase year on year since that time. Mears was one of the first listed companies to take such an innovative approach to employee engagement and recognition. The impact the role has had within the Group has increased significantly over the past seven years. "A key enhancement during Hema's term has been the addition of both a Deputy Employee Director and a Trade Representative, together forming the Employee Representative Team ('ERT'). This team is highly visible, and in frequent contact with the Executive team, becoming an increasingly valuable channel of communication. The ERT ensures that the Board receives full, open and honest insight into the views from its workforce on how strategic initiatives are being implemented. Further, the ERT has initiated and delivered on a number of projects over recent years, with the support of the board and executive team. "We are delighted to welcome Kiren to the Board. Kiren was selected after an intensive internal application process which reduced to a strong shortlist of potential candidates." For further information, contact: Mears Group PLC Tel: +44(0)1452 634 600 Jim Clarke About Mears Mears is a leading provider of services to the Affordable Housing sector, providing a range of services to individuals within their homes. We manage and maintain around 450,000 homes across the UK and work predominantly with Central Government and Local Government, typically through long-term contracts. We equally consider the residents of the homes that we manage and maintain to be our customers, and we take pride in the high levels of customer satisfaction that we achieve. Mears currently employs over 5,000 people and provides services in every region of the UK. In partnership with our Housing clients, we provide property management and maintenance services. Mears has extended its activities to provide broader housing solutions to solve the challenge posed by the lack of affordable housing and to provide accommodation and support for the most vulnerable. We focus on long-term outcomes for people rather than short-term solutions and invest in innovations that have a positive impact on people's quality of life and on their communities' social, economic, and environmental wellbeing. Our innovative approaches and market leading positions are intended to create value for our customers and the people they serve while also driving sustainable financial returns for our providers of capital, especially our shareholders. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mears Group (MER) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Diageo 6 minutes ago Diageo 51 minutes ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and