BETA Close X Mears Group PLC has reported strong trading momentum, securing £1.5 billion in new orders from Local Government in the first half of the year and is currently in an intensive contract mobilization period. A new 10-year contract with Rooftop Housing Group, valued at £150 million, will see Mears provide responsive repairs, void refurbishment, planned works, and compliance services to 7,000 units. The Group expects full-year results to be in line with market expectations, which anticipate revenue of £1,038 million and adjusted profit before tax of £50.7 million for FY26. Mears will announce its interim results on August 6, 2026. Disclaimer* Mears Group PLC 30 June 2026 FOR RELEASE 7AM ON TUESDAY 30 JUNE 2026 Mears Group PLC ("Mears" or "the Group" or "the Company") Strong momentum in Maintenance Trading update Mears Group PLC, the leading provider of services to the Housing sector in the UK, is pleased to confirm that the Group has continued to trade well. During the first half, the Group secured new orders with Local Government of £1.5bn, and the Group is now in an intensive period of new contract mobilisation, which will continue throughout the second half. In addition to the previously announced contract wins, the Group is pleased to announce a new contract award from Rooftop Housing Group for the provision of responsive repairs, void refurbishment, planned works and compliance services. The contract has an estimated value of £150m over 10 years and will see the Group deliver services to 7,000 units of housing stock in South Worcestershire and North Gloucestershire. The Board expects to report results for the full year in line with market expectations 1 . Notice of results The Group will announce its interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 on Thursday 6 August 2026. Note 1. Market expectations for FY26 are considered to be revenue and adjusted profit before tax of £1,038m and £50.7m respectively. Lucas Critchley, Chief Executive Officer, said: "Mears has continued to make strong progress against its key strategic objectives. The Group continues to deliver growth in its core maintenance activities, having performed strongly through an intensive period of contract rebids, complemented by strategically important new business wins with Birmingham City Council and Rooftop Housing Group. We are well advanced with the integration of the Pennington business, which is already proving to have been an excellent acquisition, accelerating the development of the Mears' Compliance offer, as well as strengthening the Mears provision for long-term, strategic, asset management contracts. We also remain well positioned to deliver additional housing services to Central Government." For further information, contact: Mears Group PLC Tel: +44(0)1452 634 600 Lucas Critchley Andrew Smith Deutsche Numis Tel: +44(0)207 260 1000 Julian Cater Kevin Cruickshank Panmure Liberum Tel: +44(0)207 886 2500 Tom Scrivens James Sinclair-Ford About Mears Mears is a leading provider of services to the Housing sector, providing a range of services to individuals within their homes. We manage and maintain around 450,000 homes across the UK and work predominantly with Central Government and Local Government, typically through long-term contracts. We equally consider the residents of the homes that we manage and maintain to be our customers, and we take pride in the high levels of customer satisfaction that we achieve. Mears currently employs over 5,000 people and provides services in every region of the UK. In partnership with our Housing clients, we provide property management and maintenance services. Mears has extended its activities to provide broader housing solutions to solve the challenge posed by the lack of affordable housing and to provide accommodation and support for the most vulnerable. We focus on long-term outcomes for people rather than short-term solutions and invest in innovations that have a positive impact on people's quality of life and on their communities' social, economic, and environmental wellbeing. Our innovative approaches and market leading positions are intended to create value for our customers and the people they serve while also driving sustainable financial returns for our providers of capital, especially our shareholders. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mears Group (MER) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Diageo 6 minutes ago Diageo 50 minutes ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and