BETA Close X Mears Group PLC has divested its non-core subsidiary, Morrison Facilities Services Limited, for £18.0 million in cash, a move that simplifies the group and aligns with its strategic focus on housing services. The disposed business, which generated £32.1 million in revenue and £2.8 million in profit before tax in the year ended 31 December 2025, was previously part of the Maintenance-led segment. This transaction is expected to reinforce Mears' position in the growing housing services market, driven by regulatory factors. Disclaimer* Mears Group PLC 03 March 2026 Mears Group PLC ("Mears" or "the Group" or "the Company") Disposal of non-core operation Mears Group PLC, the leading provider of services to the Housing sector in the UK, is pleased to announce that it has disposed of its subsidiary, Morrison Facilities Services Limited, a business delivering Facilities Management services, predominantly in the education and health sectors. Following the strategic update, this business was identified as non-core to the Group and has been the subject of a competitive sales process. The sale is for a total consideration of £18.0m, settled in cash on completion. The business was sold on a debt and cash-free basis, and with a normal level of working capital. In the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Group's FM activities reported revenue and profit before tax of £32.1m and £2.8m respectively, and these activities were previously reported within the Maintenance-led segment. Lucas Critchley, Chief Executive Officer, said: "I am pleased to complete this transaction, which brings a further simplification to the Group and is further progress against our strategic plan, reinforcing our focus to delivering housing services, a market in which we continue to see significant growth opportunities driven by strong regulatory drivers. I would like to place on record my thanks to the Morrison team, and we wish them well under new ownership." The Group is due to release its results for its financial year ended 31 December 2025 on 26 March 2026 For further information, contact: Mears Group PLC Tel: +44(0)1452 634 600 Lucas Critchley Andrew Smith Deutsche Numis Tel: +44(0)207 260 1000 Julian Cater Kevin Cruickshank Panmure Liberum Tel: +44(0)207 886 2500 Tom Scrivens James Sinclair-Ford About Mears Mears is a leading provider of services to the Housing sector, providing a range of services to individuals within their homes. We manage and maintain around 450,000 homes across the UK and work predominantly with Central Government and Local Government, typically through long-term contracts. We equally consider the residents of the homes that we manage and maintain to be our customers, and we take pride in the high levels of customer satisfaction that we achieve. Mears currently employs over 5,000 people and provides services in every region of the UK. In partnership with our Housing clients, we provide property management and maintenance services. Mears has extended its activities to provide broader housing solutions to solve the challenge posed by the lack of affordable housing and to provide accommodation and support for the most vulnerable. We focus on long-term outcomes for people rather than short-term solutions and invest in innovations that have a positive impact on people's quality of life and on their communities' social, economic, and environmental wellbeing. Our innovative approaches and market leading positions are intended to create value for our customers and the people they serve while also driving sustainable financial returns for our providers of capital, especially our shareholders. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mears Group (MER) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Diageo 7 minutes ago Diageo 51 minutes ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and