BETA Close X Mears Group PLC has been awarded a significant contract by Birmingham City Council for the provision of maintenance and installation services to its housing stock. This ten-year contract, with an estimated value of £450 million and an option for a five-year extension, will cover responsive and void maintenance, gas servicing, heating installation, and planned improvement programmes for 11,500 council housing units in the BCC West-Central region. The company views this as a key new customer relationship and a foundational element of its forward strategy, expecting it to drive growth in its maintenance division and welcome approximately 170 new employees. Disclaimer* Mears Group PLC 28 January 2026 Mears Group PLC ("Mears" or "the Group" or "the Company") Birmingham City Council - Contract Award Mears Group PLC, the leading provider of services to the Housing sector in the UK, is pleased to confirm that it has received notification of a contract award from Birmingham City Council ('BCC' or "the Council") for the provision of responsive and void maintenance, gas servicing and heating installation, planned maintenance and improvement programmes to Council housing stock ('the contract'). The contract has an estimated value of £450m over the initial period of 10 years and will see the Group deliver work to 11,500 units of Council housing stock within the BCC West-Central region. There is an option for the Council to extend for a further period of 5 years. Lucas Critchley, Chief Executive Officer, said: "This is a very significant contract award for the Group and an important new customer relationship. The Group remains highly selective in bidding new work. The nature of this contract, an all-encompassing, long-term asset management arrangement, as previously communicated, forms the bedrock of our forward strategy. This type of contract offers continued opportunity to the Gorup to deliver high quality, impactful contracts to our client base and in turn deliver growth in our maintenance division. We look forward to developing a strong base within Birmingham and welcoming around 170 new colleagues to Mears." For further information, contact: Mears Group PLC Tel: +44(0)1452 634 600 Lucas Critchley Andrew Smith Deutsche Numis Tel: +44(0)207 260 1000 Julian Cater Kevin Cruickshank Panmure Liberum Tel: +44(0)207 886 2500 Tom Scrivens James Sinclair-Ford About Mears Mears is a leading provider of services to the Housing sector, providing a range of services to individuals within their homes. We manage and maintain around 450,000 homes across the UK and work predominantly with Central Government and Local Government, typically through long-term contracts. We equally consider the residents of the homes that we manage and maintain to be our customers, and we take pride in the high levels of customer satisfaction that we achieve. Mears currently employs over 5,000 people and provides services in every region of the UK. In partnership with our Housing clients, we provide property management and maintenance services. Mears has extended its activities to provide broader housing solutions to solve the challenge posed by the lack of affordable housing and to provide accommodation and support for the most vulnerable. We focus on long-term outcomes for people rather than short-term solutions and invest in innovations that have a positive impact on people's quality of life and on their communities' social, economic, and environmental wellbeing. Our innovative approaches and market leading positions are intended to create value for our customers and the people they serve while also driving sustainable financial returns for our providers of capital, especially our shareholders. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Mears Group (MER) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Diageo 7 minutes ago Diageo 51 minutes ago Alliance Witan 1 hour ago Mitie Group 2 hours ago SSE All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and