Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. The information set forth in Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. On July 8, 2026, Invitation Homes Operating Partnership LP (the “Issuer”), a Delaware limited partnership and the principal operating subsidiary of Invitation Homes Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Company”), closed an underwritten public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.950% Senior Notes due 2032 (the “Notes”). The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the “Guarantees”), jointly and severally, by the Company, Invitation Homes OP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole general partner of the Issuer and a subsidiary of the Company (the “General Partner”), and IH Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a subsidiary of the Company (“IH Merger Sub” and, together with the Company and the General Partner, the “Guarantors”). The terms of the Notes are governed by an indenture, dated as of August 6, 2021 (the “Base Indenture”), by and among the Issuer, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by a ninth supplemental indenture, dated as of July 8, 2026 (the “Ninth Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”), by and among the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee. The Indenture contains various restrictive covenants, including requirements to maintain a certain percentage of total unencumbered assets by the Company. Copies of the Base Indenture and the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, including the form of Notes and the Guarantees, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, are attached as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Under certain circumstances, the Indenture will require certain of the Company’s subsidiaries (other than the Issuer, the General Partner and IH Merger Sub) to guarantee the Notes in the future if, and for so long as, such subsidiary, directly or indirectly, guarantees or otherwise becomes obligated in respect of the Issuer’s revolving credit facility. The purchase price paid by the underwriters for the Notes was 98.691% of the principal amount thereof. The Notes are the Issuer’s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Issuer’s other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. However, the Notes are effectively subordinated in right of payment to: (i) all of the Issuer’s existing and future mortgage indebtedness and other secured indebtedness (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness); (ii) all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, of the Issuer’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes and of any entity the Issuer accounts for using the equity method of accounting; and (iii) all preferred equity not owned by the Issuer, if any, in any of the Issuer’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes and in any entity the Issuer accounts for using the equity method of accounting. The Notes bear interest at 4.950% per annum. Interest is payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning February 1, 2027, until the maturity date of February 1, 2032. Prior to January 1, 2032 (the “Par Call Date”), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price in cash (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: • (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Ninth Supplemental Indenture) plus 15 basis points less (b) unpaid interest accrued thereon to, but not including, the redemption date; and • 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, unpaid interest accrued thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus unpaid interest accrued thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. Certain events are considered events of default, which may result in the accelerated maturity of the Notes, including: • default for 30 days in the payment of any installment of interest under the Notes; • default in the payment of the principal amount or any other portion of the redemption price due with respect to the Notes, when the same becomes due and payable; • failure by the Issuer or any Guarantor to comply with any of the Issuer’s or any Guarantor’s respective other agreements in the Notes, the Guarantees or the Indenture with respect to the Notes upon receipt by the Issuer of notice of such default by the Trustee or by holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and the Issuer’s failure to cure (or obtain a waiver of) such default within 60 days after the Issuer receives such notice; • failure to pay any Debt (as defined in the Indenture) (other than Debt (as defined in the Indenture)) for monies borrowed by the Issuer, the Company or any of their respective Significant Subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) in an outstanding principal amount in excess of $50.0 million at final maturity or upon acceleration after the expiration of any applicable grace period, which Debt (other than Debt) is, or has become, the primary obligation of the Issuer or the Company and is not discharged, or such default in payment or acceleration is not cured or rescinded, within 60 days after written notice to the Issuer from the Trustee (or to the Issuer and the Trustee from holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes); • the Guarantee of any Guarantor ceases to be in full force and effect (except as contemplated by the terms of the Indenture) or is declared null and void in a judicial proceeding or a Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under the Indenture or its Guarantee, except by reason of the release of such Guarantee in accordance with provisions of the Indenture; or • certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or court appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary or all or substantially all of their respective property. The descriptions of the Base Indenture and the Ninth Supplemental Indenture in this Current Report on Form 8-K are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Base Indenture and the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, respectively. The Notes were offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2024 (Registration Nos. 333-280210, 333-280210-01, 333-280210-02 and 333-280210-03), a base prospectus, dated June 14, 2024, and a prospectus supplement, dated June 30, 2026, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 3 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 6, 2021, among the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, including the form of the Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on August 6, 2021) 4.2 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2026, among the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, including the form of the Notes 5.1 Opinion of Venable LLP 5.2 Opinion of Sidley Austin LLP 23.1 Consent of Venable LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) 23.2 Consent of Sidley Austin LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 4 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. INVITATION HOMES INC. Date: July 8, 2026 By: /s/ Mark A. Solls Name: Mark A. Solls Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary