Announcement 
 
Tuesday, 25 August 2026 
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
 
 
HALF-YEAR 2026 RESULTS TELECONFERENCE AND PRESENTATION 
A teleconference providing an overview of the half-year 2026 results and a question-and-answer session will 
be hosted by Woodside CEO and Managing Director, Liz Westcott, and Chief Financial Officer, Graham 
Tiver, today at 08:00 AWST / 10:00 AEST (19:00 CST on Monday, 24 August 2026). 
 
We recommend participants pre-register 5 to 10 minutes prior to the event with one of the following links: 
 
• 
https://webcast.openbriefing.com/wds-hyr-2026/ to view the presentation and listen to a live stream 
of the Q&A session 
 
• 
https://s1.c-conf.com/diamondpass/10055832-aiwh8k.html to participate in the Q&A session. 
Following pre-registration, participants will receive the teleconference details and a unique access 
passcode. 
 
The half-year results briefing pack follows this announcement and will be referred to during the 
teleconference. The briefing pack, Half-Year Report 2026 and teleconference archive will also be available 
on the Woodside website (www.woodside.com).  
 
 
 
 
INVESTORS 
Vanessa Martin 
M: +61 477 397 961 
E: investor@woodside.com  
MEDIA 
Christine Abbott 
M: +61 484 112 469  
E: christine.abbott@woodside.com  
 
This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
 
For personal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
25 August 2026
www.woodside.com 
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
2
Disclaimer, important notes and assumptions
Information
•
This presentation has been prepared by Woodside Energy Group Ltd (“Woodside”).
•
All information included in this presentation, including any forward-looking statements, reflects Woodside’s views held 
as at the date of this presentation and, except as required by applicable law, neither Woodside, its related bodies 
corporate, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives (“Beneficiaries”) intends 
to, undertakes to, or assumes any obligation to, provide any additional information or update or revise any information 
or forward-looking statements in this presentation after the date of this presentation, either to make them conform to 
actual results or as a result of new information, future events, changes in Woodside’s expectations or otherwise. Past 
performance (including historical financial and operational information) is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future 
performance.
•
This presentation may contain industry, market and competitive position data that is based on industry publications and 
studies conducted by third parties as well as Woodside’s internal estimates and research. While Woodside believes that 
each of these publications and third-party studies is reliable and has been prepared by a reputable source, Woodside 
has not independently verified the market and industry data obtained from these third-party sources and cannot 
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such data. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on any of the 
industry, market and competitive position data contained in this presentation. 
•
To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Woodside, its related bodies corporate, nor any of their respective 
Beneficiaries, assume any liability (including liability for equitable, statutory or other damages) in connection with, any 
responsibility for, or make any representation or warranty (express or implied) as to, the fairness, currency, accuracy, 
adequacy, reliability or completeness of the information or any opinions expressed in this presentation or the 
reasonableness of any underlying assumptions. 
No offer or advice
•
This presentation is not intended to and does not constitute, form part of, or contain an offer or invitation to sell to 
Woodside shareholders (or any other person), or a solicitation of an offer from Woodside shareholders (or any other 
person) or a solicitation of any vote or approval from Woodside shareholders (or any other person) in any jurisdiction. 
•
This presentation has been prepared without reference to the investment objectives, financial and taxation situation or 
particular needs of any Woodside shareholder or any other person. The information contained in this presentation does 
not constitute, and should not be taken as, financial product or investment advice. Woodside encourages you to seek 
independent legal, financial, taxation and other professional advice before making any investment decision. 
Forward-looking statements
•
This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These statements may relate to Woodside’s business, goals, 
targets, aspirations, plans, expectations, market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for 
example, but not limited to, outcomes of transactions, statements regarding long-term demand for Woodside’s 
products and services, development, completion and execution of Woodside’s projects, expectations regarding future 
capital expenditures and cash flow, the payment of future dividends and the amount thereof, future results of projects, 
operating activities and new energy products, expectations and plans for new energy products and lower-carbon 
services and investments in, and development of, new energy products and lower-carbon services, expectations and 
guidance with respect to production, capital and exploration expenditure and gas hub exposure, and expectations 
regarding the achievement of Woodside’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target (on a net equity or 
gross equity basis as specified) and other and sustainability goals. All statements, other than statements of historical or
 
 
 
 
                                                             
present facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such 
as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘aspire’, ‘believe’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘forecast’, ‘foresee’, ‘guidance’, ‘intend’, ‘likely’, ‘may’, 
‘objective’, ‘outlook’, ‘pathway’, ‘plan’, ‘potential’, ‘project’, ‘schedule’, ‘seek’, ‘should’, ‘strategy’, ‘strive’, ‘target’, ‘will’’ and 
other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements in this presentation are not guarantees of future events 
or performance, but are in the nature of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and 
contingencies. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are subject to change without notice 
and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are 
beyond the control of Woodside, its related bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers 
or representatives. 
•
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and 
the assumptions on which they are based include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in commodity prices, actual 
demand for Woodside’s products, currency fluctuations, geotechnical factors, drilling and production results, gas 
commercialisation, development progress, operating results, engineering estimates, reserve and resource estimates, loss 
of market, industry competition, pace of technology developments, sustainability and environmental risks, climate 
related transition and physical risks, safety and personnel risks, changes in accounting standards, economic and financial 
markets conditions in various countries and regions, the actions of third parties, project delay or advancement, 
regulatory approvals, political risks and the impact of armed conflict and political instability (such as the ongoing 
conflicts in Ukraine and in the Middle East) on economic activity and oil and gas supply and demand, cost estimates, 
legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments, including those related to the imposition of tariffs and other trade 
restrictions, and the effect of future regulatory or legislative actions on Woodside or the industries in which it operates, 
including potential changes to tax laws, the impact of general economic conditions, inflationary conditions, prevailing 
exchange rates and interest rates and conditions in financial markets, and risks associated with acquisitions, mergers, 
divestitures and joint ventures, including difficulties integrating or separating businesses, uncertainty associated with 
financial projections, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences, and uncertainties and liabilities 
associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses.
•
A more detailed summary of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the “Risk factors” 
section of Woodside’s most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and in Woodside’s 
most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available 
on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review and 
have regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this presentation.
•
If any of the assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based were to change or be found to be incorrect, 
this would likely cause outcomes to differ from the statements made in this presentation. Investors are strongly 
cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to significant uncertainties and may not prove to be correct. 
Actual results or performance may vary materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any forward-looking 
statements. 
•
All forward-looking statements contained in this presentation reflect Woodside’s views held as at the date of this 
presentation and, except as required by applicable law, neither Woodside , its related bodies corporate, nor any of their 
respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives nor any person named in this report or involved in 
the preparation of the information in this report intends to, undertakes to, or assumes any obligation to, provide any 
additional information or update or revise any of these statements after the date of this presentation, either to make 
them conform to actual results or as a result of new information, future events or results, changes in Woodside’s 
expectations or otherwise.
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
3
Disclaimer, important notes and assumptions (continued)
Disclosure of reserve information and cautionary note to US investors
•
Woodside is an Australian company with securities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and the New York Stock 
Exchange. Woodside reports its Proved (1P) Reserves in accordance with SEC regulations, which are also compliant with 
SPE-PRMS guidelines, and prepares and reports its Proved plus Probable (2P) Reserves and Best Estimate (2C) 
Contingent Resources in accordance with SPE-PRMS guidelines. Woodside reports all of its petroleum resource 
estimates using definitions consistent with SPE-PRMS. 
•
The SEC prohibits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, from disclosing estimates of oil or gas resources 
other than ‘reserves’ (as that term is defined by the SEC). In this presentation, Woodside includes estimates of quantities 
of oil and gas using certain terms, such as ‘proved plus probable (2P) reserves’, ‘best estimate (2C) contingent resources’, 
‘reserves and contingent resources’, ‘proved plus probable’, ‘developed and undeveloped’, ‘probable developed’, 
‘probable undeveloped’, ‘contingent resources’ or other descriptions of volumes of reserves, which include quantities of 
oil and gas that may not meet the SEC’s definitions of proved, probable and possible reserves, and which the SEC’s 
guidelines strictly prohibit Woodside from including in filings with the SEC. These estimates are by their nature more 
speculative than estimates of proved reserves and would require substantial capital spending over a significant number 
of years to implement recovery, and accordingly are subject to substantially greater risk of not being recovered by 
Woodside. In addition, actual locations drilled and quantities that may be ultimately recovered from Woodside’s 
properties may differ substantially. Woodside has made no commitment to drill, and likely will not drill, all drilling 
locations that have been attributable to these quantities. US investors are urged to consider closely the disclosures in 
Woodside’s filings with the SEC which are available at www.sec.gov.
Assumptions
•
Unless otherwise indicated, the targets set out in this presentation have been estimated on the basis of a variety of 
economic assumptions including: (1) US$70/bbl Brent long-term oil price, US$10/MMBtu long term JKM price, 
US$9/MMBtu long-term TTF price, US$3.50 long-term Henry Hub price (2024 real terms) and a long-term inflation rate 
of 2.0%; (2) currently sanctioned projects being delivered in accordance with their current project schedules; and (3) 
applicable growth opportunities being sanctioned and delivered in accordance with the target schedules provided in 
this presentation. These growth opportunities are subject to relevant project participant approvals, commercial 
arrangements with third parties and regulatory approvals being obtained in the timeframe contemplated or at all. 
Woodside expresses no view as to whether project participants will agree with and support Woodside’s current position 
in relation to these opportunities, or such commercial arrangements and regulatory approvals will be obtained. 
Additional assumptions relevant to particular targets or other statements in this presentation may be set out in the 
relevant slides. Any such additional assumptions are in addition to the assumptions and qualifications applicable to the 
presentation as a whole.
Climate strategy and emissions data
•
All greenhouse gas emissions data in this presentation are estimates, due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in 
measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas emissions. Methodologies for measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas 
emissions may evolve as best practices continue to develop and data quality and quantity continue to improve.
•
Woodside “greenhouse gas” or “emissions” information reported are Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions, and/or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, each on a net equity basis, unless otherwise 
stated.
•
For more information on Woodside’s climate strategy, including references to ‘lower-carbon’ and ‘lower-carbon services’ 
as part of that strategy, and emissions data, refer to Woodside’s 2025 Climate and Sustainability Summary, available on 
the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/sustainability and section 3.6 of Woodside’s 2025 Annual Report, 
unless otherwise updated in this presentation.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
•
Throughout this presentation, a range of financial and non-financial measures are used to assess Woodside’s 
performance, including a number of financial measures that are not defined in, and have not been prepared in 
accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are not recognised measures of financial 
performance or liquidity under IFRS (Non-IFRS Financial Measures). These measures include EBIT, EBITDA, EBITDA 
margin, Gearing, Underlying NPAT, Average realised price, Unit production cost, Net debt, Liquidity, Free cash flow, 
Capital expenditure, Exploration expenditure, Return on Equity, Return on average capital employed, Cash margin and 
Other cash cost margin. These Non-IFRS Financial Measures are defined in the glossary section of this presentation. A 
quantitative reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and 
presented in accordance with IFRS can be found in the Alternative Performance Measures section of Woodside’s Half-
Year Report for the period ended 30 June 2026.
•
Woodside’s management uses these measures to monitor Woodside’s financial performance alongside IFRS measures to 
improve the comparability of information between reporting periods and business units and Woodside believes that the 
Non-IFRS Financial Measures it presents provide a useful means through which to examine the underlying performance 
of its business.
•
Undue reliance should not be placed on the Non-IFRS Financial Measures contained in this presentation and these Non-
IFRS Financial Measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of 
financial performance, financial position or cash flows reported in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS Financial Measures 
are not uniformly defined by all companies, including those in Woodside’s industry. Accordingly, they may not be 
comparable with similarly titled measures and disclosures by other companies.
Other important information
•
All references to dollars, cents or $ in this presentation are to US currency, unless otherwise stated. 
•
References to “Woodside” may be references to Woodside Energy Group Ltd and/or its applicable subsidiaries (as the 
context requires). References and links to Woodside’s or third-party websites are provided for convenience only and are 
not incorporated by reference into this presentation.
•
This presentation does not include any express or implied prices at which Woodside will buy or sell financial products. 
•
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal 
at any time. 
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
4
Global energy leader delivering growth and returns
1
Woodside supplies energy to meet rising demand, enabling 
global growth, and assisting with customer decarbonisation 
goals
2
Woodside has a track record of generating durable, 
long-term cash flows and returning value to shareholders 
through the cycle
3
Woodside offers tangible growth catalysts through project 
start-ups and exposure to a high-quality 
cash-generative portfolio
ersonal use only
2025 Capital Markets Day
5
Raising the bar on performance
Manage portfolio to maximise 
returns on capital 
Adapting to the pace of energy 
transition
Position for resilience through the 
cycle
Single framework for all capital 
allocation decisions
New energy business guided by 
customer demand and commercial 
markets
Deliver a structural cost reduction 
target of $350 million per year 
delivered from 2028
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
5
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
6
Strong first half delivering value
$1.7 billion
Net profit after tax (NPAT),
$1.3 billion underlying NPAT1
$4.6 billion
EBITDA1
$0.4 billion
Free cash flow1,3
H1 2026 key statistics
1.
Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of this presentation for the definition.
2.
Includes production of 85.0 MMboe from Woodside reserves and 1.5 MMboe from processing, 1.0 MMboe from 
Beaumont New Ammonia and 0.5 MMboe from feed gas purchased from Pluto non-operating participants processed 
through the Pluto-KGP Interconnector.
3.
The calculation has been updated to adjust for contributions from/(to) NCI and lease repayments. H1 2026 free cash 
flow was $352 million.
86.5 MMboe
Production (478 Mboe/d)2
Reliable operations delivered strong production and cash flow
Zero Tier 1 or Tier 2 process safety events, one high-consequence 
injury
Executing major development projects on budget and on schedule
Delivered strong shareholder returns; interim dividend determined of 
$1.1 billion, 57 US cps fully franked
Durable balance sheet supporting shareholder returns and investment 
in growth
9.3 %
Return on equity1
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
7
Delivering across the portfolio in 2026
1.
Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of this presentation for the definition. 
2.
Excluding cost and volume impacts of Pluto and Okha turnarounds completed in H1 2026, UPC would be $7.4/boe.
3.
As of 30 June 2026.
4.
Percentage completion for Scarborough Energy Project excludes Pluto Train 1 modifications. 
5.
Completion is subject to customary conditions precedent. 
Maximise: base business delivering effectively and reliably
Deliver: growth projects advancing in accordance with targets
Create: strengthening portfolio quality
>98%
Operated LNG reliability
Unit production cost, 
including major turnarounds1,2
$8.8/boe
Pluto planned turnaround on 
schedule and within budget
Executed
64%
Trion completion, on budget 
and targeting first oil 20283
28%
Louisiana LNG completion, 
on budget and targeting 
first LNG 20293
Scarborough completion, on budget 
and on track for first LNG cargo Q4 
20263,4
98%
10.67% Browse JV interest 
through pre-emption rights5
Acquisition
Assumed operatorship of Gippsland 
Basin assets (subsequent to the half)
Transfer
Sale of 70% Calypso interest to 
bp (subsequent to the half)5
Divestment
Pluto Train 2
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
8
4
1
1
2022
2023
2024
2025
H1 2026
Continued focus on safety
1.
High consequence injuries (HCI) is defined as Fatality and Permanent Impairment Injury (FPI) which aligns with International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) definition for FPI. From 
2022 to 2024 HCI was defined as an injury where the individual does not return to full health within six months. Under the current definition there were zero HCI in 2024 and two HCI in 2023.
High consequence injuries1
Process safety events
Zero Tier 1 or Tier 2 process safety 
events in H1 2026
One high-consequence injury recorded 
in H1 20261
Embedding proactive risk management 
through field leadership for performance 
insights
Tier 1
Tier 2
1
1
2
2
1
2022
2023
2024
2025
H1 2026
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
9
Delivered $3 billion of operating cash flow from strong asset base
High-quality assets continue to deliver 
safe, reliable and cost-efficient 
operations
Disciplined cost control in inflationary 
environment; unit production cost of 
$8.8/boe driven by planned turnarounds
Advancing decommissioning across 
portfolio (NWS and Julimar-Brunello 
P&A campaigns, ~26km of flowlines and 
umbilicals removed from Stybarrow and 
Griffin)
1.
Subsequent to the period, Woodside assumed operatorship of the Gippsland Basin assets from ExxonMobil Australia on 1 July 2026 following the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the transaction.
Australia
Completed turnaround at Pluto LNG on 
budget and schedule (including key 
integration scopes for Scarborough)
Assumed operatorship of Gippsland 
Basin operations from ExxonMobil1
Executing infill opportunities (Pluto 
XNA-03, Julimar Phase 3 Project, Turrum 
Phase 3 Project)
International
Achieved 15 MMboe of production from 
Sangomar in H1 2026
>99% reliability at Sangomar and Shenzi
Maximising value from assets (Atlantis 
water injection) and infill drilling (Atlantis, 
Mad Dog Southwest Extension)
Completed start-up and handover of 
Beaumont New Ammonia
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
10
Scarborough: 98% complete, on budget and on track
1
1.
As at 30 June 2026. Excludes Pluto Train 1 modifications.
2.
Arrow indicates position as at 25 August 2026.
FPU achieved ‘ready for start-up’ status and first gas achieved subsequent to 
the period 
Continued construction and commissioning at Pluto Train 2 with mechanical 
runs for three of six liquefaction compressors completed
Executed multiple integration scopes and tie-ins during the Pluto Train 1 
major turnaround in May 2026
Ongoing activities focused on well clean-up, trunkline pressurisation and 
readiness for introduction of gas to onshore facilities
Tie-ins for 
Pluto Train 1
Ready to receive gas 
into Pluto Train 2
Construction and systems 
commissioning ongoing
Complete compressor 
mechanical runs
Execution rundown2
FPU moored on 
Scarborough field
Subsea risers 
pulled in to FPU
‘Ready for 
start-up’ status
Open, clean-up 
wells, pressurise 
topsides
Pressurise 
trunkline
Complete 
compressor run
Gas available 
on shore
Onshore
Offshore
Pluto Train 2
On track for first 
LNG cargo Q4 2026
Start-up cold end of 
Train 2
Start-up warm end of 
Train 2
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
11
Trion: 64% complete, on budget and targeting first oil in 2028
1
1.
As at 30 June 2026.
Commenced 24 well drilling program in March 2026, ahead of schedule, 
with three production wells drilled during the period and 18 wells 
required for the initial phase of drilling
FSO construction progressing to plan, with dry mega block assembly 
continuing and fabrication and testing of the turret mooring buoy complete
Completed topsides and living quarters lifts on the FPU and commenced 
integration and pre-commissioning
SURF equipment deliveries progressing ahead of installation campaign 
commencing in Q3 2026
Floating production unit in shipyard, May 2026
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
12
One of two LNG storage tanks under 
construction at Louisiana LNG site, 9 July
Louisiana LNG: 28% complete, on budget targeting first LNG in 2029
1
1.
28% completion for total foundation project. Train completions as at 30 June 2026: Train 1 (35%), Train 2 (25%), Train 3 (18%).
35% complete for Train 1 with construction progressing across LNG tanks, 
structural steel, piping and marine infrastructure works
Key H1 milestones: commencement of berth dredging, first mechanical 
equipment installation in Train 1 and first structural steel erection in Train 2
Advancing feedgas procurement in line with gas supply strategy
Line 200 progressing under Williams with activities focused on engineering, 
procurement and right of way activities
Continuing progress on further selldowns and offtake agreements
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
13
Conducting our business sustainably
1.
Net equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction target and aspiration are relative to a starting base of 6.22 Mt CO2-e which is 
representative of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be 
adjusted (up or down) for potential equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. 
Net equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon credits as offsets, inclusive of those required to meet regulatory obligations. 
2.
Level 5 is OGMP 2.0’s highest data quality standard, requiring reconciliation of granular source-level estimates with independent site-
level measurements. 
3.
Subsequent to the period.
Sam Houston Jones State Park
On track to meet 2030 net equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction 
target1
Submitted second annual OGMP 2.0 implementation plan, including first-time 
Level 5 methane reporting for Sangomar Léopold Sédar Senghor FPSO and 
Karratha Gas Plant2
>A$0.5 billion in local content committed to over 280 Western Australian 
businesses through Pluto Train 1 modifications
Launched Global Indigenous Peoples Strategy for 2026-2030 with intent to 
strengthen cultural heritage and community outcomes3
Launched the Sam Houston Jones State Park Restoration Project in Louisiana 
and progressed the Watheroo Biodiversity Project in Western Australia 
supporting threatened habitats
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
14
0
10
20
30
40
0
50
100
150
200
Jan 26
Feb 26
Mar 26
Apr 26
May 26
Jun 26
Navigating a volatile commodity environment 
3%
Marketing and trading contribution to EBIT; 
further value of H1 trading activities expected 
in H2
39%
Gas hub exposure on LNG volumes, impacted 
by the Pluto planned turnaround
$74/boe
Average realised price achieved through 
contracted positions and stronger commodity 
prices
~75%
Woo

---

r equity changes.
•
Excludes the final acquisition completion payment for Beaumont 
New Ammonia of $470 million. This is separately disclosed in the 
cash flow statement.
Abandonment expenditure
$ million
500 – 800
No change
Exploration expenditure
$ million
~ 200
No change
Production costs
$ million
1,500 – 1,800
No change
Feed gas, services and processing costs 
$ million
500 – 600
No change
Property, plant and equipment depreciation and amortisation
$ million
4,200 – 4,700
No change
1.
Consistent with 2025 Capital Markets Day, presented on a 3 year average for 2026-2028. Includes binding sales and purchases agreements only, Woodside’s equity share of Scarborough and Pluto LNG, Corpus 
Christi offtake volumes and assumes the Chevron asset swap is completed.
2.
Louisiana LNG (90% Louisiana LNG LLC, 60% Louisiana LNG Infrastructure LLC and 20% Driftwood Pipeline LLC) capital expenditure adjusted for the cash contributions from Stonepeak and Williams. 
Scarborough (74.9% participating interest) and Pluto Train 2 (51% participating interest). Trion (60% participating interest). Excludes the final acquisition completion payment for Beaumont New Ammonia of 
$470 million. Completion of the asset swap with Chevron assumed to occur in Q4 2026.
3.
Capital expenditure is reported on the basis of Woodside’s net ownership interests for each project as at 30 June 2026.
ersonal use only
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
38
Glossary
$, $m, $B
US dollar unless otherwise stated, millions of dollars, billions of dollars
1P
Proved reserves
AASB S2
Australian Accounting Standards Board S2 Climate-related Disclosures sets out disclosure requirements 
for an entity to provide useful information to primary users of its general purpose financial report about 
climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect the entity’s cash flows, 
access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term.
Abate/abatement
Avoidance, reduction or removal of an amount of carbon dioxide or equivalent
Aspiration
Woodside uses this term to describe an aspiration to seek the achievement of an outcome but where 
achievement of the outcome is subject to material uncertainties and contingencies such that Woodside 
considers there is not yet a suitable defined plan or pathway to achieve that outcome
Average realised price
Revenue from sale of products and provisional pricing adjustments ($ million) divided by sales volume 
(MMboe)
A$, AUD
Australian dollars
Biodiversity
Biological diversity means the variability among living organisms from all sources including, inter alia, 
terrestrial, marine and other aquatic ecosystems and the ecological complexes of which they are a part; 
this includes diversity within species, between species and of ecosystems
Bbl
Barrels
Bcf
Billion cubic feet
Brent
Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) Brent Crude deliverable futures contract (oil price)
boe, kboe, MMboe, Bboe
Barrel of oil equivalent, thousand barrels of oil equivalent, million barrels of oil equivalent, billion barrels 
of oil equivalent
CAGR
Compound annual growth rate
Capital expenditure
Capital additions on property, plant and equipment and evaluation capitalised. Excludes exploration 
capitalised and adjusted for the capital contribution from partners for the development of Louisiana LNG
Carbon credit
A tradable financial instrument that is issued by a carbon-crediting program. A carbon credit represents a 
greenhouse gas emission reduction to, or removal from, the atmosphere equivalent to 1 tCO2-e, 
calculated as the difference in emissions from a baseline scenario to a project scenario. Carbon credits are 
uniquely serialised, issued, tracked and retired or administratively cancelled by means of an electronic 
registry operated by an administrative body, such as a carbon-crediting program
Cash margin
Gross profit/loss adjusted for other cost of sales, property, plant and equipment depreciation and 
amortisation and other revenue. Excludes the marketing segment. Cash margin % is calculated as cash 
margin divided by revenue from sale of products (excluding marketing segment)
CBAM
Carbon border adjustment mechanism
CCS
Carbon capture and storage
CCUS
Carbon capture utilisation and storage
CO2
Carbon dioxide
CO2-e
CO₂ equivalent. The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global warming potential
of each of the seven greenhouse gases, expressed in terms of the global warming potential
of one unit of carbon dioxide. It is used to evaluate releasing (or avoiding releasing) any
greenhouse gas against a common basis1
Condensate
Hydrocarbons that are gaseous in a reservoir but that condense to form liquids as they rise to the surface
cps
Cents per share
Decarbonisation
Woodside uses this term to describe activities or pathways that have the effect of moving towards a state 
that is lower-carbon, as defined in this glossary
DES
Delivery ex ship
DTA
Deferred tax asset
EBIT
Calculated as a profit before income tax, PRRT and net finance costs
EBITDA
Calculated as profit before income tax, PRRT, net finance costs, depreciation and amortisation, impairment 
losses, impairment reversals
EBITDA margin
EBITDA margin % is calculated as EBITDA divided by operating revenue
Emissions
Emissions refers to emissions of greenhouse gases unless otherwise stated
EPC
Engineering, procurement and construction 
EPS
Earnings per share
Equity greenhouse gas emissions
Woodside sets its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets on an equity basis. 
This ensures that the scope of its emissions reduction targets is aligned with its economic interest in its 
investments. Equity emissions reflect the greenhouse gas emissions from operations according to 
Woodside’s share of equity in the operation. Its equity share of an operation reflects its economic interest 
in the operation, which is the extent of rights it has to the risks and rewards flowing from the operation2
Exploration expenditure
Includes exploration and evaluation expenditure less evaluation expenditure, amortisation of licence 
acquisition costs, prior year exploration expense written off and exploration capital

---

one-hour period)
TJ/day
Terajoules per day
TTF
Title transfer facility
Underlying NPAT
Net profit after tax from the Group’s operations excluding any exceptional items
Unit production cost or UPC
Production costs excluding feed gas, services and processing costs ($ million) divided by reserves 
production volume (MMboe)
US, USA
United States of America
USD
United States dollar
Woodside
Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 or its applicable subsidiaries
ersonal use only
Head Office:
Woodside Energy
Mia Yellagonga
11 Mount Street
Perth WA 6000
Australia
Postal Address:
GPO Box D188
Perth WA 6840
Australia
T: +61 8 9348 4000
F: +61 8 9214 2777
E: companyinfo@woodside.com
Woodside Energy Group Ltd
ABN 55 004 898 962
woodside.com
Half-Year 2026 Results Briefing
41
ersonal use only