Earnings Previews for Woodside Energy, Santos, Viva Energy, Ampol, Karoon Energy and other ASX Energy stocks ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Reporting Season / Earnings previews for Woodside Energy, Santos, Karoon Energy, Ampol, Viva Energy, Whitehaven Coal and other ASX energy stocks Reporting Season REPORTING SEASON News | Reporting Season Earnings previews for Woodside Energy, Santos, Karoon Energy, Ampol, Viva Energy, Whitehaven Coal and other ASX energy stocks February earnings season is here, and it could be make or break for beaten down stocks in the ASX Energy sector like Woodside and Santos. Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter --> 11 February 2025 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 10 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock, Market Index Mentioned Coal Crude Oil Natural Gas ALD $10.2B Ampol Ltd BOE $568.8M Boss Energy Ltd +7 more KEY POINTS The ASX Energy sector has been the worst performing major ASX sector over the last 12 months. Earnings in the sector have generally been steadily downgraded over this time as investors factored in weaker commodity prices, particularly for crude oil, natural gas, coal and uranium producers. We preview earnings season numbers from the major ASX Energy stocks including Woodside Energy (WDS), Santos (STO), Karoon Energy (KAR), Ampol (ALD), Viva Energ (VEA), New Hope Corp (NHC), Whitehaven Coal (WHC), Paladin Energy (PDN), and Boss Energy (BOE). Hands down, the S&P/ASX 200 Energy Sector Index (XEJ) has been the worst of the 11 major ASX sector indices over the last 12 months. On a total return basis, that is accounting for capital return and dividends, its 17% loss is around 10% behind that of the next-worse performer the S&P/ASX 200 Materials Sector Index (XMJ), and it’s a whopping 32% behind the +15% return delivered by the All Ordinaries Total Return Index*. S&P/ASX 200 Sector Indices Performance chart, the XEJ has been the standout worst performer ( click here for full size image) Some investors may automatically link the plunge in ASX energy shares with a buying opportunity, that is, lower share prices represent greater value. This is a potentially dangerous link to make when one considers that share prices don’t move by accident. Almost invariably, share prices move in response to changes in expected future earnings. Assuming this is the case, we must associate the decline in ASX energy shares over the last 12 months with progressively declining earnings expectations. The graphic below from major broker Macquarie, suggests this has largely been the case – and it only shows earnings per share (“EPS”) revisions over the last 3-months . ASX 300 - 2025 EPS Revisions Breadth Over Last 3 Months (Net %), Source: FactSet, Macquarie Research, January 2025. (From: “Australian Equity Strategy - Make Results Great Again”, Macquarie Research, 24 January 2024) The earnings of ASX-listed energy shares as a group have been slashed by around 18% since late 2024. In this context, their poor share price performance should not be a surprise. Moving forward, whether energy shares are indeed cheap will depend on the market’s perception of their earnings over the next 12 months , and beyond. If the major fund managers perceive there’ll be a pick-up in Energy sector earnings, then their share prices will rise, but similarly, continued expectations of lower earnings will likely result in another year of poor performance. That’s why the upcoming February earnings season is likely to be so important for the energy shares in your portfolio. It will shape the expectations of their earnings going forward, and therefore how the market responds in terms of share price gains or (further) losses. In this article, we’ll check out the key numbers and pressure points for the upcoming earnings releases of the major constituents of the XEJ. We’ll tackle them in order of their scheduled earnings release, starting with oil and gas producer Santos. Santos ( ASX: STO ) Santos (ASX-STO) chart Report/Reporting Date: Full Year 2024, 19 February Company Description: An upstream oil and gas producer with a strong focus on liquefied natural gas (LNG) assets in Papua New Guinea, Australia, and Alaska. Santos is committed to achieving net-zero emissions by 2040, leveraging carbon capture and storage (“CCS”) hubs to drive its decarbonisation efforts. The company aims to deliver increasing cash flow (“FCF”) to shareholders once key projects including Barossa and Pikka are operational and gearing falls within its target range. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – US$5,457 million Underlying EBITDA^ – US$3,703 million NPAT^^ – US$1,374 million EPS – US$0.404 (approx. A$0.65) DPS** – US$0.223 (approx. A$0.36) unfranked Key Earnings Pressure Points: Pre-growth FCF of around US$1.9b; payout ratio is greater than 40% of pre-growth FCF Initiation of a share buyback FY25 guidance of 90-97 million barrel of oil equivalent (“MMboe”) production and US$2.4-2.6b in capital expenditures (“CAPEX”) Details on 2025 cost reduction plan and progress updates on Pikka 2, Papua LNG, Bayu-Undan CCS, and Dorado projects Viva Energy ( ASX: VEA ) Viva Energy (ASX-VEA) chart Report/Reporting Date: Full Year 2024, 19 February Company Description: An integrated fuel refining, distribution, and retail/convenience business, supplying approximately 25% of Australia's fuel needs. Ampol is expanding its footprint in convenience retail, having acquired Coles Express (700+ sites) and OTR Group (226 sites), with plans to complete the buyout of Liberty Convenience (88 sites). Its Geelong petrochemical refinery has capacity of 120,000 barrels per day. Ampol is exploring opportunities in renewable fuels. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – $27,895 million Underlying EBITDA – $810 million NPAT – $304 million EPS – $0.195 DPS – $0.028 fully franked Key Earnings Pressure Points: Increasing levels of gearing vs potential impact on dividends Geelong refinery restart update Finalisation of Liberty Convenience sites price Outlook guidance for beyond FY25 Whitehaven Coal ( ASX: WHC ) Whitehaven Coal (ASX-WHC) chart Report/Reporting Date: H1 FY2025, 20 February Company Description: A coal producer operating three open cut and one underground mines in NSW. Primarily high-quality thermal coal; some semi-soft coking coal. Processed coal is exported from Newcastle Port to Asian markets. Whitehaven is advancing several expansion projects including the Vickery extension (open cut), Winchester South metallurgical coal (QLD), and the Narrabri extension. These extensions could extend the company’s total mine life by 15 years. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – $3,179 million NPAT – $52 million EPS – $0.21 DPS – $0.05 fully franked Key Earnings Pressure Points: Confirmation of FY25 production guidance (35.0 - 39.5Mt) and costs (A$140 - $155/t) Update on scheduled shutdown and maintenance at Narrabri Update on QLD productivity improvements Update on Nippon Blackwater sell-down Update on expected improvement in Daunia average coal specification Paladin Energy ( ASX: PDN ) Paladin Energy (ASX-PDN) chart Report/Reporting Date: H1 FY2025, 21 February Company Description: A uranium producer via a 75% stake in the Langer Heinrich mine (“LHM”) in Namibia, a globally significant operation targeting 6Mlb U3O8 p.a. production. LHM is currently in the ramp-up phase following the restart of the project in 2024. The mine has an estimated 17-year life and is positioned to benefit from rising global nuclear energy demand. Paladin also owns 100% of the Patterson Lake South (PLS) uranium project in Canada’s Athabasca Basin uranium region, along with a portfolio of exploration and development assets across Canada and Australia. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – $156 million NPAT – $37 million EPS – $0.07 DPS – n/a Key Earnings Pressure Points: LHM production ramp-up progress (and potential FY26 guidance) Update on settlement of 200klb loan arrangement Update on Patterson Lake South development project (provincial approvals, potential commercial partner and offtake agreement) Michelin revised study update Ampol ( ASX: ALD ) Ampol (ASX-ALD) chart Report/Reporting Date: Full Year 2024, 24 February Company Description: Australia and New Zealand’s largest integrated fuels and energy company, supplying approximately 24 billion liters of fuel annually through an extensive refining, storage, and distribution network. The company’s Trading and Shipping operation transports both imported fuel products and crude for refining at the company’s Lytton Refinery in Brisbane, as well as exporting the company’s refined products. Other infrastructure includes 24 fuel terminals, as well as a network of approximately 2,400 retail sites, many utilising the convenience store format. Ampol is investing in energy transition initiatives, including the establishment of Australia’s biggest EV charging network, as well as ongoing developments in hydrogen fuel solutions and biofuels. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – $34,756 million Underlying EBITDA – $1,226 million NPAT – $266 million EPS – $1.11 DPS – $0.02 fully franked Key Earnings Pressure Points: Increasing levels of gearing vs potential impact on dividends Update on impacts of recent planned maintenance at Lytton Refinery Improvement in Lytton Refiner Margin Woodside Energy ( ASX: WDS ) Woodside Energy (ASX-WDS) chart Report/Reporting Date: Full Year 2024, 25 February Company Description: A global energy producer specialising in LNG operations and deepwater oil and gas production. Its key assets span Australia, the US (offshore Gulf of Mexico), Trinidad & Tobago, and Senegal. The company is advancing major developments, including the Scarborough and Pluto Train 2 LNG projects in Australia (targeting first LNG in 2026) and the Trion deepwater oil project in Mexico (targeting first oil in 2028). Additionally, Woodside is expanding into low-carbon solutions with the Louisiana LNG and Beaumont clean ammonia projects. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – US$12,923 million Underlying EBITDA – US$9,578 million NPAT – US$3,035 million EPS – US$1.642 (approx. A$2.62) DPS – US$0.625 (approx. A$1.00) fully franked Key Earnings Pressure Points: FY25 guidance of 186-196MMboe production and US$2.4-2.6b capex Progress updates on Beaumont New Ammonia, Scarborough, Trion, Louisiana LNG final investment decision (“FID”), and initiatives in energy transition projects. Boss Energy ( ASX: BOE ) Boss Energy (ASX-BOE) chart Report/Reporting Date: H1 FY2025, 26 February Company Description: An emerging uranium producer focused on in-situ recovery (ISR) mining at operations in Australia and the United States. The company’s flagship Honeymoon uranium mine in South Australia is ramping up to a targeted annual production of 2.45Mlb U3O8 p.a. by FY27. Honeymoon has an initial mine life of just over 10 years, with potential extensions likely by adding satellite deposits at Gould’s Dam and Jason’s. The company also has a 30% stake in the Alta Mesa project in Texas, operated by equity partner enCore Energy. Alta Mesa is expected to produce 1.5Mlb U3O8 p.a. by the end of 2026. Boss is well-positioned to benefit from rising uranium demand, driven by global efforts to expand nuclear energy, and holds a strong cash balance of over $250 million and a strategic inventory of 1.25Mlb U3O8 to support growth initiatives. Honeymoon is one of the world’s lowest-cost ISR uranium producers, with an estimated all-in sustaining cost (AISC) of around US$25/lb, enhancing its competitiveness in a strengthening uranium market. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – $107 million EPS – $0.10 DPS – n/a Key Earnings Pressure Points: Confirmation of FY25 production guidance and costs Update on IX column completion Update on resource upgrade Update on callback of Encore loan Karoon Energy ( ASX: KAR ) Karoon Energy (ASX-KAR) chart Report/Reporting Date: Full Year 2024, 27 February Company Description: An oil and gas exploration and production company focussed on its 100%-owned and operated Baúna and Patola offshore production area in Brazil’s Santos Basin. Since taking ownership of the project in 2020, Karoon has significantly increased production, with Baúna expected to produce approximately 25,000 barrels of oil per day. The company is also advancing the nearby Neon and Goiá fields, which offer potential for a standalone development. Karoon recently acquired a 30% stake in the LLOG-operated Who Dat project in the Gulf of Mexico in the USA. Who Dat is a producing deepwater oil field with long-life reserves and additional upside potential. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – US$776.7 million Underlying EBITDA – US$499.5 million NPAT – US$201 million EPS – US$0.252 (approx. A$0.40) DPS – US$0.03 (approx. A$0.048) fully franked Key Earnings Pressure Points: Update on share buybacks / proposed $75 million share buyback FY25 guidance 9.0-10.5MMboe production and US$99-117m capex Update on Baúna FPSO acquisition from Altera & Ocyan New Hope Corporation ( ASX: NHC ) New Hope Corporation (ASX-NHC) chart Report/Reporting Date: H1 FY2025, 18 March Company Description: A diversified energy company focused on coal mining, logistics, and energy investments. New Hope Corporation owns an 80% stake in the Bengalla Mine (NSW), producing 10-11Mt p.a. of thermal coal, and operates the New Acland Mine (QLD), which has secured approval for its Stage 3 expansion which should yield 5Mt p.a. of coal production over a lifespan of 12-15 years. The company also owns Queensland Bulk Handling, a major coal export terminal at the Port of Brisbane. Beyond mining, New Hope has agricultural operations as well as interests in oil and gas exploration through Bridgeport Energy. Key Earnings Data Forecasts: Total Revenue – $1,127 million EPS – $0.36 DPS – $0.15 fully franked Key Earnings Pressure Points: Confirmation of FY25 production guidance and costs Update on slower than expected ramp-up at New Acland, as well as on legal challenges regarding Associated Water License Update on Maxwell long wall development Update on West Muswellbrook concept study *The All Ordinaries Total Return Index’s (XAOA) represents the total return of roughly the top 500 ASX stocks. ^EBITDA = Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortisation ^^NPAT = Net profit after tax ** DPS = Dividends per share (For full year results, refers to the dividend relating to the second half only, i.e., not the total of the first and second half amounts) Consensus estimate are taken from a broad range of broker reports on file or from Factset Consensus and are correct at the time of writing. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter Carl brings more than 30 years of investing experience and a track record of helping thousands of investors navigate every kind of market. A highly regarded commentator on global macro trends and their impact on Australian and US equities, he is also one of Australia's most recognised educators in technical analysis — having taught his distinctive price-action trend following methodology to two generations of investors. Printed 02/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index