WDS completes sale of 10% Scarborough interest Woodside Energy Group Ltd 26 March 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Tuesday, 26 March 2024 WOODSIDE COMPLETES SALE OF 10% SCARBOROUGH INTEREST Woodside has completed the sale of a 10% non-operating participating interest in the Scarborough Joint Venture to LJ Scarborough Pty Ltd (LNG Japan). [1] The completion follows Woodside's announcement on 8 August 2023 that it had established a strategic relationship with LNG Japan that involved three elements: equity in the Scarborough Joint Venture; potential LNG offtake; and collaboration on potential opportunities in new energy. The sale proceeds received by Woodside of US$910 million for equity in the Scarborough Joint Venture comprises the purchase price, reimbursed expenditure and escalation. [2] Woodside CEO Meg O'Neill welcomed completion of the sale. "LNG Japan's commitment to the Scarborough Joint Venture is a demonstration of the value our customers place on gas as a long-term source of energy as they navigate the energy transition. Completion of the sale to LNG Japan is a significant milestone as we progress toward first LNG cargo from Scarborough targeted in 2026. "We are also pleased to welcome Japan Organization for Metals and Energy Security's equity investment in LJ Scarborough Pty Ltd. JOGMEC's support reflects the contribution Scarborough gas will make to Japan's energy security." Woodside holds a 90% interest in the Scarborough Joint Venture and will remain as operator. Following completion of the transaction with JERA announced on 23 February 2024, Woodside's interest will be 74.9% in the Scarborough Joint Venture. [3] As a result of completion of the sale, applying estimates effective as at 26 March 2024, Woodside's Scarborough field proved (1P) undeveloped reserves reduced by 128.7 MMboe to 1,158.3 MMboe (Woodside share). [4] Proved plus probable (2P) undeveloped reserves reduced by 201.1 MMboe to 1,809.7 MMboe (Woodside share). [5] Woodside's Scarborough field Best Estimate (2C) contingent resources reduced by 2.2 MMboe to 20.2 MMboe (Woodside share). [6] , [7] The attached notes on petroleum reserves and resource estimates form part of this announcement. About Scarborough The Scarborough Energy Project comprises the Scarborough Joint Venture, the Pluto Train 2 Joint Venture and modifications to Pluto Train 1 to process Scarborough gas. The Scarborough Joint Venture includes the Scarborough field and associated offshore and subsea infrastructure. The Scarborough field is located approximately 375 km off the coast of Western Australia and the reservoir contains less than 0.1% carbon dioxide. Scarborough gas will be processed at the Pluto LNG facility, where Woodside is currently constructing Pluto Train 2. Woodside is operator of Pluto LNG and Pluto Train 2. In addition to the sale of a 10% non-operating participating interest in the Scarborough Joint Venture to LNG Japan, Woodside announced in February 2024 it had entered into a sale and purchase agreement with JERA for the sale of a 15.1% non-operating participating interest in the Scarborough Joint Venture. 3 About LNG Japan LJ Scarborough Pty Ltd is a jointly owned subsidiary of LNG Japan Corporation (which is a 50:50 joint venture between Sumitomo Corporation and Sojitz Corporation) and Japan Organization for Metals and Energy Security (JOGMEC). JOGMEC has a 49.9% interest in LJ Scarborough Pty Ltd. Sumitomo Corporation is a leading Fortune 500 global trading and business investment company with 129 locations (Japan:20, Overseas:109) in 66 countries and regions. Sojitz Corporation consists of approximately 400 subsidiaries and affiliates located in Japan and throughout the world, developing wide-ranging general trading company operations in a multitude of countries and regions. About JOGMEC Japan Organization for Metals and Energy Security (JOGMEC) integrates the functions of the former Japan National Oil Corporation, which was in charge of securing a stable supply of oil and natural gas, and the former Metal Mining Agency of Japan, which was in charge of ensuring a stable supply of nonferrous metal and mineral resources and implementing mine pollution control measures. Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Christine Forster M: +61 484 112 469 E: christine.forster@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. Forward-looking statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside's business and operations, market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for example, but not limited to, statements regarding the transaction, the timing of completion of other transactions, the timing of completion of Woodside's projects and expectations regarding future expenditures and future results of projects. All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as 'guidance', 'foresee', 'likely', 'potential', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'aim', 'aspire', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'may', 'target', 'plan', 'forecast', 'outlook', 'project', 'schedule', 'will', 'should', 'seek' and other similar words or expressions. Similarly, statements that describe the objectives, plans, goals or expectations of Woodside are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this announcement are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of future events or performance , but are in the nature of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are subject to change without notice and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Woodside, its related bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives. If any of the assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based were to change or be found to be incorrect, this would likely cause outcomes to differ from the statements made in this announcement. A detailed summary of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the "Risk" section of Woodside's most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and the London Stock Exchange and in Woodside's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review and have regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this announcement.