Page 1 of 3 
Announcement 
 
Tuesday, 29 April 2025  
 
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
 
 
WOODSIDE APPROVES LOUISIANA LNG DEVELOPMENT 
 
Woodside has made a final investment decision to develop the three-train, 16.5 million tonne per annum 
(Mtpa) Louisiana LNG development. Woodside is targeting first LNG in 2029. 
 
Development of Louisiana LNG will position Woodside as a global LNG powerhouse, enabling the company 
to deliver approximately 24 Mtpa from its global LNG portfolio in the 2030s, and operating over 5% of global 
LNG supply.1 The development has expansion capacity for two additional LNG trains and is fully permitted 
for a total capacity of 27.6 Mtpa. 
 
Louisiana LNG represents a compelling investment that will deliver significant cash flow and create long-term 
value for Woodside shareholders. It exceeds Woodside’s capital allocation targets, delivering an internal rate 
of return (IRR) above 13% and a payback period of seven years. 
 
At full capacity, the foundation project is expected to generate approximately $2 billion of annual net 
operating cash in the 2030s. It will drive Woodside’s next chapter of value creation, giving the company’s 
global portfolio the potential to generate over $8 billion of annual net operating cash in the 2030s.2 
 
The forecast total capital expenditure for the LNG project, pipeline and management reserve is  
US$17.5 billion (100%).3 Stonepeak, as an investor in Louisiana LNG Infrastructure LLC, will provide  
$5.7 billion towards the expected capital expenditure for the LNG project on an accelerated basis, 
contributing 75% of capital expenditure in both 2025 and 2026. 4 Woodside’s share of forecast total capital 
expenditure is $11.8 billion. 
 
Woodside’s greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets remain unchanged by the final investment decision 
on Louisiana LNG. The starting base for the emissions reduction target will not be adjusted as a result of the 
final investment decision.5  
 
Woodside CEO Meg O’Neill said the final investment decision on Louisiana LNG was an historic moment for 
the company. 
 
“Louisiana LNG is a game-changer for Woodside, set to position our company as a global LNG powerhouse 
and enable us to deliver enduring shareholder returns. 
 
 
1 Source: Wood Mackenzie. 
2 At Woodside’s current equity interest of 100% in HoldCo  (and assumes completion of the asset swap transaction between Woodside and Chevron - refer 
to announcement titled ‘Woodside simplifies portfolio and unlocks long -term value’ announced 19 December 2024. Completion of the transaction is 
expected to occur in 2026).  
3 Louisiana LNG project cost is $15.9 billion, or $960/tonne, and includes EPC, owner’s cost and contingency costs. Pipeline cost is $1.1 billion. 
Management reserve contains allowances for tariffs and business unit costs.  
4 See “Woodside announces Louisiana LNG partnership with Stonepeak” announced 7 April 2025 for details. Completion of the trans action is expected to 
occur in the second quarter of 2025. 
5 Refer to “Woodside’s greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets ” at the end of this announcement. 
For personal use only
Page 2 of 3 
“This world-class project is a compelling and de-risked investment. It leverages Woodside’s proven strengths 
in project execution, operational excellence, marketing and customer relationships to offer significant cash 
generation and drive long-term shareholder value.  
  
“We have secured quality partners and are now ready to take a final investment decision. 6 This decision is 
another demonstration of Woodside’s disciplined investment approach, with the project delivering returns 
that exceed our capital allocation framework. 
 
“Adding Louisiana LNG to our established Australian LNG business provides Woodside with a balanced and 
resilient portfolio, combining long-life, flexible LNG assets with high-return oil assets. 
  
“The project benefits from access to abundant low-cost gas resources in the United States and boasts an 
asset lifespan of more than 40 years. It also has access to well-established interstate and intrastate gas 
supply networks. 
 
“The marketing opportunities Louisiana LNG offers across the Pacific and Atlantic Basins leverages 
Woodside’s proven LNG marketing capabilities and complements our established position in Asia. This will 
position Woodside to even better serve global customers and meet growing energy demand. 
 
“This supply can target strong and sustained demand for LNG expected in both Asia and Europe, as those 
markets pursue energy security and decarbonisation aspirations. 
 
“We are pleased with the strong level of interest from potential strategic partners and are advancing 
discussions targeting further equity sell-downs. This will further reduce Woodside’s capital and accelerate 
the value of Louisiana LNG and is consistent with the approach we have taken with our Scarborough Energy 
Project in Australia. 
 
“As the largest single foreign direct investment in Louisiana’s history, Louisiana LNG will also be the first 
greenfield US LNG project to go to final investment decision since July 2023. 
 
“Louisiana LNG will support approximately 15,000 national jobs during construction. Woodside appreciates 
the support Louisiana LNG has received from both the US Federal and Louisiana State governments. ”  
 
Teleconference 
 
A teleconference providing an overview of the Louisiana LNG development and a question-and-answer 
session will be hosted by CEO and Managing Director, Meg O’Neill, today at 08:00 AWST / 10:00 AEST 
(19:00 CDT Monday, 28 April 2025). 
 
We recommend participants pre-register 5 to 10 minutes prior to the event with one of the following links: 
 
• https://webcast.openbriefing.com/wds-ann-2025/ to view the presentation and listen to a live stream 
of the question-and-answer session 
• https://s1.c-conf.com/diamondpass/10047000-ixhubr.html to participate in the question-and-answer 
session. Following pre-registration, participants will receive the teleconference details and a unique 
access passcode. 
 
An investor presentation follows this announcement and will be referred to during the conference call. It will 
also be made available on the Woodside website (www.woodside.com).  
 
 
 
 
6 See “Woodside signs LNG supply agreements with Uniper ” announced 17 April 2025 for details. See “Woodside announces Louisiana LNG partnership 
with Stonepeak” announced 7 April 2025 for details. Completion of the transaction is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2025. 
For personal use only
Page 3 of 3 
   
INVESTORS 
Sarah Peyman 
M: +61 457 513 249 
E: investor@woodside.com 
MEDIA 
Christine Forster 
M: +61 484 112 469  
E: christine.forster@woodside.com 
 
 
This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
Forward-looking statements 
 
This announcement contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside's business and operations, 
market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for example, but not limited to, 
statements regarding timing and completion of Louisiana LNG and related sell-down transactions, construction 
costs and capital expenditures, the expected benefits, cash flow and rates of return and other future 
arrangements relating to Louisiana LNG, expectations regarding future expenditures and future results of 
projects. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement reflect Woodside's views held as at 
the date of this announcement. All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts, are forward -
looking statements and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as 'guidance', 
'foresee', 'likely', 'potential', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'aim', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'may', 'target', ‘position’, 
‘enable’, 'plan', 'forecast', 'project', 'schedule', 'will', 'should', 'seek' and other similar words or expressions.  
Forward-looking statements in this announcement are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of 
future events or performance, but are in the nature of aspirational targets that Woodside has set for itself and 
its management of the business. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are only 
opinions, are subject to change without notice and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of  Woodside, its related 
bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives.  
Details of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the "Risk" section of Woodside's 
most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and Woodside's most recent 
Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available 
on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review 
and have regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this announcement.  
Investors are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Actual results 
or performance may vary materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any forward -looking statements.  
All information included in this announcement, including any forward-looking statements, speak only as of the 
date of this announcement and, except as required by law or regulation, Woodside does not undertake to 
update or revise any information or forward-looking statements contained in this announcement, whether as a 
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
Woodside’s greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets 
 
Net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target of 30% by 2030 and net zero aspiration 
by 2050 or sooner. Target is for net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, relative to a starting 
base representative of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions over  
2016-2020 and may be adjusted (up or down) for potential equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets 
with a final investment decision prior to 2021. 
 
For personal use only
Woodside approves 
Louisiana LNG development
www.woodside.com 
investor@woodside.com 
29 April 2025
Creating a global LNG powerhouseFor personal use only
Information
• This presentation has been prepared by Woodside Energy Group Ltd (“Woodside”).
• All information included in this presentation, including any forward-looking statements, reflects Woodside’s views held as 
at the date of this presentation and, except as required by applicable law or regulation, neither Woodside, its related 
bodies corporate, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives (“Beneficiaries”) 
intends to, undertakes to, or assumes any obligation to, provide any additional information or update or revise any 
information or forward-looking statements in this presentation after the date of this presentation, either to make them 
conform to actual results or as a result of new information, future events, changes in Woodside’s expectations or otherwise. 
• This presentation may contain industry, market and competitive position data that is based on industry publications and 
studies conducted by third parties as well as Woodside’s internal estimates and research. While Woodside believes that 
each of these publications and third party studies is reliable and has been prepared by a reputable source, Woodside has 
not independently verified the market and industry data obtained from these third party sources and cannot guarantee the 
accuracy or completeness of such data. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on any of the industry, market 
and competitive position data contained in this presentation. 
• To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Woodside, its related bodies corporate, nor any of their respective 
Beneficiaries, assume any liability (including liability for equitable, statutory or other damages) in connection with, any 
responsibility for, or make any representation or warranty (express or implied) as to, the fairness, currency, accuracy, 
adequacy, reliability or completeness of the information or any opinions expressed in this presentation or the 
reasonableness of any underlying assumptions. 
No offer or advice
• This presentation is not intended to and does not constitute, form part of, or contain an offer or invitation to sell to 
Woodside shareholders or to any other person, or a solicitation of an offer from Woodside shareholders or from any other 
person, or a solicitation of any vote or approval from Woodside shareholders or from any other person in any jurisdiction. 
• This presentation has been prepared without reference to the investment objectives, financial and taxation situation or 
particular needs of any Woodside shareholder or of any other person. The information contained in this presentation does 
not constitute, and should not be taken as, financial product or investment advice. Woodside encourages you to seek 
independent legal, financial, taxation and other professional advice before making any investment decision. 
• This presentation and the information contained herein may not be taken or transmitted, in, into or from and may not be 
copied, forwarded, distributed or transmitted in or into any jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution 
would be unlawful. The release, presentation, publication or distribution of this presentation, in whole or in part, in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law or regulation, and persons into whose possession this presentation comes should 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a 
violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. Woodside does not accept liability to any person in relation to the 
distribution or possession of this document in or from any such jurisdiction. 
Forward-looking statements
• This presentation contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside’s business and operations, market 
conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for example, but not limited to, statements regarding 
outcomes of transactions, undertakings, arrangements and agreements which Woodside has entered into, statements 
regarding long-term demand for Woodside’s products, development, completion and execution of Woodside’s projects, 
expectations regarding future capital expenditures, the payment of future dividends and the amount thereof, future results 
of projects, operating activities and new energy products, expectations and plans for renewables production capacity and 
investments in, and development of, renewable projects expectations and guidance with respect to production, capital and 
exploration expenditure and gas hub exposure, and expectations regarding the achievement of Woodside’s net equity 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction and new energy investment targets and other climate and sustainability 
goals. All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts, are forward-looking statements and generally 
may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as ‘guidance’, ‘foresee’, ‘likely’, ‘potential’, ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, 
‘aim’, ’aspire’, ‘estimate, ‘expect’, ‘intend’, ‘may’, ‘target’, ‘plan’, ’forecast’, ‘indicative’, ‘outlook’, ‘project’, ‘sch edule’, ‘will’, 
‘should’, ‘seek’ and other similar words or expressions. Similarly, statements that describe the objectives, plans, goals or 
expectations of Woodside are forward-looking statements.
• Forward-looking statements in this presentation are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of future events or 
performance, but are in the nature of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and 
assumptions. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are subject to change without notice and are 
subject to inherent known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are beyond the 
control of Woodside, its related bodies corporate and their respective Beneficiaries. 
• Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, 
but are not limited to, fluctuations in commodity prices, actual demand for Woodside’s products, currency fluctuations, 
geotechnical factors, drilling and production results, gas commercialisation, development progress, operating results, 
engineering estimates, reserve and resource estimates, loss of market, industry competition, environmental risks, climate 
related risks, physical risks, legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments, changes in accounting standards, economic and 
financial markets conditions in various countries and regions, political risks, the actions of third parties, project delay o r 
advancement, regulatory approvals, the impact of armed conflict and political instability (such as the ongoing conflict in 
Ukraine and in the Middle East) on economic activity and oil and gas supply and demand, cost estimates, the effect of 
future regulatory or legislative actions on Woodside or the industries in which it operates, including potential changes to 
tax laws and tariffs, construction costs, the impact of general economic conditions, inflationary conditions, prevailing 
exchange rates and interest rates and conditions in financial markets, and risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and 
joint ventures, including difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, restructuring, 
increased costs and adverse tax consequences, and uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested 
properties and businesses.
• Details of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the “Risk” section of Woodside’s most recent 
Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and Woodside’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F 
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and available on the Woodside website at 
https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review and have regard to these risks when 
considering the information contained in this presentation. 
• If any of the assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based were to change or be found to be incorrect, this 
would likely cause outcomes to differ from the statements made in this presentation. Investors are strongly cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Actual results or performance may vary materially from those 
expressed in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements. 
2
Disclaimer, important notes and assumptionsFor personal use only
• All forward-looking statements contained in this presentation reflect Woodside’s views held as at the date of this 
presentation and, except as required by applicable law or regulation, Woodside does not intend to, undertake to, or assume 
any obligation to, provide any additional information or update or revise any of these statements after the date of this 
presentation, either to make them conform to actual results or as a result of new information, future events, changes in 
Woodside’s expectations or otherwise. 
Disclosure of reserve information and cautionary note to US investors
• Woodside is an Australian company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. 
Woodside estimates and reports its Proved (1P) Reserves in accordance with the SEC regulations, which are also compliant 
with SPE-PRMS guidelines, and estimates and reports its Proved plus Probable (2P) Reserves and Best Estimate (2C) 
Contingent Resources in accordance with SPE-PRMS guidelines. Woodside reports all of its petroleum resource estimates 
using definitions consistent with SPE-PRMS. 
• The SEC prohibits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, from disclosing estimates of oil or gas resources other 
than ‘reserves’ (as that term is defined by the SEC). In this presentation, Woodside includes estimates of quantities of oil and 
gas using certain terms, such as ‘proved plus probable (2P) reserves’, ‘best estimate (2C) contingent resources’, ‘reserves and 
contingent resources’, ‘proved plus probable’, ‘developed and undeveloped’, ‘probable developed’, ‘probable undeveloped’, 
‘contingent resources’ or other descriptions of volumes of reserves, which terms include quantities of oil and gas that may 
not meet the SEC’s definitions of proved, probable and possible reserves, and which the SEC’s guidelines strictly prohibit 
Woodside from including in filings with the SEC. These types of estimates do not represent, and are not intended to 
represent, any category of reserves based on SEC definitions, and may differ from and may not be comparable to the same 
or similarly-named measures used by other companies. These estimates are by their nature more speculative than estimates 
of proved reserves and would require substantial capital spending over a significant number of years to implement recovery, 
and accordingly are subject to substantially greater risk of not being recovered by Woodside. In addition, actual locations 
drilled and quantities that may be ultimately recovered from Woodside’s properties may differ substantially. Woodside has 
made no commitment to drill, and likely will not drill, all drilling locations that have been attributable to these quantitie s. US 
investors are urged to consider closely the disclosures in Woodside’s most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the 
SEC and available on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings and its other 
filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov.
Assumptions
• Unless otherwise indicated, the targets set out in this presentation have been estimated on the basis of a variety of 
economic assumptions including: (1) US$75/bbl Brent long-term oil price, US$10/MMBtu long term JKM price, US$9/MMBtu 
long-term TTF price, US$3.50 long-term Henry Hub price (2024 real terms) and a long-term inflation rate of 2.0%; (2) 
currently sanctioned projects being delivered in accordance with their current project schedules; and (3) applicable growth 
opportunities being sanctioned and delivered in accordance with the target schedules provided in this presentation. These 
growth opportunities are subject to relevant project participant approvals, commercial arrangements with third parties and 
regulatory approvals being obtained in the timeframe contemplated or at all. Woodside expresses no view as to whether 
project participants will agree with and support Woodside’s current position in relation to these opportunities, or such 
commercial arrangements and regulatory approvals will be obtained. Additional assumptions relevant to particular targets 
or other statements in this presentation may be set out in the relevant slides. 
• Any such additional assumptions are in addition to the assumptions and qualifications applicable to the presentation as      
a whole.
Climate strategy and emissions data
• All greenhouse gas emissions data in this presentation are estimates, due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in 
measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas emissions, and our methodologies for measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas 
emissions may evolve as best practices continue to develop and data quality and quantity continue to improve. 
• Woodside “greenhouse gas” or “emissions” information reported are net equity Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions, and/or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, unless otherwise stated. 
• For more information on Woodside's climate strategy and performance, including further details regarding Woodside’s 
targets, aspirations and goals and the underlying methodology, judgements, assumptions and contingencies, refer to 
Woodside's Climate Transition Action Plan 2023 (CTAP) and the 2024 Climate Update, each available on the Woodside 
website at https://www.woodside.com/sustainability/climate-change and section 3.85 of Woodside’s 2024 Annual Report. 
The glossary and footnotes to this presentation provide clarification regarding the use of terms such as "lower-carbon“ 
under Woodside's climate strategy. A full glossary of terms used in connection with Woodside's climate strategy is 
contained in the CTAP.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
• Throughout this presentation, a range of financial and non-financial measures are used to assess Woodside’s performance, 
including a number of financial measures that are not defined in, and have not been prepared in accordance with, 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity 
under IFRS (Non-IFRS Financial Measures). These measures include Cash Margin, Gearing, Capital and Exploration 
expenditure and Liquidity. Net operating cash describes net cash from operating activities adjusted to remove the Louisiana 
LNG non-controlling interest (NCI) to present net cash from operating activities attributable to Woodside (i.e. not on a 
consolidated basis) and also reflects the impact of lease repayments. These Non-IFRS Financial Measures are defined in the 
glossary section of this presentation. A quantitative reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable 
financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS can be found in Woodside’s Full Year Report for the 
period ended 31 December 2024. Net operating cash is defined in the glossary of this presentation and was not used in 
Woodside’s Full Year Report for the period ended 31 December 2024.
• Woodside’s management uses these measures to monitor Woodside’s financial performance alongside IFRS measures to 
improve the comparability of information between reporting periods and business units and Woodside believes that the 
Non-IFRS Financial Measures it presents provide a useful means through which to examine the underlying performance of 
its business. 
• Undue reliance should not be placed on the Non-IFRS Financial Measures contained in this presentation and these Non-IFRS 
Financial Measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of financial 
performance, financial position or cash flows reported in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS Financial Measures are not 
uniformly defined by all companies, including those in Woodside’s industry. Accordingly, they may not be comparable with 
similarly titled measures and disclosures by other companies.
Other important information
• All references to dollars, cents or $ in this presentation are to US currency, unless otherwise stated. 
• References to “Woodside” may be references to Woodside Energy Group Ltd and/or its applicable subsidiaries (as the 
context requires). 
• This presentation does not include any express or implied prices at which Woodside will buy or sell financial products. 
• A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at 
any time.
3
Disclaimer, important notes and assumptions (continued)For personal use only
4
Louisiana LNG development approved
Develops world-class asset
Compelling investment
Generates long-term value
Three-train 16.5 Mtpa development at fully permitted site, leveraging best-in-class technology
De-risked low-cost development, benefits

---

financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of this presentation for the definition. Refer to the note A.1 Segment Revenue and 
Expenses in the notes to the financial statements in the 2022, 2023 and 2024 Annual Reports.
4. Assumes ~50% of volumes (11 Mtpa) would be taken into Woodside’s global portfolio.
5. Includes up to 3 Mtpa (gross), 2.25 Mtpa (equity interest) processed through Pluto Train 1. 
Operated
Pre-FID
Non-operated
Atlantic Basin
Marketing portfolio Stage Equity
Louisiana LNG (foundation) Construction ~8.0 Mtpa
Louisiana LNG (expansion) Pre-FID 5.5 Mtpa4
Corpus Christi Producing 0.85 Mtpa
Asia Pacific
Louisiana LNG
Calypso
Corpus Christi
Europe
Asia Pacific
Latin America
Pacific Basin
Marketing portfolio Stage Equity
NWS Project Producing 8.5 Mtpa1
Pluto Producing 4.4 Mtpa
Scarborough Construction 6.0 Mtpa5
North West Shelf
Pluto LNG
Scarborough
Asia 
Pacific
Asia 
Pacific
Sunrise
Browse
Grows global LNG portfolio to 
~24 Mtpa in 20301,2
Established LNG portfolio marketing in 
2013; key enabler for optimisation
Marketing activities contributes on 
average ~10% of EBIT3
Optimisation expected to deliver 
~$0.40/MMBtu over the long term
Future growth options
For personal use only
21
Unlocking Woodside’s 2030 portfolio
1. For further details on product sales and operating cash flow, refer to Woodside’s Annual Report 2024, released 25 February 2025.
2. See “Woodside simplifies portfolio and unlocks long-term value” announced 19 December 2024 for details. Completion of the transaction is expected to occur in 2026.
3. See “Woodside to divest Greater Angostura assets to Perenco” announced 28 March 2025 for details. Completion of the transaction is expected to occur in the third quarter of 2025.
4. Source: Wood Mackenzie.
5. Assumes ~8 Mtpa of Louisiana LNG volumes are taken into Woodside’s global marketing portfolio. For further information on Louisiana LNG volumes to be included in Woodside’s portfolio, refer to slide 13. Assumes completion of the asset swap transaction between Woodside and Chevron - 
refer to announcement titled ‘Woodside simplifies portfolio and unlocks long-term value’ announced 19 December 2024 (with completion expected to occur in 2026) and the retirement of one of the five LNG trains at the North West Shelf Project.
Today 2025-2028 2029+
Deliver world-class LNG, oil and 
ammonia assets
Delivering strong results from 
high-quality portfolio1
2024 sales: 203.5 MMboe
2024 net cash from operating activities:
$5.8 billion
Generate significant cash flow for 
returns and growth
2030s sales: >300 MMboe5
2030s net operating cash: >$8 billion5
Optimising portfolio 
Woodside-Chevron asset swap (~$400m) and 
Greater Angostura divestiture (>$200m)2,3
Delivering projects
Sangomar ramped up to nameplate 
capacity (100,000 bbl/day) within nine weeks
Global LNG powerhouse
Expected to operate ~5% of global LNG market4
2025: Beaumont New Ammonia
1.1 Mtpa ammonia with expansion capability
2026: Scarborough
Up to 8 Mtpa LNG capacity + 225 TJ/day 
domestic gas capacity
2028: Trion
100,000 bbl/day production capacity
2029-2031: Louisiana LNG
16.5 Mtpa, long-life resource
For personal use only
22
Delivering the next generation of assets
1. Net operating cash is indicative only, not guidance. 
2. Assumes 60% equity interest in Louisiana LNG Infrastructure LLC (InfraCo) held by Louisiana LNG LLC (HoldCo), and Woodside equity interest of 100% in HoldCo. Assumes ~8 Mtpa of Louisiana LNG volumes are taken into Woodside’s global marketing portfolio. For further information on Louisiana 
LNG volumes to be included in Woodside’s portfolio, refer to slide 13. Assumes completion of the asset swap transaction between Woodside and Chevron - refer to announcement titled ‘Woodside simplifies portfolio and unlocks long-term value’ announced 19 December 2024 (with completion 
expected to occur in 2026) and the retirement of one of the five LNG trains at the North West Shelf Project.
3. International Growth includes Sangomar, Trion, and Beaumont New Ammonia.
4. Base includes Woodside’s NWS, Pluto, Bass Strait, remaining Australian assets, and US Gulf offshore oil assets.
Potential to generate over $8 billion of net operating 
cash in 20301,2
Mix of long-life, low decline LNG assets coupled with 
high-return oil assets
Net operating cash from producing assets in 2030:
▪ ~55% LNG
▪ ~35% oil
▪ ~10% ammonia and pipeline gas
Scarborough
International growth3
Base4
Louisiana LNG2
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
2024 2027 2030 2032
Indicative net operating cash1
$ billion
For personal use only
CLOSE
For personal use only
24
Investing in US prosperity
1. Estimated combined tax rate of 25.35 (21% + (5.5% x 79%)). 
2. Louisiana State University Center for Energy Studies Report, 14 March 2025.
3. Direct jobs. Includes direct labour on the construction site and all labour used to make materials purchased for construction (e.g. pipe fabricators).
NATIONAL JOBS DURING 
CONSTRUCTION3
15,000+
NATIONAL JOBS DURING 
OPERATIONS
4,000+
Largest single direct foreign investment in 
Louisiana’s history
First greenfield US LNG project sanctioned 
since the lifting of the LNG pause
Attractive fiscal environment for long-term 
investment
Subject to US Federal income tax of 21% 
and Louisiana income tax rate of 5.5%1
Job creation2
For personal use only
25
Louisiana LNG development approved
Develops world-class asset
Compelling investment
Generates long-term value
Three-train 16.5 Mtpa development at fully permitted site, leveraging best-in-class technology
De-risked low-cost development, benefits from foreign trade zone
Targeting first LNG 2029
Exceeds Woodside’s capital allocation targets
Reduced capital commitment through infrastructure sell-down to high-quality partner
Significant cash generation to support shareholder distributions
Complementary LNG presence in the Atlantic Basin enabling greater portfolio value enhancement
For personal use only
Q&A
Meg O’Neill
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
For personal use only
ANNEXURE
For personal use only
Louisiana 
LNG
Opportunity
Offtake and EPC
Partners
Execution
2024
Bechtel contract, 
95% costs fixed
2025
SPAs signed 
with Uniper
2024
 Acquisition