Paladin Energy beats Q4 production and finishes FY26 at top of guidance ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Uranium / Paladin Energy beats Q4 production and finishes FY26 at top of guidance Uranium URANIUM News | Uranium Paladin Energy beats Q4 production and finishes FY26 at top of guidance A second straight forecast-beating quarter and a completed ramp-up hand Paladin cautious optimism, but bearish brokers may need convincing. Joseph Lyons Financial Markets Writer --> Wed 22 July 2026, 12:12 AEST ∙ 2 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock Mentioned Uranium PDN $5B Paladin Energy Ltd KEY POINTS Paladin completed its Langer Heinrich ramp-up on schedule, with Q4 production comfortably ahead of estimates and full-year output finishing at the upper end of the guidance range. Costs and capex both came in below expectations through the quarter, though a softer average selling price took some shine off the operational performance. Shares edged higher, but brokers were bearish last quarter leaving the coming days to test whether this beat shifts sentiment. Paladin Energy ( PDN ) is on a roll, notching a second straight quarter of forecast-beating production as Q4 output topped the market and FY26 settled at the top end of guidance following the completed Langer Heinrich ramp-up. Paul Hemburrow, Managing Director and CEO, said: “We were very pleased to successfully complete the ramp-up of the Langer Heinrich Mine in line with our commitment to deliver this goal by the end of FY2026, while also meeting the upper-end of our revised production guidance.” Paladin shares are up 3.7% to $8.88 at noon. Beating guidance and expectations Paladin Energy reported Q4 uranium production ahead of market expectations, with FY26 output at the upper end of guidance following the completed Langer Heinrich ramp-up. Q4 numbers: Uranium produced of 1.23Mlb vs 1.19Mlb ests (3% beat) Uranium sold of 1.35Mlb vs 1.28Mlb ests (5% beat) Average selling price of US$70.6/lb vs US$76.0 ests (7% miss) Cost of production of $51.6/lb vs $53.8 ests (4% lower) Capex of $5.1m vs $9.5m ests Cash and investments of $265m vs $260.7m ests, plus an undrawn $70m revolving credit facility FY26 numbers : Production of 4.82Mlb topping guidance of 4.5-4.8Mlb Sales of 4.35Mlb above 3.8-4.2Mlb guidance Costs of $43.3/lb below the $44-48 guidance Capex of $12.1m below $15-17m guidance The company announced that its Patterson Lake South project advanced, with the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission deeming the Construction Licence application sufficient to proceed and hearings targeted for end of calendar 2027. Paladin also issued an FY27 production guidance of 5.1-5.6Mlb, which represents a year-on-year increase of 11% at the midpoint and 6% ahead of Macquarie's estimates (Apr-26) of 5.03Mlb. Optimism ahead? Posting positive results is surely no bad thing, but analysts stayed bearish despite the company beating production guidance at its March quarter report. On 20 April, Macquarie downgraded the stock to Neutral, though lifted its target from $13.50 to $13.55. The analysts said the stock had re-rated too far ahead of fundamentals, flagged FY27 production downside risks versus consensus, and saw better value elsewhere in uranium equities. Paladin and the broader uranium sector have traded sharply lower over the past couple of months, with a barometer like the Global X Uranium ETF down 30% since early May. But now Paladin has topped Q4 and full-year expectations, along with FY27 production guidance that's ahead of Macquarie forecasts. The stock is trading 40% below mid-April levels, so it'll be interesting to see how analyst views change against a much cheaper valuation and still-solid backdrop for uranium prices. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Joseph Lyons Financial Markets Writer Joseph studied journalism at the University of Winchester before beginning a career in financial journalism. He has covered activist investors and activist short sellers, reporting on corporate governance, shareholder campaigns, and developments across financial markets. Printed 02/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index