WDS completes sale to JERA of 15.1% in Scarborough Woodside Energy Group Ltd 31 October 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Thursday, 31 October 2024 WOODSIDE COMPLETES SALE TO JERA OF 15.1% IN SCARBOROUGH Woodside is pleased to announce the completion of the sale of a 15.1% non-operating participating interest in the Scarborough Joint Venture to JERA, Japan's largest power generation company. [1] The completion follows Woodside's announcement on 23 February 2024 that it had broadened its strategic relationship with JERA through a transaction that included: equity in the Scarborough Joint Venture; LNG offtake; and collaboration on potential opportunities in new energy and lower carbon services. [2] The sale proceeds of approximately US$1.4 billion received by Woodside for equity in the Scarborough Joint Venture comprise the purchase price and reimbursed expenditure. Woodside CEO Meg O'Neill warmly welcomed JERA to the Scarborough Joint Venture. "Participation in the Scarborough Joint Venture is a key part of our strong and highly valued strategic relationship with JERA. That relationship reflects our shared view that gas will play an important role in the global energy transition for decades to come. "This latest sale of equity in Scarborough again underlines the long-term value Japanese customers like JERA are placing on gas and the significance of LNG in Japan and the region's energy security. "In addition to supplying markets in north Asia the project will be an important source of gas for the domestic market in Western Australia. "The team is delivering the Scarborough Energy Project to plan and work is now almost three-quarters complete. We remain on track for targeted first LNG cargo in 2026." JERA's Senior Managing Executive Officer and Chief Low Carbon Fuel Officer, Mr Ryosuke Tsugaru, welcomed the collaboration with Woodside. "JERA and Woodside share a determination to responsibly navigate the energy transition, with LNG set to be an essential 'firming fuel' across the world for many years to come - particularly in developing regions," Mr Tsugaru said. "As population grows, so does the demand for energy and the first step in the energy transition for many countries is to make the move away from coal-fuelled power to LNG. "JERA is directly involved in decarbonisation efforts in the Asian region, including projects in various stages of development to switch power plants from coal to LNG." Woodside holds a 74.9% interest in the Scarborough Joint Venture and will remain as operator. As a result of completion of the sale, applying estimates effective as at 31 October 2024, Woodside's Scarborough field proved (1P) undeveloped reserves reduced by 194.3 MMboe to 964.0 MMboe (Woodside share). [3] Proved plus probable (2P) undeveloped reserves reduced by 303.6 MMboe to 1,506.1 MMboe (Woodside share). [4] Woodside's Scarborough field Best Estimate (2C) contingent resources reduced by 3.4 MMboe to 16.8 MMboe (Woodside share). [5] , [6] The attached notes on petroleum reserves and resource estimates form part of this announcement. About Scarborough The Scarborough Energy Project comprises the Scarborough Joint Venture, the Pluto Train 2 Joint Venture and modifications to Pluto Train 1 to process Scarborough gas. The Scarborough Joint Venture includes the Scarborough field and associated offshore and subsea infrastructure. The Scarborough field is located approximately 375 km off the coast of Karratha, Western Australia and the reservoir contains less than 0.1% carbon dioxide. Scarborough gas will be processed at the Pluto LNG facility, where Woodside is currently constructing Pluto Train 2. The Scarborough Energy Project was 73% complete at the end of 30 September 2024. [7] Woodside is operator of Pluto LNG and Pluto Train 2. About JERA Established in 2015, JERA is an equal joint venture of two major Japanese electric power companies, TEPCO Fuel & Power Incorporated and Chubu Electric Power Company, and produces about 30% of all electricity in Japan. JERA is an energy company with global reach that has strength in the entire energy supply chain, from participation in LNG upstream projects and fuel procurement, through fuel transportation to power generation. JERA, which stands for Japan's Energy for a New Era, will take on the challenge of achieving net zero CO 2 emissions from its domestic and overseas businesses by 2050 and is supporting an energy transition in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. For more details: https://www.jera.co.jp/english Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Christine Forster M: +61 484 112 469 E: christine.forster@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. Forward-looking statements This announcement contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside's business and operations, market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for example, but not limited to, statements regarding the transactions described in this announcement, long-term demand for Woodside's products, development, completion and execution of Woodside's projects, reserves and resource estimates, future results of projects, operating activities and new energy products, expectations and plans for renewables production capacity and investments in, and development of, renewables projects expectations and guidance with respect to production, capital expenditure, and expectations regarding the achievement of Woodside's climate and sustainability goals. All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as 'guidance', 'foresee', 'likely', 'potential', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'aim', 'aspire', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'may', 'target', 'plan', 'strategy', 'forecast', 'outlook', 'project', 'schedule', 'will', 'should', 'seek' and other similar words or expressions. Similarly, statements that describe the objectives, plans, goals or expectations of Woodside are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this announcement are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of future events or performance , but are in the nature of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are subject to change without notice and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Woodside, its related bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives. If any of the assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based were to change or be found to be incorrect, this would likely cause outcomes to differ from the statements made in this announcement. A detailed summary of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the "Risk" section of Woodside's most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and the London Stock Exchange and in Woodside's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review and have regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this announcement.