PDMR Notification - Tiver Woodside Energy Group Ltd 06 September 2024 WOODSIDE ENERGY GROUP LTD NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY OR PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED Woodside Energy Group Ltd announces the allocation to Graham Tiver of 32,307 ordinary shares upon the vesting of equity rights pursuant to the Supplementary Woodside Equity Plan on 4 September 2024 and the subsequent sale of ordinary shares to cover tax by Graham Tiver on 5 September 2023. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated a) Name Graham Tiver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification/Amendment This is an initial notification. 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Woodside Energy Group Ltd b) LEI 2549005ZC5RXAOO7FH41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Shares ISIN: AU0000224040 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of equity rights pursuant to the Supplementary Woodside Equity Plan. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) A$ NIL 32,307 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price(s) Volume(s) A$ NIL 32,307 e) Date of the transaction 2024-09-04 f) Place of the transaction XASX (Australian Stock Exchange) 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated a) Name Graham Tiver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification/Amendment This is an initial notification. 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Woodside Energy Group Ltd b) LEI 2549005ZC5RXAOO7FH41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Shares ISIN: AU0000224040 b) Nature of the transaction The on-market sale of 14,538 ordinary shares in order to meet expected tax obligations arising in connection with Supplementary Woodside Equity Plan vesting. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) A$25.00 14,538 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price(s) Volume(s) A$25.00 14,538 e) Date of the transaction 2024-09-05 f) Place of the transaction XASX (Australian Stock Exchange) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 25 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and