Appointment of Director to Woodside Board Woodside Energy Group Ltd 03 June 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Monday, 3 June 2024 APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR TO WOODSIDE BOARD The Woodside Board is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr Anthony (Tony) O'Neill as a nonexecutive Director, effective 3 June 2024. "We continually review our Board composition to ensure that Woodside's Board is best placed to support Woodside's global operations and strategic growth opportunities. Tony O'Neill has a distinguished reputation for his transformational work in the global mining industry and has worked extensively on climate, decarbonisation and sustainability initiatives. His experience in delivering outstanding operational performance along with his strategic thinking will be invaluable to Woodside. We are delighted to welcome Tony to the Woodside Board." Woodside Chair, Mr Richard Goyder said. Mr O'Neill's career started as an engineer in Australian nickel mines and he has worked in leadership and executive roles across many countries and commodities. He retired from Anglo American as Group Executive Director of Technical and Sustainability in December 2022 after a career which saw him oversee Anglo American's technology ventures including the world's first in-field deployment of hydrogen-powered mining trucks. Mr O'Neill has been involved in many mining industry leading sustainability initiatives, including Anglo American's FutureSmart Mining, the Waterless Mine, the Living Mine and 2040 Net Zero strategy. Mr O'Neill holds a Bachelor of Applied Science (Mining Technology) from Western Australia's Curtin University and holds an MBA from the University of Melbourne. Mr O'Neill is a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering and a Fellow of the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining. Mr O'Neill joins Woodside as an independent non-executive Director and member of the Audit & Risk, Sustainability and Nominations & Governance Committees. Mr O'Neill will stand for election as a nonexecutive Director at the Annual General Meeting in April 2025. Contacts: INVESTORS MEDIA Marcela Louzada Dan Pagoda M: +61 456 994 243 M: +61 482 675 731 E: investor@woodside.com E: dan.pagoda@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. Page 1 of 1 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Accsys Technologies 20 hours ago CMC Markets 20 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 22 hours ago GSK 22 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and