Final Dividend Announcement Woodside Energy Group Ltd 27 February 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Tuesday, 27 February 2024 FINAL DIVIDEND ANNOUNCEMENT As announced as part of its full year results published today, the Directors of Woodside Energy Group Ltd (" Woodside " or the " Company ") have determined a final dividend of US60 cents per share, bringing the full-year fully franked dividend to US140 cents per share. The dividend is expected to be paid on 4 April 2024 to shareholders on the register at 5.00pm AWST on 8 March 2024. Woodside dividends are determined and declared in US dollars. However, shareholders will receive their dividend in Australian dollars unless their registered address is in the United Kingdom (in which case they will receive their dividend in British pounds), in the United States of America (in which case they will receive their dividend in US dollars) or in New Zealand (in which case they will receive their dividend in NZ dollars). Shareholders who reside outside of the United States can elect to receive their dividend electronically in US dollars, payable into a US financial institution account. Shareholders who reside outside of the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia may elect to receive their dividend electronically in their local currency using Global Wire Payment Service from the Company's share registry, Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd. Shareholders should contact the Company's share registry if they wish to alter their dividend currency for future dividend payments. Contact details are available on Woodside's website on the Shareholder Information section of the Investors page. Shareholders must make an election to alter their dividend currency on or before 7.00pm ADST on the election date, being 11 March 2024. Currency conversion will be based on the foreign currency exchange rates prevailing on or around the dividend record date of 8 March 2024. Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Christine Forster M: +61 484 112 469 E: christine.forster@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 25 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and