Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
1
WESTPAC ECONOMICS  
WESTPAC-MI CONSUMER 
SENTIMENT BULLETIN
Latest insights on the Australian consumer
16 December 2025
Key points
• Westpac-Melbourne Institute 
Consumer Sentiment falls 9% to 
94.5.
• Consumer mortgage rate 
expectations turn around sharply.
• Views on economic outlook and 
family finances deteriorate.
• Consumers broadly unfazed over 
prospects for labour market.
• Homebuyer sentiment weakens and 
house price expectations pare back.
Consumer Sentiment Index
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
Dec-09 Dec-13 Dec-17 Dec-21 Dec-25
indexindex
Sources: Westpac Economics, Melbourne Institute  
Consumer Sentiment Index
“The Westpac–Melbourne Institute 
Consumer Sentiment Index fell 9% 
to 94.5 in December from 103.8 in 
November.”
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
2
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
to negative territory (recall that a reading above 100 means 
optimists outnumber pessimists), although both sub-indexes 
are still modestly above long-run average levels. 
This looks to have checked buyer sentiment. The ‘time to 
buy a major item’ sub-index declined 11.4% in December to 
98.9, back into slightly pessimistic territory after the bounce 
into outright optimism last month. This measure has been 
particularly sensitive to the erosion of purchasing power over 
recent years, having fallen to deeply pessimistic levels over 
2023 and 2024. The sub-index has staged a solid recovery 
over the past year, up 10.8%, although it is still below the 
long-run average of 123.5.
Official evidence on the domestic economy suggests that 
a genuine upswing is underway. The recovery has been 
underpinned by solid growth in household spending, and there 
are early signs that this is starting to spill over more broadly 
across the economy. 
In December, the ‘family finances vs a year ago’ sub-index 
fell 5% to 80.9. Cost-of-living pressures have eased notably 
over recent years, as evinced by the 32% recovery since its 
trough in September 2023. However, there is still clearly some 
concern over the outlook, with the ‘family finances, next 12 
months’ sub-index shedding 6.1% to 102.4, holding in slightly 
positive territory and modestly below the long-run average.
Overall, the sentiment mix and responses to questions on news 
recall suggests stronger results on inflation have sparked a 
renewed angst over the trajectory for interest rates, which is 
feeding more broadly into concerns over the economic outlook.
Indeed, the Westpac–Melbourne Institute Mortgage Rate 
Expectations Index, which tracks consumer expectations 
for variable mortgage rates over the next 12 months, has 
catapulted an extraordinary 65.4% over the past three 
months, including a 22.2% lift in December. This represents 
the sharpest about-face in mortgage rate expectations since 
we started running this question in the survey in 2010. This 
was driven by a combination of fewer people expecting 
interest rate cuts, and more anticipating interest rate rises over 
the coming year. 
BULLETIN
The Westpac–Melbourne Institute Consumer Sentiment 
Index fell 9% to 94.5 in December from 103.8 in November.
After a surprising bounce in November – which resulted in the 
first ‘net positive’ reading since reopening from the pandemic – 
confidence has fallen back to around the levels that prevailed 
just prior. The Index has jumped around in recent months, 
but it has finished the year broadly in ‘cautiously pessimistic’ 
territory. While this marks a clear improvement from the 
prolonged, deep pessimism that defined much of 2024, a 
sustained move into outright optimism remains elusive for the 
Australian consumer. 
This month’s survey included additional questions on news 
recall, which are run once a quarter. Responses in December 
highlight the main drivers of the move in sentiment.
Topic-wise, ‘inflation’ remains the dominant news item, more 
so than in September, although it still has a lower level of 
recall compared with earlier this year. However, the tone of 
this coverage has shifted from somewhat mixed to decisively 
negative, with 78% viewing it as unfavourable. Since the last 
news recall update, consumers have confronted an upside 
surprise on Q3 inflation figures and another strong read from 
the debut of the full monthly CPI for October. These were also 
associated with a more negative tone on the news surrounding 
‘interest rates’, 64% assessing it as unfavourable compared to 
44% and 46% in September and June respectively. 
News on other high-recall domestic topics – ‘economic 
conditions’ and ‘employment’ – were both viewed more 
negatively in December versus three months ago. Meanwhile, 
news on ‘international conditions’ has become much less 
prominent with recall falling to its lowest level this year. Tonally, 
news on this topic is at its ‘least unfavourable’ since June 2024, 
with the de-escalation of trade tensions between our major 
trading partners over recent months playing a key role.
The domestic themes were prominent in the component detail 
this month. Recall that the Consumer Sentiment Index is a 
composite measure based on five sub-indexes: two tracking 
assessments of family finances, two tracking expectations for 
the economy and one on whether consumers see now as a 
good time to buy a major household item. 
Expectations for the economy deteriorated in December, 
giving back most of November’s surge. The ‘economic outlook, 
next 12 months’ sub-index dropped 9.7% to 94.6, while the 
‘economic outlook, next 5 years’ sub-index dropped 11.7% 
to 95.7. These moves have taken expectations from positive 
Consumer sentiment back to ‘cautiously pessimistic’
“... but incomes have taken a hit 
from inflation and bracket creep, 
slowing the recovery in finances.”
Ryan Wells
Economist, Westpac Group
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
3
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
BULLETIN
Despite the significant lift in mortgage rate expectations in the 
month, responses over the course of the survey week showed 
little difference between those surveyed before and after the 
RBA decision’s to remain on hold in December. This suggests 
that the Bank’s decision and subsequent communications did not 
come as a significant surprise to consumers, with expectations 
having already been baked in prior to the announcement.
The detailed responses show that, amongst those with a view, 
around 86% expect mortgage rates to be the same or higher 
in a year’s time, with the jump over the past month being 
largest for mortgage-holders. This mirrors the move in overall 
sentiment, which for households with a mortgage has fallen 
to a twelve month low, whereas for non-mortgage holders, 
November’s lift in sentiment is now reversing.
Although confidence was a bit shakier, consumers were broadly 
unfazed about prospects for the labour market. The Westpac–
Melbourne Institute Unemployment Expectations Index 
declined 9.1% to 126.8 in December (recall that higher index 
reads mean more consumers expect unemployment to rise over 
the year ahead). That brings the index slightly below its long-
run average, consistent with a broadly stable labour market.
Homebuyer sentiment fell in December, consistent with 
consumers’ more hawkish outlook for interest rates. The ‘time to 
buy a dwelling’ index slipped 10.6% to 86.2. State breakdowns 
show homebuyer sentiment has slipped back into slightly 
negative levels in New South Wales (94) but is meaningfully 
weaker in Victoria (80), Queensland (76) and South Australia 
(83), while Western Australia remains exceptionally volatile.
House price expectations pared back off the recent cycle high as 
a result. The Westpac–Melbourne Institute Index of House Price 
Expectations dipped 1.5% in December to 169.9. Still, close to 
80% of consumers expect prices to rise over the next twelve 
months. Performances are distinct across the states, though, as 
Queensland (181) and Western Australia (175) strengthened 
while New South Wales (172) and Victoria (159) weakened.
Australians have become more risk averse about their 
finances. Responses to our quarterly question on the ‘wisest 
place for savings’ show ‘safe options’ are still heavily favoured, 
22% nominating ‘pay down debt’ and 34% nominating 
‘bank deposits’, the latter being up from 26% in September. 
Amongst the ‘riskier’ options, consumers were less inclined 
towards ‘shares’ (9.3%) than ‘real estate’ (10.7%). 
The Reserve Bank Monetary Policy Board (MPB) next meets 
on February 2–3. Inflation has lifted recently but there are 
few signs that either tight labour markets or strong consumer 
demand are the main driver; rather, it is those administered 
prices out of the purview of monetary policy that have 
disproportionately stoked inflation of late. As these and 
other temporary factors wash out, inflation should resume its 
trajectory toward the mid-point of the target range. If inflation 
dynamics take longer to normalise, the risk is that the cash rate 
could remain on hold for longer than our current base case; 
indeed, in the post-meeting press conference the Governor put 
the possibility of rate hikes on the table. With the labour market 
still gradually easing at the same time that private sector 
demand is finally picking up, though, the RBA must navigate 
considerable data uncertainty and avoid reacting to data noise.
 
Consumer Sentiment – December 2025
avg* Dec 2023 Dec 2024 Nov 2025 Dec 2025 %mth %yr
Consumer Sentiment Index 100.4 82.1 92.8 103.8 94.5 -9.0 1.9
Family finances vs a year ago 88.0 68.2 84.2 85.2 80.9 -5.0 -4.0
Family finances next 12mths 106.6 90.4 103.2 109.1 102.4 -6.1 -0.8
Economic conditions next 12mths 90.7 78.7 91.2 104.8 94.6 -9.7 3.8
Economic conditions next 5yrs 92.1 94.9 95.9 108.4 95.7 -11.7 -0.3
Time to buy a major household item 123.5 78.2 89.2 111.6 98.9 -11.4 10.8
Time to buy a dwelling 119.6 74.3 81.6 96.4 86.2 -10.6 5.6
Unemployment Expectations Index 129.2 128.9 123.7 139.5 126.8 -9.1 2.5
House Price Expectations Index 128.5 157.3 142.0 172.4 169.9 -1.5 19.6
Interest Rate Expectations Index 140.1 159.3 105.8 119.1 145.5 22.2 37.6
Source: Westpac–Melbourne Institute.
*avg over full history of the survey, all indexes except ‘time to buy a dwelling’, ‘unemployment expectations’ and ‘house price expectations’ are seasonally adjusted
The survey is conducted by OZINFO & DYNATA. Respondents are selected at random. This latest survey is based on 1200 adults aged 18 years and over, across Australia. It was conducted in the 
week from 8 December to 12 December.   The data have been weighted to reflect Australia’s population distribution. Copyright at all times remains with the Melbourne Institute of Applied Economic 
and Social Research.
westpaciq.com.au
Corporate Directory
Westpac Economics / Australia
Sydney 
Level 19, 275 Kent Street  
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia
E: economics@westpac.com.au
Luci Ellis  
Chief Economist Westpac Group
E: luci.ellis@westpac.com.au
Matthew Hassan  
Head of Australian Macro-Forecasting  
E: mhassan@westpac.com.au
Elliot Clarke  
Head of International Economics  
E: eclarke@westpac.com.au
Sian Fenner 
Head of Business and Industry Economics  
E: sian.fenner@westpac.com.au
Justin Smirk
Senior Economist  
E: jsmirk@westpac.com.au
Pat Bustamante  
Senior Economist  
E: pat.bustamante@westpac.com.au
Mantas Vanagas 
Senior Economist  
E: mantas.vanagas@westpac.com.au
Ryan Wells
Economist  
E: ryan.wells@westpac.com.au
Illiana Jain
Economist  
E: illiana.jain@westpac.com.au
Neha Sharma  
Economist 
E: neha.sharma1@westpac.com.au
Westpac Economics / New Zealand
Auckland 
Takutai on the Square 
Level 8, 16 Takutai Square 
Auckland, New Zealand
E: economics@westpac.co.nz
Kelly Eckhold 
Chief Economist NZ
E: kelly.eckhold@westpac.co.nz
Michael Gordon 
Senior Economist
E: michael.gordon@westpac.co.nz
Darren Gibbs 
Senior Economist
E: darren.gibbs@westpac.co.nz
Satish Ranchhod  
Senior Economist
E: satish.ranchhod@westpac.co.nz
Paul Clark 
Industry Economist
E: paul.clarke@westpac.co.nz
Westpac Economics / Fiji
Suva 
1 Thomson Street  
Suva, Fiji
Shamal Chand
Senior Economist  
E: shamal.chand@westpac.com.au
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
5
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
DISCLAIMER
©2025 Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141 (including 
where acting under any of its Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne 
or BankSA brands, collectively, “Westpac”). References to the “Westpac 
Group” are to Westpac and its subsidiaries and includes the directors, 
employees and representatives of Westpac and its subsidiaries. 
Things you should know 
We respect your privacy: You can view the New Zealand Privacy 
Policy here , or the Australian Group Privacy Statement here.  
Each time someone visits our site, data is captured so that we can 
accurately evaluate the quality of our content and make improvements 
for you. We may at times use technology to capture data about you to 
help us to better understand you and your needs, including potentially 
for the purposes of assessing your individual reading habits and 
interests to allow us to provide suggestions regarding other reading 
material which may be suitable for you.
This information, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under 
copyright of the Westpac Group. None of the material, nor its 
contents, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, transmitted 
to, copied of distributed to any other party without the prior written 
permission of the Westpac Group. 
Disclaimer 
This information has been prepared by Westpac and is intended 
for information purposes only. It is not intended to reflect any 
recommendation or financial advice and investment decisions should 
not be based on it. This information does not constitute an offer, a 
solicitation of an offer, or an inducement to subscribe for, purchase or 
sell any financial instrument or to enter into a legally binding contract. 
To the extent that this information contains any general advice, it has 
been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial 
situation or needs and before acting on it you should consider the 
appropriateness of the advice. Certain types of transactions, including 
those involving futures, options and high yield securities give rise to 
substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. We recommend 
that you seek your own independent legal or financial advice before 
proceeding with any investment decision. 
This information may contain material provided by third parties. 
While such material is published with the necessary permission none 
of Westpac or its related entities accepts any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of any such material. Although we have 
made every effort to ensure this information is free from error, none 
of Westpac or its related entities warrants the accuracy, adequacy 
or completeness of this information, or otherwise endorses it in 
any way. Except where contrary to law, Westpac Group intend by 
this notice to exclude liability for this information. This information 
is subject to change without notice and none of Westpac or its 
related entities is under any obligation to update this information or 
correct any inaccuracy which may become apparent at a later date. 
This information may contain or incorporate by reference forward 
looking statements. The words “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, 
“intend”, “plan”, “predict”, “continue”, “assume”, “positioned”, “may”, 
“will”, “should”, “shall”, “risk” and other similar expressions that are 
predictions of or indicate future events and future trends identify 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
include all matters that are not historical facts. Past performance is 
not a reliable indicator of future performance, nor are forecasts of 
future performance. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that 
the assumptions on which any forecasts are based are reasonable, the 
forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or 
unknown risks and uncertainties. The ultimate outcomes may differ 
substantially from any forecasts. 
Conflicts of Interest: In the normal course of offering banking 
products and services to its clients, the Westpac Group may act 
in several capacities (including issuer, market maker, underwriter, 
distributor, swap counterparty and calculation agent) simultaneously 
with respect to a financial instrument, giving rise to potential 
conflicts of interest which may impact the performance of a financial 
instrument. The Westpac Group may at any time transact or hold a 
position (including hedging and trading positions) for its own account 
or the account of a client in any financial instrument which may impact 
the performance of that financial instrument. 
Author(s) disclaimer and declaration:  The author(s) confirms that 
(a) no part of his/her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to any views or (if applicable) recommendations 
expressed in this material; (b) this material accurately reflects his/her 
personal views about the financial products, companies or issuers (if 
applicable) and is based on sources reasonably believed to be reliable 
and accurate; (c) to the best of the author’s knowledge, they are not in 
receipt of inside information and this material does not contain inside 
information; and (d) no other part of the Westpac Group has made any 
attempt to influence this material. 
Further important information regarding sustainability related 
content: This material may contain statements relating to 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics. These are subject 
to known and unknown risks, and there are significant uncertainties, 
limitations, risks and assumptions in the metrics, modelling, data, 
scenarios, reporting and analysis on which the statements rely. In 
particular, these areas are rapidly evolving and maturing, and there 
are variations in approaches and common standards and practice, as 
well as uncertainty around future related policy and legislation. Some 
material may include information derived from publicly available 
sources that have not been independently verified. No representation 
or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability 
of the information. There is a risk that the analysis, estimates, 
judgements, assumptions, views, models, scenarios or projections 
used may turn out to be incorrect. These risks may cause actual 
outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied. The 
ESG-related statements in this material do not constitute advice, 
nor are they guarantees or predictions of future performance, and 
Westpac gives no representation, warranty or assurance (including 
as to the quality, accuracy or completeness of the statements). You 
should seek your own independent advice. 
Additional country disclosures: 
Australia: Westpac holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (No. 
233714). You can access Westpac’s Financial Services Guide here or 
request a copy from your Westpac point of contact. To the extent that this 
information contains any general advice, it has been prepared without 
taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs and before 
acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the advice. 
New Zealand: In New Zealand, Westpac Institutional Bank refers to 
the brand under which products and services are provided by either 
Westpac (NZ division) or Westpac New Zealand Limited (company 
number 1763882), the New Zealand incorporated subsidiary of 
Westpac (“WNZL”). Any product or service made available by WNZL 
does not represent an offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries 
(other than WNZL). Neither Westpac nor its other subsidiaries 
guarantee or otherwise support the performance of WNZL in respect 
of any such product. WNZL is not an authorised deposit-taking 
institution for the purposes of Australian prudential standards. The 
current disclosure statements for the New Zealand branch of Westpac 
and WNZL can be obtained at www.westpac.co.nz .
Singapore: This material has been prepared and issued for 
distribution in Singapore to institutional investors, accredited 
investors and expert investors (as defined in the applicable Singapore 
laws and regulations) only. Recipients of this material in Singapore 
should contact Westpac Singapore Branch in respect of any 
matters arising from, or in connection with, this material. Westpac 
Singapore Branch holds a wholesale banking licence and is subject to 
supervision by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Disclaimer continues overleaf
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
6
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
DISCLAIMER
Fiji: Unless otherwise specified, the products and services for 
Westpac Fiji are available from www.westpac.com.fj  © Westpac 
Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This information does not 
take your personal circumstances into account and before acting on it 
you should consider the appropriateness of the information for your 
financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 
141 is incorporated in NSW Australia and registered as a branch in 
Fiji. The liability of its members is limited. 
Papua New Guinea: Unless otherwise specified, the products and 
services for Westpac PNG are available from www.westpac.com.
pg © Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This 
information does not take your personal circumstances into account 
and before acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the 
information for your financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation 
ABN 33 007 457 141 is incorporated in NSW Australia. Westpac is 
represented in Papua New Guinea by Westpac Bank - PNG - Limited. 
The liability of its members is limited. 
U.S: Westpac operates in the United States of America as a federally 
licensed branch, regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency. Westpac is also registered with the US Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (“CFTC”) as a Swap Dealer, but is neither 
registered as, or affiliated with, a Futures Commission Merchant 
registered with the US CFTC. The services and products referenced 
above are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(“FDIC”). Westpac Capital Markets, LLC (‘WCM’), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Westpac, is a broker-dealer registered under the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (‘the Exchange Act’) and member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (‘FINRA’). In accordance 
with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association with Related 
Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WCM other than as provided 
for in certain legal agreements between Westpac and WCM and 
obligations of WCM do not represent liabilities of Westpac. 
This communication is provided for distribution to U.S. institutional 
investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Rule 15a-6 under the Exchange Act and is not subject to all of the 
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research 
reports prepared for retail investors in the United States. WCM is the 
U.S. distributor of this communication and accepts responsibility for 
the contents of this communication. Transactions by U.S. customers of 
any securities referenced herein should be effected through WCM. All 
disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WCM. If 
you would like to speak to someone regarding any security mentioned 
herein, please contact WCM on +1 212 389 1269. Investing in any 
non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments mentioned in this 
communication may present certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. 
issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to the regulations 
of, the SEC in the United States. Information on such non-U.S. 
securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Non-U.S. 
companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards and 
regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect in the United 
States. The value of any investment or income from any securities 
or related derivative instruments denominated in a currency other 
than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may 
have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such 
securities or related derivative instruments. 
The author of this communication is employed by Westpac and is not 
registered or qualified as a research analyst, representative, or associated 
person of WCM or any other U.S. broker-dealer under the rules of 
FINRA, any other U.S. self-regulatory organisation, or the laws, rules or 
regulations of any State. Unless otherwise specifically stated, the views 
expressed herein are solely those of the author and may differ from the 
information, views or analysis expressed by Westpac and/or its affiliates. 
UK: The London branch of Westpac is authorised in the United 
Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and is subject 
to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and limited 
regulation by the PRA (Financial Services Register number: 124586).  
The London branch of Westpac is registered at Companies House as 
a branch established in the United Kingdom (Branch No. BR000106). 
Details about the extent of the regulation of Westpac’s London 
branch by the PRA are available from us on request. 
This communication is not being made to or distributed to, and must 
not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. Rather, 
this communication is being made only to and is directed at (a) those 
persons falling within the definition of Investment Professionals 
(set out in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)); (b) those 
persons falling within the definition of high net worth companies, 
unincorporated associations etc. (set out in Article 49(2)of the 
Order; (c) other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated 
in accordance with the Order or (d) any persons to whom it may 
otherwise lawf