Statement re intention to delist from the LSE Woodside Energy Group Ltd 16 October 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Wednesday, 16 October 2024 WOODSIDE TO DELIST FROM THE LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE Woodside has reviewed its current listing structure and decided to delist from the London Stock Exchange (LSE). Woodside shares represented by depositary interests account for approximately 1% of Woodside's issued share capital. Trading volumes of Woodside shares on the LSE are low and delisting from the LSE will reduce Woodside's administration costs. Woodside has applied to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the LSE to cancel the admission of Woodside shares to listing in the International Commercial Companies Secondary Listing category of the Official List of the FCA and trading under the ticker "WDS" on the Main Market for listed securities of the LSE. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 21.2.17, Woodside is required to give at least 20 business days' notice of the intended cancellation of the listing of its shares. It is expected that the admission of Woodside's shares to the International Commercial Companies Secondary Listing category of the Official List and to trading on the LSE's Main Market for listed securities will be cancelled with effect from 08:00 (GMT) on 20 November 2024. The last day of trading of Woodside shares on the LSE will be 19 November 2024. Woodside's primary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and its American Depositary Receipts (ADR) program on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) will not be affected by the delisting of Woodside shares from the LSE. Further information Information on the delisting and termination of depositary arrangements and the options available to depositary interest holders, including how to sell their depositary interests, will be sent to depositary interest holders from Computershare. For further information on the transfer of LSE depositary interest holdings to ASX shares or for queries related to sale options, please contact: Computershare Investor Services PLC Telephone: + 44 (0)370 703 6075 Email: WebCorres@computershare.co.uk Depositary interest holders who receive Woodside shares upon termination of Woodside's depositary interest arrangements and who wish to hold ADRs listed on the NYSE should contact Citibank N.A., the depositary for Woodside's ADR program, following receipt of their ASX-listed Woodside shares: Citibank Shareholder Services Telephone: +1 781 575 4555 Email: citibank@shareholders-online.com For further information refer to www.woodside.com/investors/lse-delisting. Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Christine Forster M: +61 484 112 469 E: christine.forster@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 42 minutes ago British American Tobacco 44 minutes ago Staffline Group 47 minutes ago Bunzl 47 minutes ago British American Tobacco 1 hour ago Howden Joinery Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and