Page 1 of 4 
 
Announcement 
 
Tuesday, 24 February 2026  
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
WOODSIDE RELEASES FULL-YEAR 2025 RESULTS 
Woodside today reported record production of 198.8 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMboe), or  
545 Mboe/day, for the full year 2025. The result was underpinned by outstanding production performance at 
Sangomar, producing at nameplate capacity for most of the year, and world-class reliability at our operated 
Pluto LNG and NWS Project assets. 
 
Record production offset lower realised prices resulting in net profit after tax (NPAT) of $2,718 million (24% 
lower from 2024) and underlying NPAT of $2,649 million (8% lower from 2024).1 
 
The Directors have determined a final dividend of US 59 cents per share (cps), which brings the full-year 
fully franked dividend to US 112 cps and maintains payout ratio at the top of the range at 80%. The value of 
the full-year dividend is $2.1 billion. 
 
Woodside Acting CEO Liz Westcott said the record annual production in 2025 exceeded the guidance range 
and unit production cost decreased 4% from 2024 to $7.8 per barrel of oil equivalent, demonstrating cost 
discipline.  
“The outstanding full-year results reflected the disciplined execution of Woodside’s strategy, while 
maintaining safe, reliable and sustainable operations. Our strong underlying NPAT of $2.6 billion and free 
cashflow1 of $1.9 billion is a testament to the performance of the base business during a period of increased 
capital expenditure and softening prices.  
“The strength of our base business has delivered returns for shareholders, with Woodside having returned 
approximately $11 billion in dividends since merger completion in 2022. At the same time, we are re-
investing in the business and actively refining the portfolio, while maintaining a strong balance sheet and 
gearing within the targeted range.  
“Keeping our people safe is always Woodside’s priority and in a year of increased activity, no high-
consequence injuries were recorded. We marked significant safety milestones across our global portfolio, 
with Sangomar recording no injuries in its first 18 months of operations, and the Scar borough floating 
production unit marking three years of work without a single lost-time incident.  
“We are delivering on our commitments by leveraging our proven operational excellence, demonstrated 
project execution and delivery and continued financial discipline to reward shareholders today, while 
positioning Woodside for future value and growth.  
“Sangomar produced at nameplate capacity of 100,000 barrels per day for most of 2025 at almost 99% 
reliability. This translated into $2.6 billion of EBITDA (Woodside share) generated since start-up, 
demonstrating the asset’s value.1,2  
 
1 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of the attached presentation for the definition. 
2 Consists of Sangomar FY2024 EBITDA of $849 million and FY2025 EBITDA of $1,702 million. 
 
For personal use only
Page 2 of 4 
 
“A high point of 2025 was the final investment decision taken in April on the $17.5 billion three-train,  
16.5 million tonne per annum foundation Louisiana LNG project, which was 22% complete at year -end and 
on target for first LNG in 2029. 
“Louisiana LNG’s value proposition was reinforced during the year by the entry of two high-quality partners, 
with Stonepeak taking a 40% stake in Louisiana LNG Infrastructure LLC and Williams acquiring 10% of 
Louisiana LNG LLC and 80% of Driftwood Pipeline LLC. These transactions together reduced Woodside’s 
share of capital expenditure for Louisiana LNG to $9.9 billion, with Stonepeak contributing 75% of capital 
expenditure in 2025 and 2026. Discussions are ongoing for the potential sale of up to a further 20% of 
Louisiana LNG LLC. 
“During the year, Woodside’s other major cash-generative growth projects progressed to budget and 
schedule, highlighted by the progress at the Scarborough Energy Project. Scarborough was 94% complete 
at year-end with the floating production unit arriving on location in Australia in January 2026.  Scarborough is 
on track for first LNG cargo in the fourth quarter of 2026. 
“Once operational, Scarborough gas and output from Louisiana LNG will help meet long-term energy 
demand, as evidenced by the six sales agreements for portfolio supply that Woodside signed in 2025 with 
buyers in Asia and Europe. These agreements demonstrate the ongoing role of LNG in balancing our 
customers’ energy security and decarbonisation needs. 
“Trion remains on target for first oil in 2028, with the project 50% complete at year end. In 2025 we advanced 
construction of both the floating production unit and floating storage and offloading unit, with major subsea 
work set to start this year. 
“In December 2025 we achieved first production at Beaumont New Ammonia, and we have secured offtake 
agreements at prevailing market prices for traditional ammonia. We expect full handover of the project by 
OCI in the first half of 2026, with production of lower-carbon ammonia targeted for the second half of this 
year.3
As detailed in the Annual Report released today, we have achieved our 2025 net equity Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions reduction target of 15% below the starting base. This was achieved through a 
combination of underlying emissions performance at our facilities and the use of carbon credits. Importantly, 
our gross equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions were fewer than 2024, despite higher oil and gas 
production.    
“Woodside’s objectives for 2026 are clear: ramp up Beaumont; deliver first LNG cargo from Scarborough; 
and continue progressing Louisiana LNG and Trion to schedule and budget. We will remain focused on 
creating long-term value through disciplined capital allocation, maintaining strong liquidity and actively 
managing the portfolio.” 
  
 
3 Production of lower-carbon ammonia is conditional on supply of carbon abated hydrogen and ExxonMobil’s CCS facility becoming 
operational. 
 
For personal use only
Page 3 of 4 
 
Financial headlines 
 
Metric Units FY25 FY24 Change 
Operating revenue $ million 12,984 13,179 (1%) 
EBITDA4 $ million 9,277 9,276 - 
NPAT $ million 2,718 3,573 (24%) 
Underlying NPAT4 $ million 2,649 2,880 (8%) 
Operating cashflow $ million 7,192 5,847 23% 
Free cash flow4,5 $ million 1,889 (293) 745% 
Sales volume7 MMboe 
Mboe/d 
212.2 
581 
204.0 
557 
4% 
4% 
Averaged realised price7 $/boe 60.2 63.4 (5%) 
Fully franked final dividend US cps 59 53 11% 
Full-year fully franked dividends US cps 112 122 (8%) 
 
Business highlights 
 
Strategic achievements 
• Took a positive FID on Louisiana LNG with a lump-sum turn-key Bechtel EPC contract 
• Added Stonepeak and Williams as strategic partners for Louisiana LNG, with Woodside’s expected total 
capital expenditure now $9.9 billion (< 60% of total capital expenditure)8 
• Refined our portfolio through the Greater Angostura divestment and progressing Chevron asset swap9 
• Commenced first production at Beaumont New Ammonia 
• Continued strong interest from debt capital markets with $3.5 billion US bond issuance oversubscribed 
 
Operations and projects 
• Record production of 198.8 MMboe, reflecting a high-quality asset base6 
• Achieved world-class reliability of 98.4% at KGP, 96.3% at Pluto LNG and 98.7% at Sangomar, 
supporting consistent revenue delivery and cost efficiency 
• Reduced unit production costs to $7.8/boe reflecting cost discipline  
• Improved safety outcomes with zero high consequence injuries recorded across our global operations 
• Delivered extended plateau production at Sangomar and $1.9 billion of revenue for Woodside in 2025 
• Completed successful tiebacks to existing NWS, Bass Strait, Pluto and Mad Dog facilities, capturing 
incremental volumes at lower capital intensity 
• Continued project execution of Scarborough and Trion, which were 94% and 50% complete respectively 
by the end of 2025, supporting future production and long‑term revenue generation 
• Achieved our 2025 target of a 15% reduction in net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas  emissions 
below the starting base, and are on track to meet our equivalent 2030 target 10,11,12 
  
 
4 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of the attached presentation for the definition. 
5 The calculation has been updated to adjust for contributions from/(to) NCI and lease repayments. The 2024 comparative has been 
restated to be presented on the same basis. 
6 Includes 1.2 MMboe primarily from feed gas purchased from Pluto non-operating participants processed through the Pluto-KGP  
Interconnector. 
7 Excludes the impact of periodic adjustments reflecting the arrangements governing Wheatstone LNG sales. The 2024 comparative has 
been restated to be presented on the same basis. 
8 Woodside’s total capital expenditure for the Louisiana LNG Project is expected to be $9.9 billion against total project cost announced 
at FID of $17.5 billion. 
9 Completion of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent and remains targeted for completion in H2 2026. 
10 This means net equity Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the 12-month period ending 31 December 2025 are targeted to be 15% lower 
than the starting base and that net equity Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the 12-month period ending 31 December 2030 are targeted to 
be 30% lower than the starting base. 
11 Net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets and aspiration are relative to a starting base of 6.27 Mt 
CO2-e which is representative of the gross annual average equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions over 2016-2020 and which may be 
adjusted (up or down) for potential equity changes in producing or sanctioned assets with a final investment decision prior to 2021. Net 
equity emissions include the utilisation of carbon credits as offsets, inclusive of those required to meet regulatory obligations. 
12 In relation to our 2025 equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, 1,283 kt CO2‑e carbon credits were retired in order to meet our target of 
5,334 kt CO2‑e net equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. This includes retirement of carbon credits subsequent to the period, after full 
year 2025 gross equity Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions were calculated and externally assured. 
 
For personal use only
Page 4 of 4 
 
Full-year results teleconference 
 
A teleconference providing an overview of the full year 2025 results and a question and answer session will 
be hosted by Woodside Acting CEO, Liz Westcott, and Chief Financial Officer, Graham Tiver, on Tuesday, 24 
February 2026 at 10:00 AEDT / 07:00 AWST / 17:00 CST (Monday, 23 February 2026). 
 
We recommend participants pre-register 5 to 10 minutes prior to the event with one of the following links: 
 
• https://webcast.openbriefing.com/wds-fyr-2025/ to view the presentation and listen to a live stream of 
the Q&A session 
 
• https://s1.c-conf.com/diamondpass/10052032-hy76t5.html to participate in the Q&A session. 
Following pre-registration, participants will receive the teleconference details and a unique access 
passcode. 
 
The full-year results presentation follows this announcement and will be referred to during the 
teleconference. The presentation, Annual Report 2025, 2025 Climate and Sustainability Summary and 
teleconference transcript will also be available on the Woodside website (www.woodside.com).  
 
Filings 
Woodside is filing its annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2025 Form 20-F), 
which included Woodside’s audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, with the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on 24 February 2026. The 2025 Form 20-F can be 
downloaded through accessing Woodside’s website at www.woodside.com or from the SEC's website 
at www.sec.gov. Shareholders may also request a hard copy of the 2025 Form 20-F free of charge at 
www.woodside.com. 
 
Annual General Meeting 
Woodside's Annual General Meeting will be held at 10:00am (AWST) on Thursday, 23 April 2026 in Perth, 
Western Australia and online. 
 
   
INVESTORS 
Vanessa Martin 
M: +61 477 397 961 
E: investor@woodside.com  
MEDIA 
Christine Abbott 
M: +61 484 112 469  
E: christine.forster@woodside.com  
 
This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
 
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing
24 February 2026
www.woodside.com 
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing2
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Disclaimer, important notes and assumptions
Information
• This presentation has been prepared by Woodside Energy Group Ltd (“Woodside”).
• All information included in this presentation, including any forward-looking statements, reflects Woodside’s views held 
as at the date of this presentation and, except as required by applicable law, neither Woodside, its related bodies 
corporate, nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives (“Beneficiaries”) intends 
to, undertakes to, or assumes any obligation to, provide any additional information or update or revise any information 
or forward-looking statements in this presentation after the date of this presentation, either to make them conform to 
actual results or as a result of new information, future events, changes in Woodside’s expectations or otherwise. Past 
performance (including historical financial and operational information) is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future 
performance.
• This presentation may contain industry, market and competitive position data that is based on industry publications and 
studies conducted by third parties as well as Woodside’s internal estimates and research. While Woodside believes that 
each of these publications and third-party studies is reliable and has been prepared by a reputable source, Woodside 
has not independently verified the market and industry data obtained from these third-party sources and cannot 
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such data. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on any of the 
industry, market and competitive position data contained in this presentation. 
• To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Woodside, its related bodies corporate, nor any of their respective 
Beneficiaries, assume any liability (including liability for equitable, statutory or other damages) in connection with, any 
responsibility for, or make any representation or warranty (express or implied) as to, the fairness, currency, accuracy, 
adequacy, reliability or completeness of the information or any opinions expressed in this presentation or the 
reasonableness of any underlying assumptions. 
No offer or advice
• This presentation is not intended to and does not constitute, form part of, or contain an offer or invitation to sell to 
Woodside shareholders (or any other person), or a solicitation of an offer from Woodside shareholders (or any other 
person) or a solicitation of any vote or approval from Woodside shareholders (or any other person) in any jurisdiction. 
• This presentation has been prepared without reference to the investment objectives, financial and taxation situation or 
particular needs of any Woodside shareholder or any other person. The information contained in this presentation does 
not constitute, and should not be taken as, financial product or investment advice. Woodside encourages you to seek 
independent legal, financial, taxation and other professional advice before making any investment decision. 
Forward-looking statements
• This presentation contains forward-looking statements. These statements may relate to Woodside’s business, goals, 
targets, aspirations, plans, expectations, market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for 
example, but not limited to, outcomes of transactions, statements regarding long-term demand for Woodside’s 
products and services, development, completion and execution of Woodside’s projects, expectations regarding future 
capital expenditures and cash flow, the payment of future dividends and the amount thereof, future results of projects, 
operating activities and new energy products, expectations and plans for new energy products and lower-carbon 
services and investments in, and development of, new energy products and lower-carbon services, expectations and 
guidance with respect to production, capital and exploration expenditure and gas hub exposure, and expectations 
regarding the achievement of Woodside’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction and Scope 3 investment 
and emissions abatement targets (in each case on a net equity or gross equity basis as specified) and other  and 
sustainability goals. All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts, are forward-looking statements 
and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘aspire’, ‘believe’, 
‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘forecast’, ‘foresee’, ‘guidance’, ‘intend’, ‘likely’, ‘may’, ‘objective’, ‘outlook’, ‘pathway’, ‘plan’, 
‘potential’, ‘project’, ‘schedule’, ‘seek’, ‘should’, ‘strategy’, ‘strive’, ‘target’, ‘will’’ and other similar words or expressions. 
Forward-looking statements in this presentation are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of future events 
or performance, but are in the nature of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and 
contingencies. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are subject to change without notice 
and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are 
beyond the control of Woodside, its related bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers 
or representatives. 
• Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and 
assumptions on which they are based include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in commodity prices, actual demand 
for Woodside’s products, currency fluctuations, geotechnical factors, drilling and production results, gas 
commercialisation, development progress, operating results, engineering estimates, reserve and resource estimates, loss 
of market, industry competition, sustainability and environmental risks,  related transition and physical risks, changes in 
accounting standards, political risks, the actions of third parties, project delay or advancement, regulatory approvals, the 
impact of armed conflict and political instability (such as the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and in the Middle East) on 
economic activity and oil and gas supply and demand, cost estimates, legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments, 
including but not limited to those related to the imposition of tariffs and other trade restrictions, the effect of future 
regulatory or legislative actions on Woodside or the industries in which it operates, including potential changes to tax 
laws, the impact of general economic and financial market conditions, inflationary conditions, prevailing exchange rates 
and interest rates and conditions in financial markets, and risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, 
including difficulties integrating or separating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, restructuring, 
increased costs and adverse tax consequences, and uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested 
properties and businesses.
• A detailed summary of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the “Risk” section of 
Woodside’s most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and in Woodside’s most recent 
Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available on the 
Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review and have 
regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this presentation.
• If any of the assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based were to change or be found to be incorrect, 
this would likely cause outcomes to differ from the statements made in this presentation. Investors are strongly 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Actual results or performance may vary 
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements. 
• All forward-looking statements contained in this presentation reflect Woodside’s views held as at the date of this 
presentation and, except as required by applicable law, Woodside does not intend to, undertake to, or assume any 
obligation to, provide any additional information or update or revise any of these statements after the date of this 
presentation, either to make them conform to actual results or as a result of new information, future events, changes in 
Woodside’s expectations or otherwise.
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing3
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Disclaimer, important notes and assumptions (continued)
Disclosure of reserve information and cautionary note to US investors
• Woodside is an Australian company with securities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and the New York Stock 
Exchange. Woodside reports its Proved (1P) Reserves in accordance with SEC regulations, which are also compliant with 
SPE-PRMS guidelines, and prepares and reports its Proved plus Probable (2P) Reserves and Best Estimate (2C) 
Contingent Resources in accordance with SPE-PRMS guidelines. Woodside reports all of its petroleum resource 
estimates using definitions consistent with SPE-PRMS. 
• The SEC prohibits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, from disclosing estimates of oil or gas resources 
other than ‘reserves’ (as that term is defined by the SEC). In this presentation, Woodside includes estimates of quantities 
of oil and gas using certain terms, such as ‘proved plus probable (2P) reserves’, ‘best estimate (2C) contingent resources’, 
‘reserves and contingent resources’, ‘proved plus probable’, ‘developed and undeveloped’, ‘probable developed’, 
‘probable undeveloped’, ‘contingent resources’ or other descriptions of volumes of reserves, which include quantities of 
oil and gas that may not meet the SEC’s definitions of proved, probable and possible reserves, and which the SEC’s 
guidelines strictly prohibit Woodside from including in filings with the SEC. These estimates are by their nature more 
speculative than estimates of proved reserves and would require substantial capital spending over a significant number 
of years to implement recovery, and accordingly are subject to substantially greater risk of not being recovered by 
Woodside. In addition, actual locations drilled and quantities that may be ultimately recovered from Woodside’s 
properties may differ substantially. Woodside has made no commitment to drill, and likely will not drill, all drilling 
locations that have been attributable to these quantities. US investors are urged to consider closely the disclosures in 
Woodside’s filings with the SEC which are available at www.sec.gov.
Assumptions
• Unless otherwise indicated, the targets set out in this presentation have been estimated on the basis of a variety of 
economic assumptions including: (1) US$70/bbl Brent long-term oil price, US$10/MMBtu long term JKM price, 
US$9/MMBtu long-term TTF price, US$3.50 long-term Henry Hub price (2024 real terms) and a long-term inflation rate 
of 2.0%; (2) currently sanctioned projects being delivered in accordance with their current project schedules; and (3) 
applicable growth opportunities being sanctioned and delivered in accordance with the target schedules provided in 
this presentation. These growth opportunities are subject to relevant project participant approvals, commercial 
arrangements with third parties and regulatory approvals being obtained in the timeframe contemplated or at all. 
Woodside expresses no view as to whether project participants will agree with and support Woodside’s current position 
in relation to these opportunities, or such commercial arrangements and regulatory approvals will be obtained. 
Additional assumptions relevant to particular targets or other statements in this presentation may be set out in the 
relevant slides. Any such additional assumptions are in addition to the assumptions and qualifications applicable to the 
presentation as a whole.
Climate strategy and emissions data
• All greenhouse gas emissions data in this presentation are estimates, due to the inherent uncertainty and limitations in 
measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas emissions. Methodologies for measuring or quantifying greenhouse gas 
emissions may evolve as best practices continue to develop and data quality and quantity continue to improve.
• Woodside “greenhouse gas” or “emissions” information reported are Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions, and/or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, each on a net equity basis, unless otherwise 
stated.
• For more information on Woodside's  strategy and performance, including further details regarding Woodside’s targets, 
aspirations and goals and the underlying methodology, judgements, assumptions and contingencies, refer to 
Woodside’s 2025 Climate and Sustainability Summary, available on the Woodside website at 
https://www.woodside.com/sustainability and section 3.6 of Woodside’s 2025 Annual Report. The glossary and 
footnotes to this presentation provide clarification regarding the use of terms such as "lower-carbon“ under Woodside's  
strategy. A full glossary of terms used in connection with Woodside's strategy is contained in Woodside’s 2025 Annual 
Report.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
• Throughout this presentation, a range of financial and non-financial measures are used to assess Woodside’s 
performance, including a number of financial measures that are not defined in, and have not been prepared in 
accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are not recognised measures of financial 
performance or liquidity under IFRS (Non-IFRS Financial Measures). These measures include EBIT, EBITDA, EBITDA 
excluding impairment, EBITDA margin, Gearing, Underlying NPAT, Average realised price, Unit production cost, Net debt, 
Liquidity, Free cash flow, Capital expenditure, Exploration expenditure, Return on Equity, Cash margin, Production cost 
margin, and Other cash cost margin. These Non-IFRS Financial Measures are defined in the glossary section of this 
presentation. A quantitative reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable financial measure 
calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS can be found in the Alternative Performance Measures section of 
Woodside’s 2025 Annual Report.
• Woodside’s management uses these measures to monitor Woodside’s financial performance alongside IFRS measures to 
improve the comparability of information between reporting periods and business units and Woodside believes that the 
Non-IFRS Financial Measures it presents provide a useful means through which to examine the underlying performance 
of its business.
• Undue reliance should not be placed on the Non-IFRS Financial Measures contained in this presentation and these Non-
IFRS Financial Measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of 
financial performance, financial position or cash flows reported in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS Financial Measures 
are not uniformly defined by all companies, including those in Wo

---

y 
changes.
• Excludes the final acquisition completion payment for Beaumont New Ammonia, 
expected in 2026. This will be separately disclosed in the cash flow statement.
Abandonment expenditure $ million 500 – 800
Exploration expenditure $ million ~ 200
Production costs $ million 1,500 – 1,800
Feed gas, services and processing costs $ million 500 – 600 • Includes Beaumont New Ammonia’s operating costs, in addition to the Group’s tolling 
costs, feed gas and processing costs.
Property, plant and equipment depreciation 
and amortisation $ million 4,200 – 4,700
1. Consistent with 2025 Capital Markets Day, presented on a 3-year average for 2026-2028. Includes binding sales and purchases agreements only, Woodside’s equity share of Scarborough and Pluto LNG, 
Corpus Christ offtake volumes and assumes the Chevron asset swap is complete.
2. Louisiana LNG (90% Louisiana LNG LLC, 60% Louisiana LNG Infrastructure LLC and 20% Driftwood Pipeline LLC) capital expenditur e adjusted for the cash contributions from Stonepeak and WiIliams. 
Scarborough (74.9% participating interest), Pluto Train 2 (51% participating interest) and Trion (60% participating interest) .
3. Completion of the asset swap with Chevron assumed in H2 2026. Woodside’s equity interests at current participating interest p rior to the completion for NWS Project, NWS Oil Project Wheatstone, 
Julimar-Brunello and Angel CCS assets.
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing41
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Glossary
$, $m, $B US dollar unless otherwise stated, millions of dollars, billions of dollars
1P Proved reserves
AASB S2
Australian Accounting Standards Board S2 Climate-related Disclosures sets out disclosure requirements 
for an entity to provide useful information to primary users of its general purpose financial report about 
climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect the entity’s cash flows, 
access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term.
Abate/abatement Avoidance, reduction or removal of an amount of carbon dioxide or equivalent
Aspiration
Woodside uses this term to describe an aspiration to seek the achievement of an outcome but where 
achievement of the outcome is subject to material uncertainties and contingencies such that Woodside 
considers there is not yet a suitable defined plan or pathway to achieve that outcome
Average realised price Revenue from sale of hydrocarbons ($ million) divided by sales volume (MMboe)
A$, AUD Australian dollars
Bbl Barrels
Bcf Billion cubic feet
Board The Board of Directors of Woodside Energy Group Ltd
Breakeven
Breakeven is calculated on an adjusted free cash flow basis. It excludes capital and selldown proceeds 
from major projects (Louisiana LNG, Scarborough, Trion, and Beaumont New Ammonia), marketing, 
exploration and hedging
Brent Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) Brent Crude deliverable futures contract (oil price)
boe, kboe, MMboe, Bboe Barrel of oil equivalent, thousand barrels of oil equivalent, million barrels of oil equivalent, billion barrels 
of oil equivalent
CAGR Compound annual growth rate
Capital expenditure
Capital additions on property, plant and equipment, evaluation capitalised and other corporate spend. 
Excludes exploration capitalised and adjusted for the capital contribution from its non-controlling 
interests for the development of Louisiana LNG
Capital expenditure excluding 
Louisiana LNG
Capital additions on property, plant and equipment, evaluation capitalised and other corporate spend. 
Excludes exploration capitalised and net capital additions on Louisiana LNG
Carbon credit
A tradable financial instrument that is issued by a carbon-crediting program. A carbon credit represents a 
greenhouse gas emission reduction to, or removal from, the atmosphere equivalent to 1 tCO2 -e, 
calculated as the difference in emissions from a baseline scenario to a project scenario. Carbon credits are 
uniquely serialised, issued, tracked and retired or administratively cancelled by means of an electronic 
registry operated by an administrative body, such as a carbon-crediting program
Cash margin
Gross profit/loss adjusted for other cost of sales, trading costs, oil and gas properties depreciation and 
amortisation and other revenue. Excludes the marketing segment. Cash margin % is calculated as cash 
margin divided by revenue from sale of hydrocarbons (excluding marketing segment)
CBAM Carbon border adjustment mechanism
CCS Carbon capture and storage
CCUS Carbon capture utilisation and storage
CO2 Carbon dioxide
CO2-e
CO₂ equivalent. The universal unit of measurement to indicate the global warming potential
of each of the seven greenhouse gases, expressed in terms of the global warming potential
of one unit of carbon dioxide. It is used to evaluate releasing (or avoiding releasing) any
greenhouse gas against a common basis1
Condensate Hydrocarbons that are gaseous in a reservoir but that condense to form liquids as they rise to the surface
cps Cents per share
Decarbonisation Woodside uses this term to describe activities or pathways that have the effect of moving towards a state 
that is lower-carbon, as defined in this glossary
DES Delivery ex ship
DTA Deferred tax asset
EBIT Calculated as a profit before income tax, PRRT and net finance costs
EBITDA Calculated as profit before income tax, PRRT, net finance costs, depreciation and amortisation, impairment 
losses, impairment reversals
EBITDA margin EBITDA margin % is calculated as EBITDA divided by operating revenue
Emissions Emissions refers to emissions of greenhouse gases unless otherwise stated
EPC Engineering, procurement and construction 
EPS Earnings per share
Equity greenhouse gas emissions
Woodside sets its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets on an equity basis. 
This ensures that the scope of its emissions reduction targets is aligned with its economic interest in its 
investments. Equity emissions reflect the greenhouse gas emissions from operations according to 
Woodside’s share of equity in the operation. Its equity share of an operation reflects its economic interest

---

one-hour period)
TJ/day Terajoules per day
TTF Title transfer facility
Underlying NPAT Net profit after tax from the Group’s operations excluding any exceptional items
Unit production cost or UPC Production costs ($ million) divided by production volume (MMboe)
US, USA United States of America
USD United States dollar
Woodside Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 or its applicable subsidiaries
For personal use only
Head Office:
Woodside Energy
Mia Yellagonga
11 Mount Street
Perth WA 6000
Australia
Postal Address:
GPO Box D188
Perth WA 6840
Australia
T: +61 8 9348 4000
F: +61 8 9214 2777
E: companyinfo@woodside.com
Woodside Energy Group Ltd
ABN 55 004 898 962
woodside.com
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing44 For personal use only

---

ent grade credit rating of 
Moody’s: Baa1 and S&P: BBB+1
Committed to shareholder returns with 
a track record of 80% payout ratio since 
2013
Active risk management including 
hedging and liquidity management
1. Corporate debt credit ratings. Baa1 by Moody’s, BBB+ by S&P Global. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or h old securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing20
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Capital management framework
Excess
cash
Safe, reliable 
and low-cost 
operations
Investment 
expenditure
Strong 
balance 
sheet
Dividend 
policy
(minimum 50% 
payout ratio)
Special dividends
Share buy-backs
Investment grade 
credit rating2
Maintain dividend based on NPAT excluding 
non-recurring items, targeting 50-80% 
payout ratio
Targeting 10-20% 
gearing through 
the cycle
Future investment
Moody’s: Baa1
S&P: BBB+
80% payout ratio
59 US cps
2025 full-year: 18.2%
Operating 
cash flow
Investing 
cash flow
Full-year 
dividendsLiquidity1$7.2B $7.9B $9.3B $2.1B
1. Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of this presentation for the definition.
2. Corporate debt credit ratings. Baa1 by Moody’s, BBB+ by S&P Global. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or h old securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.
(Final dividend of $1.1B)($5.3B when adjusted for NCI 
and lease repayments)
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing21
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Outstanding EBITDA performance
$9.3 billion EBITDA and >70% EBITDA margin 
underpinned by outstanding Sangomar production 
performance and consistent cost focus1
Strong EBITDA performance driven by increased 
production and high-quality asset base
Marketing segment contribution of ~8% to EBIT1
Strong underlying NPAT of $2.6 billion despite lower 
average realised prices1
1. Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of this presentation for the definition.
EBITDA1
$ billion
EBITDA margin
4.1
11.2
9.4 9.3 9.3
59%
67% 67%
70% 71%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
0.0
2.0
4.0
6.0
8.0
10.0
12.0
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
EBITDA
Pre-merger Post-merger
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing22
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Strong balance sheet positioned to navigate volatility
Liquidity of $9.3 billion supports capital 
commitments and shareholder returns1
Gearing of 18.2% within target range (10 – 
20%) and net debt/EBITDA of 0.9x1
$2.3 billion received from Stonepeak and 
Williams on completion of Louisiana LNG 
sell-downs
$34/bbl 2026-2027 average breakeven 
providing resilience2
1. Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the glossary section of this presentation for the definition.
2. Indicative, not guidance and as outlined on slides 9 and 35 in Woodside’s 2025 Capital Markets Day presentation, released 5 N ovember 2025. Refer to slides 87-88 of the Capital Markets Day presentation for 
further details on the underlying assumptions.
3. Growth includes Sangomar Phase 1, Beaumont New Ammonia, Scarborough, Trion and Louisiana LNG.
Liquidity
$ billion
Undrawn 
facilities
Cash
6.1
10.2
7.8
6.7
9.3
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
Sources Uses
Base Capital
Dividend
Available 
cash
Sources and uses, 2026-2032 ($ billion)2
Resilience at $55 Brent, $7 JKM
Growth3
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing23
Here is the full palette 
of colours you can use
Delivering consistent, reliable returns
Declared final dividend of $1.1 billion, 59 US cps fully 
franked
Paying at the top end of dividend target range since 
2013
Returned ~$11 billion (568 US cps) to shareholders 
since merger completion in 2022 while reinvesting in 
projects for future cash generation1
Strong underlying business enables continued ability to 
return value to shareholders
1. Dividends returned since merger completion on 1 June 2022 to 2025 half-year. Excludes 2025 final dividend declared of $1.1 billion or 59 US cps.
Strong dividends
US cents per share
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Pre-merger Post-merger
Interim dividend
Final dividend
BHP merger 
completion payment
For personal use only
Liz Westcott
Acting Chief Executive Officer
Close
2026: Continuing to execute strategyFor personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing25
Disciplined delivery focused on value
Operate base business safely, 
reliably and efficiently
Safely execute Pluto Train 1 major 
turnaround
Layer sales and progress offtake
Ramp-up Beaumont New Ammonia
Deliver first LNG cargo from 
Scarborough
Progress Louisiana LNG (including 
sell-downs) and Trion
Progress strategic partnering 
opportunities
Continue disciplined capital 
management 
Maintain strong liquidity through 
cost control and capital levers
Actively refine portfolio for long-
term value creation
Maximise Deliver Create
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing25
Continue focus on sustainability and innovation
For personal use only
Q&A
For personal use only
Annexure
For personal use only
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing28
Why invest in Woodside
1
Woodside supplies energy to meet rising demand, 
enabling global growth, and assisting with customer 
decarbonisation goals
2
Woodside has a track record of generating durable, 
long-term cash flows and returning value to 
shareholders through the cycle
3
Woodside offers tangible growth catalysts through 
project start-ups and exposure to a high-quality 
cash-generative portfolio
For personal use only
2025 Capital Markets Day29
Continued strong track record of 
safe and reliable operations
Monetising through portfolio 
and marketing optimisation
Major development projects
focused on cost and schedule
Strategic partnering and 
customer relationships
Disciplined capital allocation 
and balance sheet management
Actively refining the portfolio 
for long-term value creation
Delivering our strategy
Maximise
performance from base business
Deliver
cash-generative assets
Create
future opportunities
Full-Year 2025 Results Briefing29
Underpinned by a focus on sustainability and innovation
For personal use only
Full