Page 1 of 2 
Announcement 
 
Friday, 28 March 2025  
 
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
 
WOODSIDE TO DIVEST GREATER ANGOSTURA ASSETS TO PERENCO 
 
Woodside has entered into an agreement with Perenco to divest its Greater Angostura assets in Trinidad 
and Tobago for $206 million. The divestment is inclusive of Woodside’s interest in the shallow water 
Angostura and Ruby offshore oil and gas fields, associated production facilities and the onshore terminal. 
 
The transaction provides near-term cash flow to support ongoing investments and shareholder distributions 
and builds on the Australian asset swap announced in December 2024, further simplifying Woodside’s 
portfolio.1    
 
Woodside CEO Meg O’Neill said the development of Greater Angostura was made possible by the support 
of the Government of Trinidad and Tobago. 
 
“Greater Angostura has been a valuable contributor to the economy of Trinidad and Tobago, providing 
economic and community benefits.   
 
“As a result of operations over the past two decades, Woodside has paid more than $2 billion in taxes to 
Trinidad and Tobago and invested over $1 billion in major capital shallow water developments. 
 
“The Greater Angostura field produces approximately 12% of Trinidad and Tobago’s gas supply. Woodside 
is proud of our employees and their commitment to safe and reliable operations in Trinidad and Tobago. 
Their efforts will continue under the stewardship of Perenco. 
 
“The divestment accelerates the realisation of value from Greater Angostura and proceeds from the sale will 
be used to support ongoing investment in core priorities across Woodside’s portfolio.  
 
“This transaction is another demonstration of Woodside’s disciplined approach to portfolio management  and 
optimisation, aimed at delivering sustainable returns to shareholders over the long term.”  
 
Transaction details 
 
The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2025 with an effective date of 1 January 2025. 
Completion of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent, including joint venture, 
government and regulatory approvals.  
 
Woodside will continue to operate the Greater Angostura assets until close. Following transaction close, 
ownership and operatorship of the assets will be transferred to Perenco. Perenco will also be responsible for 
all restoration obligations in relation to the Greater Angostura assets. Woodside expects most of its 
employees based in Trinidad and Tobago will also transfer to Perenco.  
 
 
1 See “Woodside simplifies portfolio and unlocks long-term value” announced 19 December 2024 for details. Completion of the 
transaction is expected to occur in 2026. 
For personal use only
Page 2 of 2 
The transaction does not include the deepwater Calypso field. Woodside will continue to work with the 
Government of Trinidad and Tobago and our joint venture partner to progress the Calypso opportunity. 
 
About Woodside 
 
Woodside is a global energy company. Driven by a spirit of innovation and determination, we established the 
liquefied natural gas industry in Australia in the 1980s. We provide the energy the world needs to heat 
homes, keep the lights on and support industry.  
 
About Perenco 
 
Founded thirty years ago, Perenco is an independent hydrocarbon producer involved in the entire lifecycle of 
projects, from exploration to decommissioning. Gross production is around 500,000 boe/d. Perenco, which is 
based in the United Kingdom, operates in 14 partner countries and has been producing hydrocarbons in 
Trinidad and Tobago since 2016. 
 
  
 
   
INVESTORS 
Marcela Louzada 
M: +61 456 994 243 
E: investor@woodside.com 
MEDIA 
Christine Forster 
M: +61 484 112 469  
E: christine.forster@woodside.com 
 
 
This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
Forward-looking statements 
 
This announcement contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside's business and operations, 
market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for example, but not limited to, 
statements regarding the transaction (including statements concerning the timing and completion of the 
transaction, the expected benefits of the transaction and other future arrangements between Woodside and 
Perenco), the timing of completion of Woodside's projects and expectations regarding future expenditures and 
future results of projects. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement reflect Woodside's 
views held as at the date of this announcement. All statements, other than statements of historical or present 
facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such 
as 'guidance', 'foresee', 'likely', 'potential', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'aim', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'may', 'target' , 
'plan', 'forecast', 'project', 'schedule', 'will', 'should', 'seek' and other similar words or expressions.  
Forward-looking statements in this announcement are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of 
future events or performance, but are in the nature of aspirational targets that Woodside has set for itself and 
its management of the business. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are only 
opinions, are subject to change without notice and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of  Woodside, its related 
bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives.  
Details of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the "Risk" section of Woodside's 
most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and Woodside's most recent 
Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available 
on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review 
and have regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this announcement.  
Investors are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Actual results 
or performance may vary materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any forward -looking statements.  
All information included in this announcement, including any forward-looking statements, speak only as of the 
date of this announcement and, except as required by law or regulation, Woodside does not undertake to 
update or revise any information or forward-looking statements contained in this announcement, whether as a 
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
For personal use only