Page 1 of 2 
Announcement 
 
Tuesday, 29 July 2025 
 
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
 
WOODSIDE STRENGTHENS ITS AUSTRALIAN OPERATIONS 
 
Woodside has agreed to assume operatorship of the Bass Strait assets, unlocking potential development of 
additional gas resources, following an historic agreement with ExxonMobil Australia (ExxonMobil).  
 
Consolidating operatorship of the Bass Strait assets into Woodside’s operated portfolio strengthens 
Woodside’s footprint in Australia and reflects Woodside’s long history of operating excellence.  
 
From completion, Woodside will assume operatorship of the offshore Bass Strait production assets, the 
Longford Gas Plant, the Long Island Point gas liquids processing facility and associated pipeline 
infrastructure. Woodside and ExxonMobil’s equity interests in the assets and current decommissioning plans 
and provisions remain unchanged.  
 
As operator, Woodside will take on the responsibility for asset planning and execution activities, pursuing a 
value maximisation strategy that targets further production and reliability improvements. This strategic move 
combines Woodside’s existing global operating capabilities with ExxonMobil’s highly experienced Bass Strait 
workforce who will transfer to Woodside, further strengthening Woodside’s overall operating expertise.  
Operatorship of a larger group of assets in Australia will create economies of scale which are expected to 
realise over US$60 million in synergies for Woodside from the Bass Strait after deduction of transition and 
integration costs. 
 
The agreement also creates flexibility to realise future development opportunities that meet Woodside’s 
capital allocation framework. Woodside has identified four potential development wells that could deliver up 
to 200 petajoules of sales gas to the market. Under the agreement, Woodside can solely develop these 
opportunities through the Bass Strait infrastructure subject to further technical maturation and a final 
investment decision. This potential production has been identified from within the existing contingent 
resource opportunity set.1 
 
Woodside EVP and COO Australia Liz Westcott said the rationale for the agreement is compelling and the 
transfer of operatorship reinforces Woodside’s position as Australia’s leading energy company. 
 
“As a proudly Australian company, Woodside supports essential domestic energy needs in both Western 
Australia through the North West Shelf, Pluto and Macedon operations, and on the east coast through its 
equity participation in Bass Strait.  
 
“Taking operatorship of Bass Strait demonstrates Woodside’s continued commitment to meeting Australia’s 
domestic energy demand while maximising the value of existing infrastructure,” she said. 
 
ExxonMobil Australia Chair Simon Younger said ExxonMobil remains committed to providing reliable 
supplies of gas to its customers in Australia. 
 
“After operating the Gippsland Basin Joint Venture for more than 50 years, we are proud to be handing over 
the reins and transitioning our highly experienced Bass Strait workforce to our valued partner  Woodside, a 
 
1 Refer to Woodside’s Reserves Statement dated 17 February 2025 for the latest disclosure on the Bass Strait reserves and resources. 
 
For personal use only
Page 2 of 2 
world-class operator. We look forward to working with Woodside as it continues to maximise Gippsland 
Basin production,” he said.  
 
Completion is targeted in 2026 and is subject to conditions precedent including obtaining regulatory approvals. 
 
Background 
  
The Bass Strait assets include the Gippsland Basin Joint Venture (GBJV) and the Kipper Unit Joint Venture 
(KUJV). Each of Woodside and ExxonMobil Australia hold a 50% participating interest in the GBJV and 
32.5% participating interest in the KUJV.  
 
Natural gas production from the Bass Strait assets is 100% dedicated to the Australian domestic market and 
currently supplies approximately 40% of Australian east coast domestic gas demand.  The Bass Strait is the 
largest source of gas for the eastern Australian domestic market, which spans Queensland, New South 
Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, Australian Capital Territory, Northern Territory and South Australia.   
 
   
INVESTORS 
Vanessa Martin 
M: +61 477 397 961 
E: investor@woodside.com 
MEDIA 
Christine Forster 
M: +61 484 112 469  
E: christine.forster@woodside.com 
 
 
This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
 
Forward-looking statements 
 
This announcement contains forward-looking statements with respect to Woodside's business and operations, 
market conditions, results of operations and financial condition, including, for example, but not limited to, 
statements regarding the transaction (including statements concerning the timing and completion of the 
transaction and the expected benefits of the transaction), and expectations regarding future expenditures and 
future results of projects. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement reflect Woodside's 
views held as at the date of this announcement. All statements, other than statements of historical or present 
facts, are forward-looking statements and generally may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such 
as 'guidance', 'foresee', 'likely', 'potential', 'anticipate', 'believe', 'aim', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'may', 'target' , 
‘enable’, 'plan', 'forecast', 'project', 'schedule', 'will', 'should', 'seek' and other similar words or expressions.  
Forward-looking statements in this announcement are not guidance, forecasts, guarantees or predictions of 
future events or performance, but are in the nature of aspirational targets that Woodside has set for itself and 
its management of the business. Those statements and any assumptions on which they are based are only 
opinions, are subject to change without notice and are subject to inherent known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of  Woodside, its related 
bodies corporate and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisers or representatives.  
Details of the key risks relating to Woodside and its business can be found in the " Risk" section of Woodside's 
most recent Annual Report released to the Australian Securities Exchange and Woodside's most recent 
Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and available 
on the Woodside website at https://www.woodside.com/investors/reports-investor-briefings. You should review 
and have regard to these risks when considering the information contained in this announcement.  
Investors are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Actual results 
or performance may vary materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any forward- looking statements.  
All information included in this announcement, including any forward-looking statements, speak only as of the 
date of this announcement and, except as required by law or regulation, Woodside does not undertake to 
update or revise any information or forward-looking statements contained in this announcement, whether as a 
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
For personal use only