Woodside prices US bond offer Woodside Energy Group Ltd 06 September 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Friday, 6 September 2024 WOODSIDE PRICES US BOND OFFER Woodside has conducted a bond offer and successfully priced US$2 billion of senior unsecured bonds in the US market. The bonds will be issued by Woodside Finance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Woodside Energy Group Ltd, under the Registration Statement which was filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission on 29 February 2024. The bonds will be guaranteed by Woodside Energy Group Ltd. The bond offering consists of US$1.25 billion of 10-year bonds with a coupon of 5.1% and US$0.75 billion of 30-year bonds with a coupon of 5.7%. The funds will be used for general corporate purposes. Settlement of the bonds is expected to occur on 12 September 2024, subject to customary closing conditions. Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Dan Pagoda M: +61 482 675 731 E: dan.pagoda@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. No offer or advice This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute, form part of, or contain an offer or invitation to sell securities to Woodside shareholders (or any other person), or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities from Woodside shareholders (or any other person), or a solicitation of any vote or approval from Woodside shareholders (or any other person) in any jurisdiction. The offer is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The offer is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. The prospectus and related preliminary prospectus supplement may be obtained by visiting the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . Alternatively, you may request these documents by calling Barclays Capital Inc. at 1-888-603-5847, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 1-212-834-4533, Mizuho Securities USA LLC at 1-866-271-7403 or UBS Securities LLC at 1‑888-827-7275. This announcement has been prepared without reference to the investment objectives, financial and taxation situation or particular needs of any Woodside shareholder or any other person. The information contained in this announcement does not constitute, and should not be taken as, financial product or investment advice. Woodside encourages you to seek independent legal, financial, taxation and other professional advice before making any investment decision. This announcement shall not be distributed, transmitted, published, reproduced or otherwise made available to any other person, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, for any purposes whatsoever. In particular, this announcement may not be taken or transmitted, in, into or from and may not be copied, forwarded, distributed or transmitted in or into any jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful. The release, presentation, publication or distribution of this announcement, in whole or in part, in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law or regulation, and persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. Woodside does not accept liability to any person in relation to the distribution or possession of this announcement in or from any such jurisdiction. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 25 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and