Page 1 
Announcement 
 
Wednesday, 26 August 2026  
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
 
 
HALF-YEAR 2026 RESULTS BRIEFING TRANSCRIPT 
 
Date: Tuesday, 25 August 2026 
Time: 08:00 AWST/10:00 AEST (19:00 CDT on Monday, 24 August 2026) 
 
Start of Transcript 
Liz Westcott: Good morning and welcome to Woodside’s  2026 Half-Year Results Presentation. 
Joining me on today’s call is our Chief Financial Officer, Graham Tiver. We are presenting from Sydney, and 
I would like to begin by acknowledging the Traditional Custodians of this land, the Gadigal People of the Eora 
Nation and pay my respects to their Elders past and present. 
Now, please take time to read the disclaimers, assumptions and other important information on Slides 2 and 
3. And I’d also like to remind you that all dollar figures in today’s presentation are in US dollars, unless 
otherwise indicated. 
It’s a great pleasure to present my first set of results as Woodside CEO. I’m proud of the way we have delivered 
reliably and consistently through our company leadership transition and during a time of historic volatility on 
global energy markets. 
This continues our proven track record as a reliable supplier to customers and highlights the competitive 
advantages we have developed over 40 plus years of operations. 
Woodside’s core value proposition remains. We supply energy to meet rising demand, return value for our 
shareholders through the cycle and offer tangible growth catalysts for investors. 
At our Capital Markets Day in November, we outlined Woodside’s transformative growth pathway to achieve 
more than 50% sales growth and approximately $9 billion in net operating cash flow in 2032. My focus, as 
CEO, is on the disciplined delivery of this pathway, while raising the bar further to translate future growth into 
greater value for our shareholders. 
There are some key areas where Woodside can build from our strengths to lift performance, sharpen our focus 
on value and improve the resilience of our business through the cycle. These include active management of 
For personal use only
Page 2 
our portfolio to maximise returns on capital, with all investment opportunities competing under a single 
framework for shareholder value. 
Our investment choices in new energy must be underpinned by customer demand and market commerciality. 
We must also achieve structural cost savings across our business driven by an ambitious and transparent 
cost-out target. 
We are announcing today a structural cost reduction target of US$350 million per year to be delivered from 
2028. 
Later in the presentation I will provide more detail on how we will sharpen our focus on value. 
But first, to our half year results which reflect Woodside’s impressive operational and financial performance to 
date in 2026. 
These results demonstrate how we are de-risking our business today and driving long term shareholder value.  
As shown on Slide 6, reliable operations underpin strong production and cash flow across our global portfolio. 
We achieved total production of 86.5 million barrels of oil equivalent for the half. Free cash flow achieved a 
year-on-year increase of more than 150%, and we maintained strong EBITDA of $4.6 billion. 
Regrettably, we experienced one high consequence injury during the period. 
We made significant progress on our next phase of value, advancing major projects at Scarborough, Trion and 
Louisiana LNG on schedule and on budget. 
We recorded an underlying net profit after tax of $1.3 billion and based on this, the Board has determined a 
fully franked interim dividend of US$0.57 per share, once again at the top end of our payout range. 
Slide 7 highlights Woodside’s world-class delivery during the half, underpinned by reliable operations and 
disciplined investment in growth. 
At Pluto, we safely executed a major planned turnaround on schedule and within budget, which included works 
to prepare for Scarborough. Our unit production cost remained competitive, notwithstanding the significant 
turnaround activity. 
We continued to efficiently execute our major projects with a strong focus on cost management, remaining on 
schedule and budget. 
We also continued to strengthen the quality of our global portfolio, sharpening our focus on opportunities that 
play to Woodside’s strengths and offer value accretive growth. 
During the period we exercised our pre-emption right which will result in increased equity in Browse on 
completion. Woodside’s combined interest in the Browse resource and the North West Shelf onshore 
infrastructure, provides the basis for an integrated development concept with long-term cash flow potential. 
Subsequent to the half, in July we assumed operatorship of the Gippsland Basin assets, supporting the 
continued reliable supply of gas to the Australian domestic market. And in August, we agreed to divest our 
interest in the Calypso Project in Trinidad and Tobago, demonstrating our prudent approach to portfolio 
management and capital allocation. 
For personal use only
Page 3 
Keeping our people safe remains our highest priority at Woodside and we continue striving for sustained 
improvement in our safety performance. 
During the half we completed more than 11 million work hours, including construction, commissioning and 
complex turnarounds at our global operating and project sites. 
As shown on Slide 8, we recorded one high consequence injury and zero Tier 1 or Tier 2 process safety 
events. 
One high consequence injury is one too many and we remain firmly focused on continuous improvement and 
management of risk across our operations. This includes proactively managing risk and leveraging field 
leadership programs to provide deeper insights to our performance. 
Turning now to our operational performance on Slide 9. The first half once again showcased Woodside’s 
operational excellence and proven ability to maximise value from our producing assets, which delivered $3 
billion in operating cash flow during the period. 
We are making good progress on decommissioning across the portfolio. We commenced plug and 
abandonment on eight subsea wells at the North West Shelf and Julimar-Brunello and removed around 26 
kilometres of flowlines and umbilicals at Stybarrow and Griffin. 
At our Australian operations, we are executing infill opportunities across Pluto, Julimar Phase 3 and Turrum 
Phase 3, supporting continued value creation from our existing infrastructure and assets. 
Woodside is assessing the opportunity in our Gippsland Basin assets to unlock up to 200 petajoules of potential 
Bass Strait gas, supporting domestic energy security and creating additional value from the portfolio. 
Technical maturity and final details of the Australian government’s proposed Domestic Gas Reservation 
Scheme will influence whether we progress this opportunity to a final investment decision. 
Our international portfolio performed very well over the half, led by exceptional ongoing performance at 
Sangomar which produced 15 million barrels of oil equivalent Woodside share at 99.5% reliability. The asset 
has now generated $3.8 billion of EBITDA for Woodside since start-up. 
We are continuing our discussions with Petrosen and the government of Senegal on a potential additional 
phase which we estimate could be a six to eight well program. 
At Beaumont New Ammonia, we assumed operational control in March and are delivering cargos to domestic 
and international markets. During the half, production was constrained by third party feedstock availability with 
impacts expected to continue through 2027. 
Moving to delivery of our major projects on Slide 10. We continue to make excellent progress on the 
Scarborough Energy Project which was 98% complete at the end of the half and remains on track for first LNG 
cargo in the fourth quarter of 2026. 
Subsequent to the period, the floating production unit achieved ready for start-up status and first gas, marking 
another significant milestone as we move closer to production. 
Onshore, we continued construction and commissioning at Pluto Train 2. Mechanical runs have been 
completed on three of the six liquification compressors with the remaining activities progressing as planned. 
For personal use only
Page 4 
Our focus is now on disciplined execution through to start-up. We are progressively bringing wells online, 
pressurising the trunkline and introducing gas into the onshore facilities, while testing and verifying each part 
of the system. 
We are taking the time to ensure we bring these facilities online safely and reliably, as we move towards first 
LNG cargo and a significant new source of cash generative production to our portfolio. 
Moving to our Trion Project on Slide 11, which was 64% complete at the end of the half and targeting first oil 
in 2028. 
During the half we achieved key construction and drilling milestones. Engineering of the floating storage and 
offloading facility is progressing to plan, with fabrication underway and major equipment ordered. 
Preparations are now well advanced for the subsea installation campaign, with equipment set to be delivered 
ahead of offshore installation commencing in the third quarter of 2026. 
Turning to Slide 12. Louisiana LNG continues to progress on schedule and budget and was 28% complete at 
the end of the half. 
We achieved several key construction milestones, including commencement of berth dredging, installing the 
first mechanical equipment in Train 1, which was 35% complete at the end of the half, and erecting the first 
structural steel in Train 2. 
We are also advancing feedgas procurement in line with our gas supply strategy. Williams, our partner and 
pipeline operator, is progressing execution of Line 200. 
We continue to see strong interest from potential counterparties across both sell-downs, and LNG offtake and 
our approach remains focused on the quality partnerships required for this long-term investment. 
Sustainability performance remains fundamental to the long-term success of our business, and we made good 
progress in key areas during the half. Having achieved our 2025 net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions reduction target, we remain on track to meet our 2030 target of a 30% reduction against our 
baseline. 
We submitted our second annual Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 implementation plan, including 
enhanced methane emissions reporting at our Sangomar and North West Shelf operations. 
During the half, we continued making significant economic and social contributions to the communities where 
we operate. 
We paid more than $1 billion Australian dollars in taxes, royalties and levies to Australian governments during 
the half, and committed to more than $520 million Australian dollars of spend with almost 300 local businesses 
during our Pluto Train 1 modifications program. 
Subsequent to the period, we launched our inaugural Global Indigenous Peoples Strategy, setting out our 
intent to strengthen partnerships and support positive outcomes for Indigenous Peoples across the regions 
where we operate. 
We also took forward biodiversity initiatives in the United States and Australia. In Louisiana, we committed $5 
million over six years to the Sam Houston Jones State Park Restoration Project, while in Western Australia, 
we continued to progress the Watheroo Biodiversity Project. 
For personal use only
Page 5 
Moving to Slide 14. Woodside has continued to deliver during a period of significant volatility in global energy 
markets. 
The temporary withdrawal of 20% of LNG supply and 13% of oil supply from global markets as a result of the 
Middle East conflict drove increased customer demand for Woodside’s products. 
Brent and JKM pricing have both moderated from initial price spikes in March and April, however restricted 
supply and price volatility are expected to continue for some time. 
We achieved an average realised price of $74 per barrel of oil equivalent through our contracted positions and 
premiums achieved on crude products. 
Cyclone-related production impacts and planned Pluto turnaround curtailed available Woodside volumes 
during the period, which limited our exposure to the spot market. Our marketing and trading division continued 
to optimise the portfolio across multiple trades to manage risk and maximise value while fulfilling customer 
commitments. Some of these trades were across the reporting period.  
We see tailwinds for the second half from this trading as well as pricing lags on our oil-linked LNG contracted 
volumes. Ongoing gas hub exposure combined with our established customer relationships and growing 
shipping fleet position us well to derive additional value moving forward.  
With about 75% of our LNG volumes contracted through to 2028, we will remain a reliable provider to existing 
customers who value security of supply.  
Long-term structural demand outlook for LNG as a reliable, flexible and versatile energy source remains, 
notwithstanding the impact of recent supply shortages on demand from some price-sensitive markets. Wood 
Mackenzie continues to forecast ongoing robust demand growth in Asia through to the 2040s as these 
economies seek LNG to support baseload power, industrial use and grid stability.  
Wood Mackenzie has also revised upwards its long-term European gas demand forecast in each of the past 
four years. This indicates how advanced economies with net zero targets continue to see an important role for 
natural gas, including LNG, to complement renewables and support energy security. Woodside's portfolio, 
featuring highly reliable assets with diversified points of supply, underpinned by long-term customer 
relationships in major energy markets, is well placed to meet this demand.  
I'll now hand over to Graham to take you through our financial highlights before outlining how we're positioning 
Woodside for the next phase.  
Graham Tiver: Thanks, Liz and hello, everyone. I'm pleased to present another impressive set of financial 
results today, achieved during a turbulent period for global energy markets. Our performance over the first half 
was characterised by strong cash generation and proactive debt management, positioning us well to capture 
the benefits of production and pricing upside in the second half of 2026.  
During an expected period of high expenditure, due to project execution and planned turnarounds, we took 
early action at the start of the year to actively manage our balance sheet to protect downside price risk. This 
involved starting the year with strong liquidity and our routine hedging program. We maintained our investment 
grade credit rating and retained significant exposure to the upside, and we are anticipating strong cash 
generation in the second half.  
For personal use only
Page 6 
Slide 18 shows the underlying financial strength of our business. During a period of high prices, we were able 
to generate additional revenue whilst continuing to execute planned turnarounds and manage adverse weather 
outcomes, which reduced available production volumes. Our reliable and cost competitive base business has 
driven the positive trend you can see across the financial indicators.  
This includes growth in operating revenue, net profit after tax, and return on equity, and a resilient EBITDA of 
approximately $4.6 billion. While we achieved higher revenue due to elevated commodity prices, year-on-year 
EBITDA performance reflects increased operating costs on the commencement of Beaumont New Ammonia, 
Pluto turnaround - well, the planned turnaround costs - and timing of trading margins. Our healthy balance 
sheet with free cash flow of $352 million and liquidity of $8.2 billion keeps us well positioned to navigate 
volatility in global energy markets while continuing to fund near-term growth and return value to our 
shareholders.  
Our current capital management framework has served us well, providing clear guardrails to support financial 
discipline and deliver enduring shareholder returns. However, as Liz mentioned earlier, we will review and test 
the framework against our evolving business to ensure a disciplined capital strategy. We continue to exercise 
strong cost control across our business, but we are not standing still and will always look for opportunities to 
improve.  
Gearing at the end of the year [Clarification: end of June] was 20.6%, reflecting new lease liabilities, net hedge 
cash settlements and trade receivables not converted into cash at 30 June '26. This is marginally outside our 
target 10% to 20% range, but as we have previously noted, our capital management framework provides 
flexibility to sit temporarily outside of this range during capital intensive periods. Our approach is anchored by 
an investment grade credit rating and an established dividend policy with a targeted 50 to 80% payout range.  
Slide 20 provides further detail on our balance sheet strength with $8.2 billion in cash and undrawn facilities 
at the end of the half. As you can see, we've maintained strong liquidity throughout the past five years across 
changing market conditions and expenditure on major growth projects. In the current environment, our strong 
balance sheet provides an important buffer against global supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and 
price volatility.  
Cash generating capacity of our assets, active management of our debt portfolio and sell-downs last year of 
our Louisiana LNG Project have all contributed to our position. $1.7 billion in capital contributions was received 
during the half from Stonepeak and Williams for development of Louisiana LNG. 
We're particularly pleased that our strong performance over the half has translated into immediate rewards for 
our shareholders. The fully franked interim dividend of US 57 cents per share is once again at the top end of 
our targeted payout range, demonstrating our confidence in the strength of the balance sheet to return cash 
to shareholders while investing in long-term value accretive growth.  
We have now returned approximately US$12 billion to our shareholders since the completion of our merger 
with BHP's petroleum business in 2022. Our focus on financial discipline and strong capital management will 
continue to underpin Woodside's long-term profitability and continued delivery of returns to our shareholders.  
Thank you and I'll now hand back to Liz.  
Liz Westcott: Thanks, Graham. I'll conclude today's presentation by explaining how we are evolving 
Woodside's strategic priorities to build on this strong foundation and deliver Woodside's next phase of 
For personal use only
Page 7 
shareholder value. As I noted at the opening of today's presentation, the underlying strengths that drive 
Woodside's performance and position us for continued delivery of shareholder value remain unchanged. We're 
proud of what Woodside is accomplishing and we're now aiming to set the bar even higher.  
On becoming Woodside's CEO in March, I made clear that my priorities would be operational excellence, 
disciplined execution and sustained value creation. As our portfolio changes in scale, geography and 
complexity, our approach to these priorities must evolve. We have an opportunity to sharpen how we run the 
business and position ourselves for the future.  
Woodside's next phase will be underpinned by disciplined delivery of value. To maintain operational 
excellence, we are placing an even greater focus on efficiency, cost management and productivity within our 
operations, alongside our enduring commitments to safety and sustainability. On disciplined execution, we 
must extract full value from our growth projects by delivering them to schedule and budget, transitioning them 
smoothly into high-performing operations and optimising their revenue through enhanced marketing and 
trading capabilities. And to deliver sustained value creation, we are applying an ever-sharper focus on portfolio 
quality, ensuring capital is directed to the highest value opportunities. Together, these strategic priorities 
provide a clear framework for Woodside's future.  
A sharper positioning on discipline and value is already translating into tangible actions. As our major growth 
projects progress and transition towards operations and cash flow generation, we are refocusing our capital 
strategy and managing our portfolio to maximise returns on capital.  
Our investments must all compete for capital equally, and strong returns on that capital must be achieved for 
the benefit of our shareholders. A single investment framework will guide investment decisions. New energy 
opportunities must be supported by clear customer demand and commercial markets. They must also compete 
for capital with other investment opportunities.  
This discipline has led to our decision to undertake a strategic review of Beaumont New Ammonia. This asset 
was acquired in a global environment with line of sight to a developing market for lower-carbon ammonia, 
including the international regulatory frameworks required to support that market. Significant changes in the 
global environment over the past 12 months have changed this underlying premise.  
Now that the asset has moved into the operating phase, it is the optimal time to review its place in our global 
portfolio. We will explore all options to determine the best value for Woodside. We are also applying a 
disciplined approach to sustainability, ensuring our plans and commitments continue to support Woodside's 
long-term resilience and value. This includes having balanced and achievable climate targets, which align with 
the pace of the global energy transition. Our 2030 net equity Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction target remains unchanged, as does our broader commitment to decarbonising Woodside's own 
operations.  
This aligns with Woodside's conviction that LNG has a key role in meeting long-term energy demand and 
global decarbonisation goals. However, we have taken the disciplined decision to retire our Scope 3 
investment and emissions abatement targets. These targets were established in a different market context 
and based on a different expected pace of the energy transition. The reality is that markets for emerging lower-
carbon opportunities, including hydrogen, ammonia, and carbon capture and storage, have developed more 
slowly than anticipated. Therefore, the targets no longer align with evolving technology, current policy settings 
and customer demand.  
For personal use only
Page 8 
Finally, we are focused on improving our business effectiveness to keep our business resilient through the 
cycle. The structured review of our business I announced in April has identified opportunities to improve 
business effectiveness and leverage efficiencies as key assets move from project delivery into operations and 
others into later life production. We are building a simpler organisation that can make decisions faster, allocate 
resources more effectively and deliver services as they are needed across our global portfolio.  
We are pursuing an annual cost out target of $350 million to be delivered from 2028, including overhead and 
operational cost savings from our base business. These early actions represent a disciplined evolution of our 
strategy as we look to sharpen Woodside's focus, lift our performance and position our business for long-term 
success.  
To conclude, Woodside's renewed focus on discipline and value is a considered evolution of our existing 
strategy and investment proposition. Our operational excellence and financial strength are returning value to 
shareholders today, while disciplined delivery of our major growth projects is building the production and cash 
generation platform for tomorrow. We have actions underway that leverage our proven capabilities and build 
on our strengths, and we have set a clear course towards building a stronger Woodside that can deliver 
enduring value for our shareholders.  
Thank you, and I'll now open the call to your questions. Please limit your questions to two each so everybody 
has an opportunity to ask their questions.  
Operator: Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone and wait for your 
name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press star two. If you're on a speakerphone, 
please pick up the handset to ask your question. Your first question comes from Tom Allen with UBS. Please 
go ahead.  
Tom Allen (UBS, Analyst): Hi, good morning, Liz, Graham and the broader team. So just following up your 
comments, Liz, that Woodside's today announced it has abandoned plans to spend $5 billion on new energy 
projects by 2030, and you've announced a strategic review of Beaumont New Ammonia. Just given that was 
the first key project relevant to that target, can you share some comments on whether that would potentially 
seek a full divestment or a partial sale only? 
And then the extension of that question would be, over at Louisiana LNG, that was quite a different project 
structure to what we're typically seeing for US Gulf Coast LNG projects with Woodside retaining, as an 
upstream E&P, quite high equity exposure in the infrastructure and even through the HoldCo. Were there any 
plans to revisit the structure of Louisiana LNG as well?  
Liz Westcott: Okay, thank you, Tom. So starting off with Beaumont New Ammonia. Now, Beaumont New 
Ammonia is a high-quality asset and it's now in operations and it's approaching important milestones over the 
course of 26 [Clarification: 2027]. So the asset, though, was acquired in a different global environment to the 
one we're in today and so it's important I think to reflect the changes that we've had in the last 12 months and 
that's why we've announced the strategic review of the asset. We are going to look at all options to determine 
the best value option for Woodside, so there's no determined pathway today. 
Your second question around the structure of Louisiana LNG, you're right to say that Woodside has had the 
opportunity to approach the Louisiana LNG investment differently to others. And, importantly, having a balance 
sheet that can support an investment of this scale, we've been able to bring in HoldCo [Clarification: HoldCo 
For personal use only
Page 9 
and InfraCo] partners  across the project to support both the capital reduction, and today we sit with Stonepeak 
and Williams having reduced the capital exposure for Woodside down to 57% of the total investment, so $9.9 
billion. And we also have portfolio marketing capabilities that we're able to exercise to achieve the value that 
we see in this asset. So there's no planned change to the structure of the project as we continue to look for 
HoldCo participants to join us in this asset. 
Tom Allen (UBS, Analyst): Okay, that's clear, Liz. You did note that all projects are competing for capital in 
your basis for conducting the strategic review of Beaumont, and so over the quarter, Woodside's pre-empted 
on the sale of PetroChina's 10.67% stake in Browse, and Woodside's continued to progress environmental 
approvals. Could you please comment on Woodside's target timeline to progress the Browse project towards 
an FID, and perhaps some colour on the targeted CapEx, including for the CO2 and targeted returns for the 
project? 
Liz Westcott: Extending your two questions. So the Browse project is still early stage. We are in pre-FEED 
on Browse and so the teams continue to work three streams of work, making sure we have an investable 
project and we've got EPC contractors providing cost and schedule outlooks and designs to our project team 
today. We continue to work environmental approvals with submissions that have been made in the last half, 
both to the