Director/PDMR Shareholding Woodside Energy Group Ltd 08 March 2024 WOODSIDE ENERGY GROUP LTD NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITY OR PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED Woodside Energy Group Ltd announces the allocation of 33,735 restricted ordinary shares to Graham Tiver under the Woodside Executive Incentive Scheme and the granting of 17,671 performance rights. Both transactions occurred on 6 March 2024. The notifications below are made in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation and provide further details of the allocations. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated a) Name Graham Tiver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification/Amendment This is an initial notification. 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Woodside Energy Group Ltd b) LEI 2549005ZC5RXAOO7FH41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares ISIN: AU0000224040 b) Nature of the transaction The allocation of 33,735 ordinary shares under the Woodside Executive Incentive Scheme. Of the total grant, 16,064 shares are three year restricted shares and 17,671 are five year restricted shares. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 33,735 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price(s) Volume(s) nil 33,735 e) Date of the transaction 2024-03-06 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / persons closely associated a) Name Graham Tiver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) b) Initial notification/Amendment This is an initial notification. 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Woodside Energy Group Ltd b) LEI 2549005ZC5RXAOO7FH41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares ISIN: AU0000224040 b) Nature of the transaction Offer of performance rights pursuant to the Woodside Executive Incentive Scheme c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) nil 17,671 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Price(s) Volume(s) nil 17,671 e) Date of the transaction 2024-03-06 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 27 minutes ago WPP 43 minutes ago FirstGroup 1 hour ago Montanaro European Smaller Companies Trust 1 hour ago Smith & Nephew 2 hours ago Bloomsbury Publishing All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and