Final Results Woodside Energy Group Ltd 27 February 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Tuesday, 27 February 2024 PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS The following documents are available to view or download via Woodside's website (woodside.com) or using the web-links below: · Annual Report and Accounts 2023 o PDF format: https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/investor-documents/major-reports-(static-pdfs)/2023-annual-report/2023-annual-report.pdf?sfvrsn=964007ef_14 o Single electronic reporting format: https://www.woodside.com/investors/investor-announcements · Climate Transition Action Plan and 2023 Progress Report in PDF format, available here: https://www.woodside.com/docs/default-source/investor-documents/major-reports-(static-pdfs)/ctap2023/climate-transition-action-plan-and-2023-progress-report.pdf?sfvrsn=d6f6eed4_8 These documents have today been uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text (and, in relation to the Annual Report and Accounts 2023, also in single electronic reporting format) and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Christine Forster M: +61 484 112 469 E: christine.forster@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Legal & General Group 3 hours ago National Grid 3 hours ago Georgia Capital 3 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 3 hours ago Bunzl All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and