Woodside dividends still at risk despite bumper Q3 output and higher guidance ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Energy / Woodside dividends still at risk despite bumper Q3 output and higher guidance Energy ENERGY News | Energy Woodside dividends still at risk despite bumper Q3 output and higher guidance Woodside has slightly bumped its full-year production guidance after reporting a record September quarter. Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 16 October 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 3 min read Share Print Article Source: iStock Mentioned Crude Oil WDS $62.9B Woodside Energy Group Ltd KEY POINTS Woodside reported record Q3 production and revenue, exceeding analyst expectations, driven by Sangomar ramp-up and higher LNG prices The company tightened its full-year production guidance upward and lowered capex projections Woodside's recent acquisitions and elevated capex cycle may impact dividends and prevent significant stock re-rating in the near term, according to Macquarie Woodside ( ASX: WDS ) shares are ticking higher on Wednesday after the oil and gas major reported better-than-expected third-quarter production and tightened its full-year production outlook. Woodside shares have struggled over the past twelve months, down 26% to near two-year lows amid falling energy prices and an aggressive growth strategy that's lengthening its heavy CAPEX cycle and placing dividends at risk. Q3 highlights Here are the key numbers for the September quarter 2024. Record quarterly production +20% quarter-on-quarter to 53.1 MMboe Record production due to ramp-up of Sangomar, increased up-time across operated assets and increased seasonal domestic gas demand Quarterly revenue +21% quarter-on-quarter to $3.67 billion, due to Sangomar sales and higher average LNG prices To add some perspective, quarterly production volume revenue was respectively 2.5% and 6.0% ahead of consensus expectations (54.4 MMboe and $3.46 billion respectively). Tightened full-year guidance Woodside narrowed its full-year production guidance from 185-195 MMboe to 189-195 MMboe. At the midpoint, this represents an increase of 2.2% and marginally ahead of Macquarie estimates (10-Oct) of 189.7 MMboe. The Group also lowered its full-year CAPEX guidance from $5.0-5.5 billion to $4.8-5.2 billion or a 4.7% cut at the midpoint. Macquarie had forecasted CAPEX of $5.2 billion for 2024. Why does this matter? Woodside's Q3 results surpassed the bullish forecasts of analysts like Goldman Sachs and Macquarie. Quarterly revenue exceeded expectations, bolstered by Sangomar production and unexpectedly high LNG prices. The full-year outlook is equally promising, projecting above consensus output and a slightly reduced CAPEX. This latter point addresses a key concern for Woodside as it pursues several acquisitions in the US. In August, Woodside announced its $2.3 billion acquisition of the Beaumont Ammonia Project, with regulatory approval anticipated by year-end. In addition, the company finalised its previously announced $1.2 billion purchase of US LNG developer Tellurian last week. "Woodside is driving an aggressive growth strategy, and as a result, we forecast a dividend payout cut to 60% in our forecasts is necessary to ensure gearing doesn't run to levels materially above the 20% guardrail," Macquarie analysts said in a note dated 10 October. "Woodside didn't see this as necessary at the 1H24 result, but with deals now completed, this could change." CAPEX concerns Woodside shares have had a lacklustre performance over the past year and declining energy prices are only partly to blame. The company's recent acquisition strategy has prompted Macquarie analysts to revise their forecasts downward. They've reduced 2024 and 2025 earnings projections by 3% as higher debt raises interest costs. For 2026, they've cut estimates by 10%, factoring in higher interest expenses, increased depreciation and amortisation for Sangomar, and lower anticipated LNG prices. Source: Macquarie Research October 2024 Source: Macquarie Research October 2024 While Macquarie analysts believe the stock is trading at an attractive valuation, the "elevated CAPEX cycle [is] now effectively locked in for the next 5-6 years is likely to prevent a major re-rating for now." ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 02/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index