Changes to Woodside Board Woodside Energy Group Ltd 27 February 2024 Woodside Energy Group Ltd ACN 004 898 962 Mia Yellagonga 11 Mount Street Perth WA 6000 Australia T +61 8 9348 4000 www.woodside.com ASX: WDS NYSE: WDS LSE: WDS Announcement Tuesday, 27 February 2024 CHANGES TO WOODSIDE BOARD Retirement of Gene Tilbrook from the Woodside Board The Board of Woodside announces the retirement of Mr Gene Tilbrook as a Director of Woodside, effective 28 February 2024. Mr Tilbrook joined the Woodside Board in December 2014 bringing extensive experience in corporate strategy, investment and finance. This included senior executive roles at Wesfarmers Limited between 1985-2009. Mr Tilbrook has served on the Audit & Risk Committee, Nominations & Governance Committee, and Human Resources & Compensation Committee of which he was appointed Chair from 2019-2023. Woodside Chair Richard Goyder said Mr Tilbrook had made an invaluable contribution to Woodside over his ten years on the Board. "Gene's tenure has coincided with a transformative period in Woodside's 70-year history. Gene has overseen the appointment of Meg O'Neill as CEO, the successful completion of Woodside's merger with BHP's petroleum business in 2022, and a number of Woodside's major milestones including final investment decisions on the Sangomar, Trion and Scarborough Energy Projects. "As Chair of the Human Resource & Compensation Committee, Gene has been instrumental in developing Woodside's 2021-2025 Reconciliation Action Plan and 2021-2025 Inclusion & Diversity Strategy. "The Woodside Board has greatly benefited from Gene's commitment and expertise and on behalf of the Board, I'd like to extend our sincere thanks to Gene for his dedicated service to Woodside." Contacts: INVESTORS Marcela Louzada M: +61 456 994 243 E: investor@woodside.com MEDIA Christine Forster M: +61 484 112 469 E: christine.forster@woodside.com This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside's Disclosure Committee. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Woodside Energy Group Ltd NPV (DI) (WDS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and