Should you buy the dip in Woodside Energy shares? ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Broker Watch / Should you buy the dip in Woodside Energy shares? Broker Watch BROKER WATCH News | Broker Watch Should you buy the dip in Woodside Energy shares? Will Woodside Energy’s September quarter production report reverse the slide in its share price or fears it will soon cut its dividend? Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter --> 17 October 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 5 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock, Market Index Mentioned WDS $62.9B Woodside Energy Group Ltd KEY POINTS Woodside Energy shares have been on a steady decline in 2024 on concerns about future capex requirements and fears of a falling dividend yield The company just released its September quarter production report, showing strong early production at Sangomar and otherwise solid operational performance The big brokers have updated their forecasts, ratings, and price targets, and we check to see if they think investors should buy the dip in Woodside Energy’s shares Woodside Energy Group ( ASX: WDS ) is the worst performing stock in the ASX Top 20 over the last 12 months. It has lost 23% of its value over this time compared to a similar sized gain in the S&P/ASX 200. This underperformance has no doubt been felt by investors who have remained loyal to Woodside, which to be fair has otherwise been a strong performer for many years. Investors who choose to add commodity stocks to their portfolio likely understand the cyclic nature of the earnings of these companies, but the resolve of even the most ardent believers in the Woodside story is likely being tested. It is likely to continue to be tested as increasing investment requirements threaten to extend a decline in the company’s earnings that started in 2022 for several more years. Woodside Energy price chart Woodside just released its September quarter production and operating report, and the market will be digging through the details for clues on whether the company is executing its strategy of bringing large new projects online, as well as for hints on the sustainability of the dividend. We checked in with several major brokers to get their views on Woodside’s quarterly report with a view to answering the question: Should investors buy the dip? September Quarter key numbers & takeaways Sales Volume: Sales volume 55.8 MMboe vs consensus* 54.4 MMboe Revenue: $3.68 billion vs consensus $3.46 billion FY24 (Year ending Dec 31 2024) Guidance: Production 189-195 MMboe vs previous guidance 185-195 MMboe Capex $4.8-$5.2 billion vs previous guidance $5.0-$5.5 billion Gas hub exposure (i.e., % of LNG produced) 33%-37% vs previous guidance 26%-33% Key Takeaways: New production record set thanks to strong performance at Australian LNG operations and Sangomar ramp up, increased up-time across portfolio of assets Revenue assisted by higher average LNG prices, increased gas hub exposure, although contracting environment remains difficult Scarborough is 73% complete, on track for first LNG cargo in 2026 *Consensus numbers supplied by Street Account by Factset Individual broker views Goldman Sachs: Retain NEUTRAL | Target price: $27.20 Broker notes quarter results were broadly in line with forecasts, but remains cautious on stock because of ongoing Sangomar royalty risk (Senegal’s government has announced intent to review terms of agreement), limited production growth, expectations of ongoing gas price weakness, and “relatively full valuation” in share price. Jarden: Retain NEUTRAL | Target Price: $26.80⬆️ vs $26.60 Broker expresses positive view on quarterly performance, in particular the increase in production guidance JP Morgan: Retain OVERWEIGHT | Target Price: $31.00 Broker notes production was above forecast, and highlights WDS’s strong growth profile and attractive valuation Macquarie: Retain NEUTRAL | Target price: $27.00 Broker notes “solid” production, but revenues were only “in line” with forecast due to weaker LNG realisations again, concludes “ Fading oil prices remain a concern given sizeable capex commitments ahead ” Morgan Stanley: Retain EQUAL-WEIGHT | Target price: $29.00 Broker notes its investment thesis for WDS remains unchanged, but sees “modest upside” in the September financial results given they beat consensus, but the impact to the broker’s (and likely consensus) earnings forecasts for the next 12 months is largely unchanged Morgans: Retain ADD | Target price: $33.00 Broker notes September quarter production and revenue beat consensus estimates, as well as commends management on narrowing production guidance range, lowering capital expenditure guidance, and increasing gas hub pricing exposure Ord Minnett: Retain HOLD | Target price: $26.50⬆️ vs $26.00 Broker is pleased with the tightening of the FY24 production guidance range, as well as above-consensus production and revenue RBC Capital Markets: Retain OUTPERFORM | Target price: $34.00⬆️ vs $33.50 Broker acknowledges strong production performance during quarter, and views major projects as on track to completion as well as likely to contribute to adding long term value UBS: Retain NEUTRAL | Target price: $28.30⬆️ vs $28.10 Broker describes September performance as “solid” underpinned by strong ramp up of production at Sangomar, which triggers a 9% lift in the broker’s FY24 earnings per share Woodside Energy broker consensus: Buy, Hold, or Sell? Woodside Energy broker consensus ( click here for full size image) The above table shows all ratings and targets for MP1 from broker research notes since May 1 (to keep it current). To obtain MP1’s Broker Consensus Rating, we assigned a value of +1 to any rating better than HOLD/NEUTRAL/MARKETWEIGHT, a value of 0 for any rating equivalent to HOLD/NEUTRAL/MARKETWEIGHT, and a value of -1 to any rating worse than HOLD/NEUTRAL/MARKETWEIGHT. We then take the average of all assigned – rating values and assign a Broker Consensus Rating of BUY to average rating values greater than +0.5, a rating of HOLD for average rating values between -0.5 and +0.5, and a rating of SELL for average rating values less than -0.5. Using this model, WDS’s average rating value is +0.15, unchanged compared to prior to its September quarter results, resulting in its Broker Consensus Rating remaining at HOLD . WDS’s consensus (average) target price is $28.72, up 0.4% from $28.61 prior to its September quarter results. This suggests brokers collectively believe the stock is around 15.2% undervalued based upon the closing price on Wednesday 16 October of $24.93. It’s worth noting that the consensus price target may change over the next few days as the three brokers we have on file who have not yet updated their analysis on WDS post-results may do so. But, given there have been only marginal changes to most brokers target prices so far, the above data is likely robust. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter Carl brings more than 30 years of investing experience and a track record of helping thousands of investors navigate every kind of market. A highly regarded commentator on global macro trends and their impact on Australian and US equities, he is also one of Australia's most recognised educators in technical analysis — having taught his distinctive price-action trend following methodology to two generations of investors. Printed 03/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index