Board Changes Becket Invest PLC 04 December 2023 Becket Invest plc (" Becket " or the " Company ") Board Changes The Board of Becket Invest plc is pleased to announce the appointment of James Crossley as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 1 December 2023. James has a Bachelor of Arts (Economics and Business) from Leeds Metropolitan University and joined Lloyd's of London on the underwriting side before relocating to the UAE where he started working in the Dubai office of an Isle of Man based firm of trustees. Following a successful tenure as a trustee, managing multinational clients, he began a new role with a European family office, focusing on trading listed equities and undertaking private equity transactions, specialising in mining and commodities. The Board is very pleased to welcome Mr Crossley and looks forward to the significant contribution he will make. Mr Crossley does not currently hold any shares in the Company. In respect of paragraphs 9.6.13(1) to 9.6.13(6) of the Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules, Mr Crossley has not held any directorships in any other publicly quoted company at any time in the previous five years. Below details all other directorships held by Mr Crossley in the previous five years: Current directorships Previous directorships BPM Trading Limited There is no further information in respect of the appointment of James Crossley which would require disclosure under Listing Rule 9.6.13 R (1) - (6). The Company also announces that Thomas Furlong will be stepping down from the Board with effect from 1 December 2023. Enquiries: Becket Invest Plc Director Graeme Muir Tel: +44 (0)7515 888 111 Peterhouse Capital Financial Adviser Guy Miller / Brefo Gyasi Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 Corporate Broker Lucy Williams / Duncan Vasey Tel: + 44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Gateley (Holdings) 1 hour ago Solid State 15 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and