Notice of AGM Miotal PLC 26 February 2025 MIOTAL PLC (the "Company" or "Miotal") NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The Company announces that the annual general meeting ("AGM") of the members of the Company will be held at the at the offices of Charles Russell Speechlys at 5 Fleet Place, London EC4M 7RD at 4.00 p.m. on Monday 10 th March 2025. The Notice of AGM has been posted to Shareholders and will shortly be available at the Company's website: www.miotal.com/ Enquiries Becket Invest Plc Graeme Muir, Director Tel: +44 (0)7515 888 111 Peterhouse Capital Limited Financial Adviser Guy Miller / Heena Karani Corporate Broker Lucy Williams Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Gateley (Holdings) 1 hour ago Solid State 15 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and