BETA Close X Wolfram Resources PLC has announced its Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on Wednesday, March 11th, 2026, at 11:00 a.m. at the offices of AlbR Capital Limited, 3rd Floor, 80 Cheapside, London EC2V 6EE. The Notice of AGM has been distributed to shareholders and will be available on the company's website. Disclaimer* Wolfram Resources PLC 25 February 2026 25 February 2026 WOLFRAM RESOURCES PLC (the "Company") NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The Company announces that the annual general meeting ("AGM") of the members of the Company will be held at the offices of AlbR Capital Limited, 3rd Floor, 80 Cheapside, London EC2V 6EE, at 11.00 a.m. on Wednesday 11th March 2026. The Notice of AGM has been posted to Shareholders and will shortly be available at the Company's website: www.wolframresources.com / - ENDS - Enquiries: Wolfram Resources Plc Graeme Muir, Director Tel: +44 (0)7515 888 111 AlbR Capital Limited Financial Adviser/Corporate Broker Tel: +44 (0)20 7469 0930 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Miotal Plc (MIO) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Gateley (Holdings) 1 hour ago Solid State 15 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and