Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 32 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 71 9A. Controls and Procedures 71 9B. Other Information 71 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 71 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 72 11. Executive Compensation 72 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 72 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 72 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 72 PART IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 73 16. Form 10-K Summary 76 Signatures 77 1 Cautionary Statement Concerning Statements This Report contains statements that reflect our views about our future performance and constitute " statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements can be identified by words such as "outlook," "believe," "anticipate," "appear," "may," "will," "should," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "assume," "seek," "forecast," and similar references to future periods. Our views about future performance involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in our statements. We caution you against relying on any of these statements. Our future performance may be affected by the levels of residential repair and remodel activity, and to a lesser extent, new home construction, our ability to maintain our strong brands, to develop innovative products and respond to changing consumer purchasing practices and preferences, our ability to maintain our public image and reputation, our ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our reliance on key customers, the cost and availability of materials, our dependence on suppliers and service providers, extreme weather events and changes in climate, risks associated with our international operations and global strategies, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives, our ability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy and integrate businesses that we have acquired and may in the future acquire, our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce, risks associated with cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and attacks and risks associated with our reliance on information systems and technology. These and other factors are discussed in detail in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of this Report. Any statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it was made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise . PART I Item 1. Business. Masco Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) is a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded home improvement and building products. Our portfolio of brands includes BEHR® paint; DELTA® and HANSGROHE® faucets, bath and shower fixtures; LIBERTY® branded decorative and functional hardware; and HOT SPRING® spas. We leverage our powerful brands across product categories, sales channels and geographies to create value for our customers and shareholders. We believe that our solid results of operations and financial position for 2024 resulted from our continued focus on our three strategic pillars: • drive the full potential of our core businesses; • leverage opportunities across our enterprise; and • actively manage our portfolio. In 2024, we continued to return value to our shareholders by repurchasing approximately 10.0 million shares of our common stock and increasing our quarterly dividend by approximately two percent compared to 2023. In addition, in the third quarter of 2024, we completed the divestiture of our Kichler Lighting business. Our Business Segments We report our financial results in two segments, our Plumbing Products segment and our Decorative Architectural Products segment, which are aggregated by product similarity. Our Decorative Architectural Products segment is impacted by seasonality and normally experiences stronger sales during the second and third calendar quarters, corresponding with the peak season for repair and remodel activity. 2 Plumbing Products The businesses in our Plumbing Products segment sell a wide variety of products that are manufactured or sourced by us. • Our plumbing products include faucets, showerheads, handheld showers, valves, bath hardware and accessories, bathing units, shower bases and enclosures, shower drains, steam shower systems, water filtration systems, sinks and kitchen accessories. We primarily sell these products to home center retailers, online retailers, mass merchandisers, wholesalers and distributors that, in turn, sell them to plumbers, building contractors, remodelers, smaller retailers, consumers and homebuilders. The majority of our faucet, bathing and showering products are sold primarily in North America, Europe and China under the brand names DELTA ® , BRIZO ® , PEERLESS ® , HANSGROHE ® , AXOR ® , KRAUS ® , EASY DRAIN ® , NEWPORT BRASS ® , GINGER ® , BRASSTECH ® and WALTEC ® . Our BRISTAN™ and HERITAGE™ products are sold primarily in the United Kingdom. • We manufacture acrylic tubs, bath and shower enclosure units , and shower bases and trays . Our DELTA, PEERLESS and MIROLIN ® products are sold primarily to home center retailers in North America. Our MIROLIN products are also sold to wholesalers and distributors in Canada. • Our spas, exercise pools, aquatic fitness systems and saunas are manufactured and sold under our HOT SPRING ® , CALDERA ® , FREEFLOW SPAS ® , FANTASY SPAS ® , AQUATERRA ® , LIFESMART ® , ENDLESS POOLS ® , TYLO ® , FINNLEO ® and HELO ® brands, as well as under other trademarks. Our spas, exercise pools and saunas are sold worldwide to independent specialty retailers and distributors and our spas and saunas are also sold to online mass merchandisers. Certain exercise pools are also available on a basis in North America and Europe, while our aquatic fitness systems are sold through independent specialty retailers as well as on a basis in some areas. • Included in our Plumbing Products segment are brass , copper and composite plumbing system components and other plumbing products that are sold to plumbing, heating and hardware wholesalers, home center and online retailers, hardware stores, building supply outlets and other mass merchandisers. These products are marketed primarily in North America under our BRASSCRAFT ® , PLUMBSHOP ® and MASTER PLUMBER ® brands and are also sold under private label. • Within our Plumbing Products segment we develop connected water products that enhance the experience with water in homes and businesses. These systems include touchless activation, voice activation, controlled volume dispensing and provide for monitoring and controlling the temperature and flow of water and are compatible with a range of faucets, showerheads and other showering components. • We also supply , custom thermoplastic solutions, extruded plastic profiles and specialized fabrications, as well as PEX tubing, to manufacturers, distributors and wholesalers for use in diverse applications that include faucets and plumbing supplies, appliances, oil and gas equipment and building products. We believe that our plumbing products are among the leaders in sales in North America and Europe. Competitors of the majority of our products in this segment include Dornbracht AG & Co. KG, Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation, Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.'s Moen, Rohl and Riobel brands, Kohler Co., Lixil Group Corporation’s American Standard and Grohe brands, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.'s Pfister faucets as well as private label and digitally native brands. Competitors of our spas, exercise pools, aquatic fitness systems and saunas include Artesian Spas, Harvia, Jacuzzi and Master Spas brands, among others. Foreign manufacturers competing with us are located primarily in Europe, China and Canada. Additionally, we face significant competition from private label products and digitally native brands. The businesses in our Plumbing Products segment manufacture products primarily in North America and Europe as well as in Asia and source products from Asia and other regions. Competition for our plumbing products is based largely on brand reputation, product features and innovation, product quality, customer service, breadth of product offering and price. Many of the faucet and showering products with which our products compete are manufactured by foreign manufacturers that contribute to price competition. 3 Many of our plumbing products contain brass, the major components of which are copper and zinc. We have multiple sources, both domestic and foreign, for our raw materials used in this segment. We have encountered price volatility for brass, brass components and any components containing copper and zinc. To help reduce the impact of this volatility, from time to time we may enter into agreements with certain significant suppliers. In addition, some of the products in this segment that we import have been and may in the future be subject to duties and tariffs. Decorative Architectural Products Our Decorative Architectural Products segment primarily includes architectural coatings, including paints, primers, specialty coatings, stains and waterproofing products, as well as paint applicators and accessories. These products are sold primarily in North America as well as in South America under the brand names BEHR ® , KILZ ® , WHIZZ ® , Elder & Jenks ® and other trademarks to “do‑it‑yourself” and professional customers through home center retailers and other retailers. Net sales of architectural coatings comprised approximately 32 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2024, 2023, and 2022. Our BEHR products are sold through The Home Depot, our largest customer overall, as well as this segment’s largest customer. Our Behr business grants Behr brand exclusivity in the retail sales channel in North America to The Home Depot. The granting of exclusivity affects our ability to sell those products and brands to other customers, and the loss of this segment’s sales to The Home Depot would have a material adverse effect on this segment’s business and on our consolidated business as a whole. Our competitors in this segment include large national and international brands such as Benjamin Moore & Co., Pittsburgh Paints Co.'s Glidden, Olympic, Pittsburgh Paints and Stains and PPG Paints brands, RPM International, Inc.'s and Zinsser brands, The Sherwin‑Williams Company's Minwax, , Thompson’s Water Seal, Valspar and Purdy brands and the Wooster Brush Company, as well as many regional and other national brands. We believe that brand reputation is an important factor in consumer selection, and that competition in this industry is also based largely on product features and innovation, product quality, customer service, breadth of product offering and price. Acrylic resins and titanium dioxide are principal raw materials in the manufacture of architectural coatings. The price of acrylic resins fluctuates based on the price of its components, which can have a material impact on our costs and results of operations in this segment. The price for titanium dioxide can fluctuate as a result of global supply and demand dynamics and production capacity limitations, which can have a material impact on our costs and results of operations in this segment. In addition, the prices of crude oil, natural gas, propylene and certain petroleum can impact our costs and results of operations in this segment. We have multiple sources, both domestic and foreign, for the raw materials used in this segment and have encountered price volatility with respect to certain of these materials. To help reduce the impact of this price volatility, we have and may in the future enter into agreements with certain significant suppliers. We import certain materials and products for this segment that have been and may in the future be subject to duties and tariffs. We also have agreements with certain significant suppliers for this segment that are intended to help assure continued supply. Our Decorative Architectural Products segment includes branded cabinet and door hardware, functional hardware, wall plates, hook and hook rail products, and outdoor living hardware, which are manufactured for us and sold to home center retailers, mass retailers, online retailers, other specialty retailers, original equipment manufacturers and wholesalers. These products are sold under the LIBERTY ® , BRAINERD ® , FRANKLIN BRASS ® and other trademarks. Our key competitors in North America include Amerock Hardware, Richelieu Hardware Ltd., Top Knobs and private label brands. Decorative bath hardware, shower accessories, mirrors and shower doors are sold under the brand names DELTA ® and FRANKLIN BRASS ® and other trademarks to home center retailers, mass retailers, online retailers, other specialty retailers and wholesalers. Competitors for these products include American Bath Group, LLC's Dreamline brand, Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.'s Moen brand, Gatco Fine Bathware, Kohler Co. and private label brands. 4 Additional Information Intellectual Property We hold numerous U.S. and foreign patents, patent applications, licenses, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing processes. We view our trademarks and other intellectual property rights as important, but do not believe that there is any reasonable likelihood of a loss of such rights that would have a material adverse effect on our present business as a whole. Laws and Regulations Affecting Our Business We are subject to federal, state, local and international government laws and regulations. For a more detailed description of the various laws and regulations that impact our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. We monitor applicable laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and incur ongoing expense relating to compliance, however we do not expect that compliance with federal, state, local and international regulations will result in material capital expenditures or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Human Capital Management The performance of our Company is impacted by our human capital management, and as a result we are focused on attracting, developing and retaining highly qualified, engaged employees, who have diverse experiences and backgrounds. We have developed three strategic talent priorities: leadership, diversity, equity and inclusion, and future workforce. Our Chief Human Resources Officer is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy and provides regular updates to our Board of Directors’ Compensation and Talent Committee on our progress toward the achievement of these strategic initiatives. We believe that our human capital initiatives work together to help our employees grow and thrive, and cultivate a culture where our employees feel like they belong. We are also committed to keeping our employees healthy and safe in the workplace. Leadership We support and foster the growth of our employees by providing development opportunities, experiences and tools that build and strengthen leadership capabilities. Our Leadership Profile, which is how we internally describe the capabilities and behaviors that we believe make great leaders, serves as the foundation for how we select, develop and measure the performance of our leaders. To develop a sustainable pipeline of leaders, we have robust and proactive talent management and succession planning processes to support our businesses. In addition, our Board of Directors and executive management team regularly review our Company’s critical leadership roles and succession plans. We are focused on building a continuous improvement and learning culture. This is supported by frequent and candid feedback discussions about performance and development between employees and their managers, across peers, and within teams. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DE&I") We believe a workplace that encourages different voices, perspectives and backgrounds creates better teams, better solutions and more innovation. We strive to cultivate a sense of belonging for our employees. We are focused on the following three key areas: • Our workplace: who we are and how it feels to work at Masco • Our marketplace: how we deliver innovative solutions that meet the needs of all our consumers and customers • Our communities: how we help increase access, equity, and inclusion with our diverse community partners 5 We have developed initiatives in each strategic focus area and our businesses have developed plans designed to meet their specific needs that are aligned with these initiatives. Our executive leadership team, DE&I Councils, and employee resource groups serve as advisors, ambassadors and change agents in implementing our initiatives and their business unit plans. Our workforce representation statistics are one indicator of our performance in advancing a diverse workforce. Following is our workforce representation statistics as of December 31, 2024: • In the U.S., our leadership team is comprised of 34 percent women and 27 percent racially / ethnically diverse individuals, as compared to the benchmark of 26 percent and 24 percent, respectively. The leadership benchmark includes / and managers, and officials and managers. • In the U.S., our salaried workforce is comprised of approximately 35 percent women and 31 percent racially / ethnically diverse individuals, as compared to the benchmark of 29 percent and 29 percent, respectively. The salaried employees benchmark includes leadership, professionals and technicians. • In the U.S., our hourly workforce, which includes hourly and exception hourly, is comprised of 37 percent women and 55 percent racially / ethnically diverse individuals, as compared to the benchmark of 27 percent and 35 percent, respectively. The hourly employees benchmark includes all other EEO categories we did not include in the leadership and salaried benchmark. Future Workforce There are critical capabilities that our employees and our organization need to help us achieve our businesses objectives. We leverage our Masco Operating System, our methodology to drive growth and productivity, to ensure that our businesses are focused on building these critical organizational capabilities by ensuring they have the right structure, talent, tools, and training in place. Employee Engagement In order to engage and retain our employees, we listen to our employees to understand their perspectives, needs and ideas by leveraging various forums, tools, and methods including surveys to measure key insights related to employee engagement, inclusion, , and leadership, among others. Employee Health and Safety The safety of our employees is integral to our company. In support of our safety efforts, we identify, assess, and investigate incidents and injury data, and each year set a goal to improve key safety performance indicators. We communicate and train our workforce on the importance of safe work practices. We also regularly consult with our employees on improvements to our operations. Our Workforce At December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 18,000 people. Available Information Our website is www.masco.com. Our periodic reports and all amendments to those reports required to be filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This Report is being posted on our website concurrently with its filing with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report or any other report filed with the SEC. Our reports filed with the SEC also may be found on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors. There are a number of business risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ from past performance or expected results. We consider the following risks and uncertainties to be most relevant to our specific business activities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe to be immaterial, also may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position. Strategic Risks Our business strategy is focused on residential repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, on new home construction activity, both of which are impacted by a number of economic and other factors. Our business performance relies on residential repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, on new home construction activity. A number of factors impact consumers’ spending on home improvement projects as well as new home construction activity, including: • consumer confidence levels; • consumer income and debt levels; • unemployment and underemployment levels; • the availability of home equity loans and mortgages and the interest rates for and tax deductibility of such loans; • inflationary pressures; • changing government policies and programs; • existing home sales; • age of the housing stock; • fluctuations in home prices; • household formation; • trends in lifestyle and housing design; • the availability of skilled tradespeople for repair and remodeling work; and • natural disasters, terrorist acts, pandemics, social or civil unrest, wars or conflicts or other catastrophic events. We have been and may in the future be negatively impacted by adverse changes or uncertainty involving one or more of the factors listed above. In addition, the fundamentals driving our business are impacted by economic cycles. Economic contractions or recessions have resulted in and could in the future result in a decline in residential repair and remodeling activity or in demand for new home construction, adversely impacting our results of operations and financial position. We may not achieve all of the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives. We continue to pursue our strategy of driving the full potential of our core businesses, leveraging opportunities across our enterprise, and actively managing our portfolio. Our strategy is designed to grow revenue, improve profitability and increase shareholder value over the mid- to . We execute our strategy by investing in our brands, developing innovative products, making capital investments, and focusing on continuous productivity improvement and operational excellence, among other initiatives. Our business performance and results of operations could be adversely impacted if we are unable to timely and effectively execute our strategy. We could also be adversely impacted if we have not appropriately prioritized and balanced our strategic initiatives or if we are unable to effectively manage change throughout our organization. 7 We may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy or integrate businesses that we acquire. Pursuing the acquisition of businesses complementary to our portfolio is a component of our strategy for future growth. If we are not able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate potential acquisitions within a desired time frame or at acceptable terms and prices, our competitive positioning may be impacted. Even if we are successful in acquiring businesses, the businesses we acquire may not be able to achieve the revenue, profitability or growth we anticipate, or we may experience challenges and risks in integrating these businesses into our existing business, including our governance and compliance framework. Such risks include: • diversion of management attention and our resources; • issues or conflicts with our new or existing customers or suppliers; • realizing expected synergies and economies of scale; • retaining key employees of the acquired businesses; and • unforeseen liabilities. International acquisitions that we have made, and those that we may make in the future, may continue to increase our exposure to foreign currency risks, and risks associated with interpretation, compliance with and enforcement of international regulations and the policies of other governments. Our failure to address these risks could cause us to incur additional costs and fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions and could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Business and Operational Risks Variability in the cost and availability of our raw materials, component and finished products could impact our results of operations and financial position. We purchase substantial amounts of raw materials, components and finished products from outside sources, including international sources, and we manufacture certain of our products outside of the United States. Increases in the cost of the materials we purchase, including as a result of diminished availability, increased tariffs and inflation or unfavorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates have increased and may in the future increase the prices for our products and negatively impact our results of operations and financial position. Further, our production has been and may in the future be impacted if we or our suppliers are unable to procure our requirements for various raw materials, including, among others, brass, copper, resins, titanium dioxide and zinc. Elevated energy prices have increased and may in the future increase our production and transportation costs. In addition, water is a significant component of our architectural coatings products and may be subject to shortages and restrictions on supply in certain regions, due to and other influences. These factors could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. It can be difficult for us to pass our cost increases on to our customers. Our existing arrangements with customers, competitive considerations and customer resistance to price increases may delay or make us unable to adjust selling prices. If we are not able to sufficiently increase the prices of our products or achieve cost savings to offset increased material, production, transportation and labor costs, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted. Increased selling prices for our products have led and may in the future lead to sales declines and loss of market share, particularly if those prices are not competitive. When our material costs decline, we have received and may in the future receive pressure from our customers to reduce our prices. Such reductions have had and could in the future have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. From time to time we enter into agreements with certain significant suppliers to help ensure continued availability of the raw materials, components and finished products we require and to establish firm pricing, but these contractual commitments may result in our paying above market prices during the term of the contract and may limit our ability to adjust our sourcing partners in the future. In addition, we may use derivative instruments, including commodity hedges. This strategy increases the possibility that we may forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in prices, which has had and may in the future have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 8 We are dependent on suppliers and service providers. We are dependent on third parties for our raw materials, many of our components and finished products and for certain services. Our ability to offer a wide variety of products and provide high levels of service to our customers depends on whether we can obtain an adequate and timely supply of these goods and services. Failure of our suppliers to timely provide us goods and services on commercially reasonable terms or to comply with applicable contractual, legal and regulatory requirements or our supplier business practices policy could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position or could damage our reputation. The operations of the third parties on which we depend have been and could in the future be impacted by: changing laws, regulations and government policies, including those related to climate change; cybersecurity breaches; labor availability; raw material shortages; energy availability; supply disruptions; and adverse weather conditions, pandemics, social or civil unrest, wars or conflicts and other force majeure events. Any of these factors could disrupt our third parties’ operations and result in shortages of supply, assertion of force majeure and increases in the prices charged to us for the raw materials, components and finished products they produce or services they provide. Sourcing these goods and services from alternate suppliers, including suppliers from new geographic regions, or our products as a result of supplier disruptions, can be and costly and could result in inefficiencies or delays in our business operations or could negatively impact the quality of our products. In addition, the loss of critical suppliers, or a substantial decrease in the availability of supply, has disrupted and could in the future disrupt our business and has had and may in the future have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. Many of the suppliers we rely upon are located in countries outside of the United States. The differences in business practices, shipping and delivery requirements and costs, changes in economic conditions and trade policies and laws and regulations, together with the limited number of suppliers available to us, have increased the complexity of our supply chain logistics and the potential for interruptions in our production scheduling. We have experienced and may in the future experience constraints on and disruptions to transporting our raw materials, components and finished products from our international and domestic suppliers as well as higher transportation costs. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply chain our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted. There are risks associated with our international operations and global strategies. In 2024, 20 percent of our sales were made outside of North America (particularly in Europe) and transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition to our European operations, we manufacture products in other locations, including Asia and Mexico and source products and components from third parties globally. Risks associated with our international operations include: • differences in culture, economic and labor conditions and practices; • differences in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights; • differences in the policies of the U.S. and foreign governments; • disruptions in trade relations and economic instability; • natural disasters, terrorist attacks, pandemics, wars or conflicts or other catastrophic events; • social or civil unrest; and • timeliness of transportation and port congestion or disruption. We have been and may in the future be negatively impacted by adverse changes or uncertainty involving one or more of the factors listed above. 9 We are also affected by domestic and international laws, regulations and government policies applicable to companies doing business outside of the U.S., or importing and exporting goods and materials. These include laws and regulations related to / , competition, data privacy, environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters, sanctions, tax, trade, including duties and tariffs, and other business practices. Compliance with these laws, regulations and government policies is costly, and future changes to these laws may require significant management attention and disrupt our operations. Additionally, while it is difficult to assess what changes may occur and the relative effect on our international tax structure, significant changes in how U.S. and international jurisdictions tax transactions could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Our results of operations and financial position are also impacted by changes in currency exchange rates. Unfavorable currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, the Chinese renminbi, the Canadian dollar, the British pound sterling and the Mexican peso, have in the past adversely impacted us, and could adversely impact us in the future. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may also present challenges in comparing our operating performance from period to period. The performance of our businesses relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented and diverse workforce. For our businesses to be successful, we must invest significant resources to attract, develop and retain highly qualified, talented and diverse employees, who have the experience, knowledge and expertise to implement our strategic and business initiatives. We compete for employees with a broad range of employers in many different industries, including large multinational firms. We have faced and may in the future face challenges in recruiting, developing, engaging and retaining employees, particularly when the labor market is experiencing low unemployment levels, increasing compensation and increasing competition. If we are unable to successfully implement our talent strategies, including attracting, developing, engaging and retaining key employees, building strong and diverse leadership teams, developing effective succession planning and successfully executing organizational change and leadership transition, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted. Extreme weather events and changes in climate could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Extreme weather events, such as severe winter and other storms, hurricanes, fires, floods, tornados and droughts, as a result of climate change or other factors, have negatively impacted and may in the future negatively impact our business. These types of events can be disruptive to our operations and may impact consumer spending. In addition, some of our suppliers are located in areas that have experienced extreme weather events which have impacted and may in the future impact the availability and cost of some of our raw materials, components and finished products. If the frequency or severity of extreme weather increases, we may experience interruptions to our operations, further impact on our supply chain, increased operating costs or loss or damage to our property or inventory, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Restrictive covenants in our credit agreement could limit our financial flexibility. We must comply with both financial and nonfinancial covenants in our credit agreement, and in order to borrow under it, we cannot be in default with any of those provisions. Our ability to borrow under the credit agreement could be affected if our earnings significantly decline to a level where we are not in compliance with the financial covenants or if we default on any nonfinancial covenants. In the past, we have been able to amend the covenants in our credit agreement, but there can be no assurance that in the future we would be able to further amend them. If we were unable to borrow under our credit agreement, our financial flexibility could be restricted. 10 Competitive Risks We could lose market share if we do not maintain our strong brands, develop innovative products or respond to changing consumer purchasing practices and preferences. Our competitive advantage is due, in part, to our ability to maintain our strong brands and to develop and introduce innovative new and improved products. Our initiatives to invest in brand building, brand awareness and product innovation may not be successful. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing innovative new and improved products, such as gauging changing consumer demands and preferences and successfully developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and servicing these products, may impact the success of our product introductions. If the products we introduce do not gain widespread acceptance or if our competitors improve their products more rapidly or effectively than we do, we could lose market share or be required to reduce our prices, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Our customers’ business models and strategies continue to change. As our customers execute their strategies to reach end consumers through multiple channels, they rely on us to support their efforts, including by maintaining our own robust and websites with sufficient content for consumer research, providing sufficient product data to support their websites and providing comprehensive supply chain solutions and differentiated product development and service offerings. If we are unable to successfully provide this support to our customers or if our customers are unable to successfully execute their strategies, our brands may lose market share, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Consumer preferences have also changed, including a shift in consumer purchasing practices toward e-commerce and a potential increase in consumer demand for products with certain attributes, such as connected products and sustainable products. If we do not timely and effectively implement our strategic and business initiatives related to these practices and preferences or identify and adequately respond to new changes, our relationships with our customers and with consumers could be harmed, our ability to retain our customers and consumers may be negatively impacted, the demand for our brands and products could be reduced and our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted. Damage to our public image and reputation could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Our public image and reputation are important to maintaining our strong brands. Our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted by a negative perception regarding our products or company practices, positions or public statements, even if unfounded, negative claims and comments in social media or the press or a data breach. Furthermore, stakeholders are increasingly scrutinizing companies' ESG practices, and stakeholders’ expectations regarding ESG practices are diverse and rapidly changing. We may not be able to align our ESG practices with such evolving expectations within the timeframes expected by stakeholders or without incurring significant costs. In addition, we may not be able to achieve our aspirational goals related to our ESG initiatives, which are and may continue to be impacted by many complexities and variables, such as renewable energy infrastructure and availability, a challenging economic environment, changes to our operations and changes to our portfolio of businesses via acquisitions or divestitures. A failure or perceived failure by us in this regard may damage our reputation and adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. 11 We face significant competition and operate in an evolving competitive landscape. Our products face significant competition. We believe that brand reputation is an important factor affecting product selection and that we compete on the basis of product features, innovation, quality, customer service, warranty and price. We sell our products through home center retailers, online retailers, distributors and independent dealers and rely on these customers to market and promote our products to consumers. Our success with our customers is dependent on, among other things, our ability to provide quality products with desired features at acceptable prices with timely delivery and a high level of customer service. Home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and remodelers, are increasingly selling directly to professional contractors and installers, which may adversely impact our margins on our products that contractors and installers would otherwise buy through our dealers and wholesalers. In addition, as home center retailers develop customer experience programs to attract and retain contractors and installers, they are relying on us to support their efforts. Such support has been and could continue to be and costly and these efforts may not be successful, which may impact our growth, results of operations and financial position. Certain of our customers sell products sourced from foreign manufacturers under their own private label brands, which directly compete with our brands. As a result of this trend, we have experienced and may in the future experience lower demand for our products or a shift in the mix of some products we sell toward more or opening price point products, which has impacted and may in the future impact our results of operations and financial position. In addition, we face competitive pricing pressure in the marketplace, including sales promotion programs, that could impact our market share or result in price reductions, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. The growing e-commerce channel brings an increased number of competitors and greater pricing transparency for consumers, as well as conflicts between our existing distribution channels and a need for different distribution methods. These factors have impacted and could in the future impact our results of operations and financial position. In addition, our relationships with our customers, including home center retailers, may be impacted if we increase the amount of business we transact in the e-commerce channel. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted. Our sales are concentrated with three significant customers and this concentration may continue to increase. In 2024, our net sales to The Home Depot were $3.0 billion (approximately 38 percent of our consolidated net sales), and our net sales to Ferguson and Lowe’s were each less than 10 percent of our consolidated net sales. These customers can significantly impact the prices we receive for our products and the terms and conditions on which we do business with them. Additionally, these customers have reduced in the past and may in the future reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase and could make significant changes in their volume of purchases from us. Although other retailers, dealers, distributors and homebuilders represent other channels of distribution for our products and services, we might not be able to quickly replace, or replace at all, the loss of a substantial portion of our sales to The Home Depot or the loss of all of our sales to either Ferguson or Lowe’s. Any such loss would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. In addition, our Behr business grants Behr brand exclusivity in the retail sales channel in North America to The Home Depot, and from time to time, certain of our other businesses grant product and/or brand exclusivity to our customers. The granting of exclusivity impacts our ability to sell those products and brands to other customers and can increase the complexity of our product offerings and our costs. 12 Technology and Intellectual Property Risks We are subject to cybersecurity attacks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more frequent, sophisticated and targeted attacks pose a risk to our information technology systems and to critical information technology platforms we utilize. We have implemented security policies, processes and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information and disruption of our operations. Despite these efforts, systems we utilize have been and may in the future be damaged, disrupted, ransomed or shut down due to cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized access, malware, ransomware, undetected intrusion, hardware failures, or other events, and in these circumstances our disaster recovery plans may be ineffective or inadequate. These attacks could have the following impacts on our business, some of which we have experienced: • business interruption; • damage to our relationships with our employees, suppliers, customers and consumers; • damage to the reputation of our brands; • data corruption; • exposure or loss of proprietary confidential or financial information or the personal information of our employees, suppliers, customers or consumers; • exposure to litigation; • inability to report our financial results in a timely manner; • increased costs associated with the remediation and mitigation of such attacks; • product shipment delays; • production or operational downtime; and • theft of our assets. In addition, we could be adversely impacted if any of our significant customers, suppliers or service providers experiences any similar events that disrupt their business operations or damage their reputation. Such events could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. We rely on information systems and technology, and a breakdown or interruption of these systems could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. We rely on many and information systems and technology to process, transmit, store and manage information to support our business activities. We may be adversely impacted if these information systems breakdown, fail, or if delays in system upgrades or replacements stretch those systems beyond support by service providers, including cloud platform providers. In addition to the consequences that may occur from interruptions in the current systems we utilize, we continue to invest in new technology systems throughout our company, including implementations of and upgrades to critical systems at our business units. System implementations and upgrades are complex and require significant management oversight, and we have experienced, and in the future may experience, unanticipated expenses and interruptions to our operations during these implementations and upgrades. Our results of operations and financial position, as well as the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, could be adversely impacted if we do not appropriately select, implement, maintain or upgrade our critical systems in a timely manner or if we experience significant unanticipated expenses or disruptions in connection with the implementation, upgrade or update of such systems. 13 We may not be able to adequately protect or prevent the unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Protecting our intellectual property is important to our growth and innovation efforts. We own a number of patents, trademarks and other forms of intellectual property in our products and manufacturing processes throughout the world. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights will prevent violations. Our intellectual property has been and may again be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected. In addition, the global nature of our business increases the risk that we may be unable to obtain or maintain our intellectual property rights on reasonable terms. Furthermore, others have asserted and may in the future assert intellectual property infringement claims against us. Current and former employees, contractors, customers or suppliers have or may have had access to proprietary or confidential information regarding our business operations that could harm us if used by them, or disclosed to others, including our competitors. Protecting and preventing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is costly, time consuming and requires significant resources. If we are not able to protect our existing intellectual property rights, or prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, sales of our products may be impacted and we may experience reputational damage to our brands, increased litigation costs and adverse impact to our competitive position, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Litigation and Regulatory Risks Claims and litigation could be costly. We are involved in various claims and litigation, including class actions, mass torts and regulatory proceedings, that arise in the ordinary course of our business and that could have an adverse impact on us. The types of matters may include, among others: advertising, competition, contract, data privacy, employment, environmental, insurance coverage, intellectual property, personal injury, product compliance, product liability, securities and warranty. The outcome and effect of these matters are inherently unpredictable, and defending and resolving them can be costly and can divert management’s attention. We have and may in the future incur significant costs as a result of claims and litigation. We are also subject to product safety regulations, product recalls and direct claims for product liability that can result in significant costs and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, create adverse publicity and damage the reputation of our brands and business. Also, we rely on suppliers to provide finished products and components for products that we sell. Due to the difficulty of controlling the quality of finished products and components we source from these suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such finished products and components and to limitations on our recourse against such suppliers. We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks of loss resulting from claims and litigation. The levels of insurance we maintain may not be adequate to fully cover our losses or liabilities. If any significant accident, judgment, claim or other event is not fully insured or indemnified against, it could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Refer to Note R to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information about litigation involving our businesses. 14 Our failure to comply with laws, government regulations and other requirements could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, including those relating to: • advertising and marketing; • / ; • climate change and protection of the environment; • competition; • data privacy; • employment and labor matters, including wage and hour matters; • environment, health and safety matters; • product safety and performance; • protection of employees and consumers; • securities matters; • sanctions; • taxation; and • trade, including duties and tariffs. In addition to complying with current requirements and known future requirements, we will be subject to new or more stringent requirements in the future. As we sell new types of products or existing products in new geographies or channels or for new applications, we are subject to the requirements applicable to those sales. Additionally, some of our products must be certified by industry organizations. Compliance with new or changed laws, regulations and other requirements, including as a part of government or industry response to climate change, may require us to alter our product designs, our manufacturing processes, our packaging or our sourcing or may result in restrictions on our operations. These compliance activities are costly and require significant management attention and resources. If we do not effectively and timely comply with such regulations and other requirements, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely impacted. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Cybersecurity risk is a part of our overall enterprise risk management assessment. Our cybersecurity program is modeled on the National Institute of Security Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF) which provides the governance structure for our identification of, protection against, detection of, response to and recovery from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including those associated with our use of applications and service providers. Key components of our cybersecurity program include: • an enterprise organizational framework that consists of enterprise leaders that oversee our cybersecurity governance, including policies and standards, and functional business unit leaders that implement our cybersecurity policies; • the identification of our cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities and the implementation of protections against cybersecurity threats and incidents, including regular training to our employees; • continual global threat monitoring and detection, in partnership with service providers; 15 • a process for assessing the severity of cybersecurity threats, identifying whether the cybersecurity threats are associated with a service provider, and implementing an appropriate response and resolution to cybersecurity incidents, as necessary; and • cybersecurity audits led by our internal audit function, which include cybersecurity control maturity assessments (based on NIST CSF), as well as attack simulations and penetration testing performed by service providers. Our Board of Directors has overall oversight responsibility for our enterprise risk management and compliance programs, including cybersecurity. Our Board is responsible for ensuring that management has processes in place designed to identify and assess cybersecurity risks to which we are exposed, implement the appropriate protections to address such risks, identify cybersecurity threats and respond to and resolve cybersecurity incidents. Management is responsible for identifying and assessing material cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis and for developing, managing and implementing our cybersecurity program to assure that our potential cybersecurity risk exposures are monitored and appropriate mitigation measures are implemented. Our cybersecurity program is overseen by our Vice President, Information Technology and our Director, Cybersecurity. Our Vice President, Information Technology has significant professional experience in leading the information technology function and our Director, Cybersecurity has held various roles in cybersecurity and is an ISC2 Certified Information Security Professional (CISSP ® ). Each periodically participates in various industry cyber forums and communicates industry best practices to the appropriate internal information security professionals. Our cybersecurity program is managed and implemented by a team of enterprise level and business unit level information security professionals, partnering with third party advisory services, as needed. The team’s focus is on our operational response to cybersecurity threats, exposure analysis, security governance and the design and implementation of our security controls. Our Incident Response Plan and attendant processes, developed by management, governs our process to respond to, remediate and resolve material cybersecurity incidents, including providing appropriate internal and external communication of such incidents. At least annually, our Vice President, Information Technology discusses with our Board a report on cybersecurity, including an update regarding our cybersecurity risks, mitigation activities and industry developments . In addition, our internal audit function provides regular updates to our Audit Committee on the results of our cybersecurity audits and related mitigation activities. In 2024, as part of our enterprise risk management update to our Board, our Vice President, Information Technology discussed risks and trends associated with information technology, including , and current and future planned actions to mitigate such risks. In addition, in 2024, our Vice President, Information Technology reviewed with our Board updates related to our operational and resource readiness with respect to cyber incidents, our incident response processes and emerging cybersecurity risks. In 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurances that we have not experienced an undetected cybersecurity incident. For more information about these risks, please see “Risk Factors – We are subject to cybersecurity attacks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial position” in this annual report on Form 10-K. 16 Item 2. Properties. The table below lists the number of principal North American properties as of December 31, 2024. Business Segment Manufacturing Warehouse and Distribution Plumbing Products 24 10 Decorative Architectural Products 9 14 Totals 33 24 Most of our North American facilities range from single warehouse buildings to complex manufacturing facilities. We own most of our North American manufacturing facilities, none of which is subject to significant encumbrances. A substantial number of our warehouse and distribution facilities are leased. The table below lists the number of principal properties outside of North America as of December 31, 2024. Business Segment Manufacturing Warehouse and Distribution Plumbing Products 12 15 Decorative Architectural Products — — Totals 12 15 Most of our international facilities are in Europe and China. We own most of our international manufacturing facilities, none of which is subject to significant encumbrances. A substantial number of our international warehouse and distribution facilities are leased. We lease our corporate headquarters in Livonia, Michigan, and we own a building in Taylor, Michigan, that is used by our Masco Technical Services (research and development) department. We also lease an office facility in Luxembourg, which serves as a headquarters for most of our foreign operations. Each of our operating divisions assesses the manufacturing, distribution and other facilities needed to meet its operating requirements. We regularly review our anticipated requirements for facilities and, on the basis of that review, have and may in the future, build, acquire or lease additional facilities, or expand existing facilities. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Information regarding legal proceedings involving us is set forth in Note R to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. f Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 17 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The New York Stock Exchange is the principal market on which our common stock is traded, under the ticker symbol MAS. On January 31, 2025, there were approximately 2,400 holders of record of our common stock. We expect that our practice of paying quarterly dividends on our common stock will continue, although the payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors. The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share in the first quarter of 2025 with the intention to increase the annual dividend 7 percent to $1.24 per share. Effective October 20, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase, for retirement, of up to $2.0 billion of shares of our common stock, exclusive of excise tax, in transactions or otherwise. We repurchased and retired 10.0 million shares of our common stock for the year ended December 31, 2024 for approximately $757 million, inclusive of excise tax of $6 million. This included 0.5 million shares to offset the dilutive impact of restricted stock units granted in 2024. At December 31, 2024, we had $896 million remaining under the 2022 authorization. The following table provides information regarding the repurchase of our common stock for the period ended December 31, 2024. Period Total Number Of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Common Share Total Number Of Shares Purchased As Part Of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Value Of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Plans Or Programs 10/1/24 - 10/31/24 1,069,651 $ 83.45 1,069,651 $ 1,075,395,662 11/1/24 - 11/30/24 1,090,788 $ 79.42 1,090,788 $ 988,760,389 12/1/24 - 12/31/24 1,179,967 $ 78.32 1,179,967 $ 896,349,195 Total for the quarter 3,340,406 $ 80.32 3,340,406 $ 896,349,195 18 Performance Graph The table below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of (i) the Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Stock Index ("S&P 500 Index"), (ii) The Standard & Poor's Industrials Index ("S&P Industrials Index") and (iii) the Standard & Poor's Consumer Durables & Apparel Index ("S&P Consumer Durables & Apparel Index"), from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024, when the closing price of our common stock was $72.57. The graph assumes investments of $100 on December 31, 2019 in our common stock and in each of the three indices and the reinvestment of dividends. The table below sets forth the value, as of December 31 for each of the years indicated, of a $100 investment made on December 31, 2019 in each of our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P Industrials Index and the S&P Consumer Durables & Apparel Index and includes the reinvestment of dividends. 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Masco $ 114.46 $ 146.32 $ 97.25 $ 139.57 $ 151.22 S&P 500 Index $ 116.26 $ 147.52 $ 118.84 $ 147.64 $ 182.05 S&P Industrials Index $ 109.01 $ 130.16 $ 120.91 $ 140.30 $ 162.25 S&P Consumer Durables & Apparel Index $ 118.41 $ 143.20 $ 99.47 $ 116.21 $ 108.09 Item 6. [Reserved] 19 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, our consolidated financial statements (and notes related thereto) and other more detailed financial information appearing elsewhere in this Report. Further, you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. See also “Cautionary Statement Concerning Statements” at the beginning of this Report. Amounts may not add due to rounding. Overview We design, manufacture and distribute branded home improvement and building products. These products are sold primarily for repair and remodeling activity and, to a lesser extent, new home construction. We sell our products through home center retailers, online retailers, wholesalers and distributors, mass merchandisers, hardware stores, direct to the consumer, professional contractors and homebuilders. We continue to pursue our strategy of driving the full potential of our core businesses, leveraging opportunities across our enterprise, and actively managing our portfolio. We remain confident in the fundamentals of our business and strategy. We execute our strategy by investing in our brands, developing innovative products, making capital investments, and focusing on continuous productivity improvement and operational excellence, among other initiatives. We believe that our strong financial position and cash flow generation, together with our investments in our branded building products, our continued focus on innovation and disciplined capital allocation, will allow us to drive growth and create value for our shareholders. We continue to leverage the Masco Operating System, our methodology to drive growth and productivity, and continuous improvement initiatives across our enterprise to identify additional opportunities to improve our business operations. From time to time, we may take actions to drive efficiency in the business focused on the strategic rationalization of our businesses, including business consolidations, plant closures, headcount reductions and other cost savings initiatives. Recent Trends Due to changing market conditions, we are experiencing, and may continue to experience, lower market demand for our products. We also have been experiencing, and may continue to experience, elevated commodity and other input costs, as well as cost inflation. We aim to offset the potential unfavorable impact of our elevated costs and lower demand for our products with productivity improvements, pricing, and other initiatives. Consolidated Results of Operations We report our financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). However, we believe that certain performance measures and ratios, used in managing the business, may provide users of this financial information with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior periods. These include the disclosure of net sales, operating profit and operating profit margins adjusted for certain items. performance measures and ratios should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our reported results under GAAP. We discuss our consolidated results as well as our Business Segment results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 versus December 31, 2023. A detailed discussion of our consolidated and Business Segment results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 can be found under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024. 20 NET SALES Below is a summary of our net sales, in millions, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Change Net sales, as reported $ 7,828 $ 7,967 (2) % Acquisitions (58) — Divestitures — (72) Net sales, excluding acquisitions and divestitures 7,770 7,895 (2) % Currency translation 32 — Net sales, excluding acquisitions, divestitures and the effect of currency translation $ 7,802 $ 7,895 (1) % Our net sales for 2024 were $7,828 million, which decreased two percent compared to 2023. Excluding acquisitions, divestitures, and the effect of currency translation, net sales decreased one percent. Our net sales for 2024 decreased primarily due to lower sales volume of North America plumbing products, lower net selling prices of decorative architectural products, and unfavorable sales mix of plumbing products which each decreased sales by one percent. These amounts were partially offset by higher net selling prices of plumbing products which increased sales by one percent. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Below is a summary of our results of operations, dollars in millions, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Change Net sales $ 7,828 $ 7,967 (2) % Cost of sales (4,997) (5,131) (3) % Gross profit $ 2,831 $ 2,836 — % Gross margin 36.2 % 35.6 % 60 bps Selling, general and administrative expenses $ (1,468) $ (1,473) — % Selling, general and administrative expenses of a percent of net sales (18.8) % (18.5) % (30) bps Impairment charge for other intangible assets $ — $ (15) (100) % Operating profit, as reported $ 1,363 $ 1,348 1 % Rationalization charges 9 13 (31) % Impairment charge for other intangible assets — 15 (100) % Insurance settlement — (40) (100) % Operating profit, excluding rationalization charges, impairment charge, and insurance settlement $ 1,372 $ 1,336 3 % Operating profit margin, as reported 17.4 % 16.9 % 50 bps Operating profit margin, excluding rationalization charges, impairment charge, and insurance settlement 17.5 % 16.8 % 70 bps 21 Our gross profit for 2024 was $2,831 million, which remained flat compared to 2023. Gross profit was negatively impacted by one percent due to the of the receipt of an insurance settlement payment in 2023, as well as unfavorable sales mix, and one percent each due to lower sales volume and unfavorable foreign currency translation. These amounts were mostly offset by cost savings initiatives and one percent due to higher net selling prices. Our selling, general and administrative expenses for 2024 were $1,468 million, which remained flat compared to 2023. Selling, general and administrative expenses were positively impacted by one percent each due to the divestiture of Kichler in the third quarter of 2024 and lower sales commissions, mostly offset by two percent due to higher costs. Our operating profit for 2024 was $1,363 million, which increased one percent, and was positively impacted by the of an impairment charge for other intangible assets in 2023. OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET Below is a summary of our other income (expense), net, in millions, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Interest expense $ (99) $ (106) 7 % Other, net (103) (4) (2,475) % Other income (expense), net $ (202) $ (110) (84) % Other, net included a loss on the sale of Kichler Lighting ("Kichler") of $88 million, inclusive of costs to sell, for the year ended December 31, 2024. INCOME TAXES Below is a summary of our income tax expense, in millions, and our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Income tax expense $ (287) $ (278) (3) % Effective tax rate (25) % (22) % (300) bps Our 2023 income tax expense included a $29 million state income tax benefit, net of federal expense, from the recognition of certain state deferred tax assets due to a legal restructuring of certain U.S. businesses that occurred in early 2024. This state income tax benefit did not recur in 2024. Refer to Note P to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. NET INCOME AND INCOME PER COMMON SHARE - ATTRIBUTABLE TO MASCO CORPORATION Below is a summary of our net income, in millions, and diluted income per common share for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Net income $ 822 $ 908 (9) % Diluted income per common share $ 3.76 $ 4.02 (6) % 22 Business Segment Results The following table sets forth our net sales and operating profit information by Business Segment, dollars in millions. Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net Sales: Plumbing Products $ 4,853 $ 4,842 — % Decorative Architectural Products 2,975 3,125 (5) % Total $ 7,828 $ 7,967 (2) % Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Operating Profit: Plumbing Products $ 911 $ 861 6 % Decorative Architectural Products 549 578 (5) % Total $ 1,460 $ 1,439 1 % General corporate expense, net (97) (91) 7 % Total operating profit $ 1,363 $ 1,348 1 % BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS DISCUSSION Changes in operating profit in the following Business Segment Results discussion exclude general corporate expense, net, and compares each respective period to the same period of the immediately preceding year. Plumbing Products Sales Net sales in the Plumbing Products segment were flat in 2024. In local currencies (including sales in currencies outside their respective functional currencies), net sales increased one percent in 2024. Higher net selling prices increased sales by two percent and the acquisition of Sauna360 Group Oy ("Sauna360") in 2023 increased sales by one percent. These increases were mostly offset by lower sales volume and unfavorable sales mix which each decreased sales by one percent. Operating Results Operating profit in the Plumbing Products segment in 2024 was positively impacted by cost savings initiatives and higher net selling prices, partially offset by higher commodity costs, unfavorable sales mix, lower sales volume and higher costs. Decorative Architectural Products Sales Net sales in the Decorative Architectural Products segment decreased five percent in 2024, primarily due to the divestiture of Kichler in the third quarter of 2024, lower net selling prices across the segment and lower sales volume of builders' hardware products, partially offset by higher sales volume of paints and other coating products. 23 Operating Results Operating profit in the Decorative Architectural Products segment in 2024 was negatively impacted by lower net selling prices and the of the receipt of an insurance settlement payment in 2023, partially offset by cost savings initiatives, the of an other intangible asset impairment charge in 2023 and lower sales commissions. Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview of Capital Structure Historically, we have largely funded our growth through cash provided by our operations, the issuance of notes in the financial markets, bank borrowings and, to a lesser extent, the issuance of our common stock, including issuances for certain mergers and acquisitions. Maintaining high levels of liquidity and focusing on cash generation are among our financial strategies. Our capital allocation strategy includes reinvesting in our business, maintaining an investment grade credit rating, maintaining a relevant dividend and deploying excess free cash flow to share repurchases or acquisitions. We had cash and cash investments of approximately $634 million at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. Our cash and cash investments consist of overnight interest bearing money market demand accounts, time deposit accounts, and money market mutual funds containing government securities and treasury obligations. While we attempt to diversify these investments in a prudent manner to minimize risk, it is possible that future changes in the financial markets could affect the security or availability of these investments. Of the cash and cash investments we held at December 31, 2024 and 2023, $321 million and $323 million, respectively, was held in our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were needed for our operations in the U.S., their repatriation into the U.S. would not result in significant additional U.S. income tax or foreign withholding tax, as we have recorded such taxes on substantially all undistributed foreign earnings, except for those that are legally restricted. Our total debt as a percent of total capitalization was 102 percent and 97 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note K to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. We believe that our present cash balance and cash flows from operations, and borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreement, are sufficient to fund our working capital and other investment needs. We believe that our working capital and other general corporate requirements will be satisfied through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from bank borrowings and future financial market activities. However, due to the changing market conditions and its impact on our customers and suppliers, we are unable to fully estimate the extent of the impact that the changing market conditions may have on our future financial condition. Capital Expenditures We continue to invest in our manufacturing and distribution operations to increase our productivity, improve customer service and support product innovation. Capital expenditures for 2024 were $168 million, compared with $243 million for 2023. The decrease in capital expenditures in 2024 was primarily due to capacity expansion plans in our Plumbing Products and Decorative Architectural Products segments in 2023. For 2025, capital expenditures, excluding any potential future acquisitions, are expected to be approximately $175 million. Depreciation and amortization expense for 2024 totaled $150 million, compared with $149 million for 2023. For 2025, depreciation and amortization expense, excluding any potential future acquisitions, is expected to be approximately $150 million. Amortization expense totaled $32 million in 2024, compared with $34 million in 2023. Credit Agreement On April 26, 2022, we entered into a revolving credit agreement (the “2022 Credit Agreement”) with an aggregate commitment of $1.0 billion and a maturity date of April 26, 2027. Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, at our request and subject to certain conditions, we can increase the aggregate commitment up to an additional $500 million with the current lenders or new lenders. See Note K to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 24 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain (A) a net leverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not exceeding 4.0 to 1.0, and (B) an interest coverage ratio, as adjusted for certain items, not less than 2.5 to 1.0. We were in compliance with all covenants and no borrowings were outstanding under our 2022 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2024. Borrowings On May 9, 2023, our Hansgrohe SE subsidiary entered into €70 million ($77 million) of borrowings to support working capital needs. The loans contained no financial covenants and the entire balance was repaid as of December 31, 2023. 364-day Term Loan On April 26, 2022, we entered into a 364-day $500 million senior unsecured delayed draw term loan (the "term loan") due April 26, 2023 with a syndicate of lenders. The term loan and commitments thereunder were subject to prepayment or termination at our option and the loans bore interest at SOFR plus a spread adjustment and 0.70%. The covenants, including the financial covenants, were substantially the same as those in the 2022 Credit Agreement. We repaid $300 million during 2022 and the remaining $200 million upon the maturity of the term loan on April 26, 2023. Corporate Development Strategy We expect to maintain a balanced growth strategy pursuing organic growth by maximizing the full potential of our existing businesses and, as appropriate, complementing our existing business with strategic acquisitions. In addition, we actively manage our portfolio of companies by divesting those businesses that do not align with our growth strategy. We will continue to review all of our businesses to determine which businesses, if any, may not align with our growth strategy. Acquisitions In the third quarter of 2023, we acquired all of the share capital of Sauna360 for approxim

[truncated]