BETA Close X Travis Perkins plc has announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Duncan Cooper, will be appointed as a Non-executive Director and Chair (designate) of Unite Group plc's Audit and Risk Committee, effective June 1, 2026, with the Audit and Risk Committee Chair role commencing August 31, 2026. Cooper will also join Unite's Nomination, Remuneration, and Sustainability Committees. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 24 February 2026 NOTIFICATION UNDER UKLR 6.4.9R(2) Travis Perkins plc ("the Company") Notification under UKLR 6.4.9R(2) 24 February 2026 In accordance with UKLR 6.4.9R(2), the Company announces that Duncan Cooper, its Chief Financial Officer, has been appointed by Unite Group plc ("Unite") as a Non-executive Director and as the Chair (designate) of Unite's Audit and Risk Committee. Duncan will also join Unite's Nomination, Remuneration and Sustainability Committees. These appointments all take effect from 1 June 2026. Duncan will then take over as Chair of Unite's Audit and Risk Committee on 31 August 2026. For further information, please contact: Will Lang Company Secretary Email: will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and