BETA Close X Travis Perkins PLC has announced that its Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday, 21 May 2026, at 9:30 am. The Notice of AGM and the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, which was published on 17 March 2026, are available on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 30 March 2026 Publication of Notice of Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 21 May 2026 Travis Perkins plc (the "Company") announces that its 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") will take place at 9.30 am on Thursday 21 May 2026 at Linklaters, 20 Ropemaker Street, London, EC2Y 9AR. The Notice of AGM is available to view and download on the Company's website at https://www.travisperkinsplc.co.uk/investors/shareholder-centre/general-meetings/?year=2026 The Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the "Annual Report") was published on 17 March 2026 and is available on the Company's website at https://www.travisperkinsplc.co.uk/investors/ A hard copy version of the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of AGM has been sent to those shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications. In accordance with UKLR 6.4.1 a copy of the Notice of AGM has been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . The Annual Report has been prepared using the single electronic reporting format specified in the TD ESEF Regulation. A copy of the Annual Report will also be uploaded to the National Storage Mechanism in unedited full text shortly and will then also be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . For further information please contact: Will Lang Company Secretary will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk +44 (0) 7468 713734 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and