BETA Close X Travis Perkins PLC announced that on April 5, 2026, Chief Financial Officer Duncan Cooper transferred 7,382 ordinary shares, acquired through the exercise of options under the 2023 DSBP, to his spouse, Beverley Cooper, for nil consideration. This transaction, classified as a transfer outside a trading venue, is being reported in accordance with UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 07 April 2026 Travis Perkins plc (the "Company") announces that on 05 April 2025 it was notified of the following transfer by the PDMR named below of Shares, acquired through the exercise of options, to the PDMR's spouse, who is a Person Closely Associated in respect of the PDMR (the "PCA") for nil consideration: Name Status Transfer date No. of shares to be transferred Duncan Cooper PDMR 5 April 2026 CFO Buyout Award of 2023 DSBP 7,382 This Notification is made in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, the Notification of Dealing Forms for the PDMR and PCA can be found below. For further information please contact: Will Lang Company Secretary will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk +44 (0) 7468 713734 Notification of Dealing Form - transfer to spouse by the PDMR 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Duncan Cooper 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status Chief Financial Officer/PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Travis Perkins plc b) LEI 2138001I27OUBAF22K83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and; (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 11.205105 pence each ISIN: GB00BK9RKT01 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of shares to spouse c) Price(s) and volume (s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 7,382 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume -Price Aggregate Price Aggregate Volume Aggregate Total n/a 7,382 n/a e) Date of the transaction 05 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Notification of Dealing Form - the PCA 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Beverley Cooper 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status PCA of Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Travis Perkins plc b) LEI 2138001I27OUBAF22K83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and; (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 11.205105 pence each ISIN: GB00BK9RKT01 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of shares from spouse c) Price(s) and volume (s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 7,382 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume -Price Aggregate Price Aggregate Volume Aggregate Total n/a 7,382 n/a e) Date of the transaction 05 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and