BETA Close X Travis Perkins PLC has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, following the release of its full-year results. The report is available for shareholders to view or download in PDF format from the company's website, and a hard copy will be sent to those who have elected to receive paper communications. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 17 March 2026 Travis Perkins plc (the "Company"): Publication of the Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Further to the release on 17 March 2026 of its full year results for the year to 31 December 2025, the Company announces that it has also published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the "Annual Report"). The Annual Report is now available to view or download in a pdf format from the Company's website. The direct link to view and download the Annual Report is: https://www.travisperkinsplc.co.uk/investors/annual-report-2025/ A hard copy version of the Annual Report will be sent to those shareholders who have elected to receive paper communications. For further information please contact: Will Lang Company Secretary will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk +44 (0) 7468 713734 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and