Director/PDMR Shareholding Travis Perkins PLC 23 June 2025 2025 PSP Awards The Company announces that on 19 June 2025 ("Grant Date"), awards in respect of ordinary shares of 11.205105p each in the Company ("Shares") were granted by way of conditional awards under the Travis Perkins Plc Performance Share Plan ("PSP") to the Company's Chief Financial Officer, Duncan Cooper ("CFO"), as follows: Name Status Type of Awards Number of conditional awards Duncan Cooper PDMR 2025 PSP Awards 214,592 The number of Shares subject to the conditional awards has been calculated using a share price of £6.208 (being the average market price of the Shares over the three dealing days immediately preceding the Grant Date). No consideration was paid for the grant of the awards. In the event that dividends are paid in the period between grant and the end of the holding period (described below), the number of awards will be increased to reflect the dividends that would have accrued had they been reinvested in shares. The awards are subject to performance conditions. Performance will be measured over a three-year period (2025-2027) and the awards will then vest to the extent the performance conditions are met. A two-year post-vesting holding period will apply to vested shares. More detail can be found in the Travis Perkins Annual Report and Accounts 2024 and in the Company's Directors remuneration policy available at www.travisperkinsplc.co.uk/about-us/governance/ , and the full rules of the PSP are available on the national storage mechanism. The Notification of Dealing Forms for the PDMR can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. For further information please contact: Kanchan Limaye Company Secretariat Assistant +44 (0) 7570 558431 Notification of Dealing Form 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/ person closely associated a) Name Duncan Cooper 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/Status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Travis Perkins plc b) LEI 2138001I27OUBAF22K83 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and; (iv) each place where transaction have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 11.205105 pence each ISIN: GB00BK9RKT01 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional awards over ordinary shares of 11.205105 pence each granted under the Company's Performance Share Plan at nil cost. c) Price(s) and volume (s) Price(s) Volume(s) NIL 214,592 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume -Price Aggregate Price Aggregate Volume Aggregate Total n/a n/a n/a e) Date of the transaction 19 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and