BETA Close X Travis Perkins plc has announced the redemption of its GBP 250,000,000 3.750 per cent. Guaranteed Notes due 2026, with the redemption date set for December 19, 2025. The notes will be redeemed at 100.00 per cent. of their principal amount plus accrued interest, funded by the proceeds from a GBP 125,000,000 private placement of notes issued on November 10, 2025. Following this redemption, the listing of these notes on the Financial Conduct Authority's Official List and their admission to trading on the London Stock Exchange will be cancelled. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 02 December 2025 NOTICE OF REDEMPTION AND CANCELLATION OF LISTING Travis Perkins plc (the " Issuer ") GBP 250,000,000 3.750 per cent. Guaranteed Notes due 2026 guaranteed by City Plumbing Supplies Holdings Limited, Keyline Civils Specialist Limited, The BSS Group Limited, Toolstation Limited, Travis Perkins (Properties) Limited, Travis Perkins Trading Company Limited and Wickes Building Supplies Limited (the "Guarantors") ISIN: XS2254262285 (the " Notes ") 2 December 2025 The Issuer hereby gives notice to the Noteholders that it has elected to redeem all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Condition 5(c) of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the " Conditions ") set out in Schedule 1 to the Trust Deed dated 17 November 2020 between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited. The outstanding Notes will be redeemed in full on 19 December 2025 (the " Optional Redemption Date "). The Notes will be redeemed at 100.00 per cent. of their principal amount, together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. The Notes will be repaid from the proceeds of the issuance of the GBP 125,000,000 private placement notes issued on 10 November 2025. The Notes, and the listing of the Notes on the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority and the admission of the Notes to trading on the main market of the London Stock Exchange plc, will be cancelled forthwith following the redemption. Capitalised terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Conditions. Issuer LEI Number: 2138001I27OUBAF22K83 For further information, please contact: Will Lang Director of Legal Services and interim Company Secretary Email: will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 5 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and