BETA Close X Travis Perkins plc reported a challenging first quarter for the three months ending March 31, 2026, with Group revenue down 1.7% on a like-for-like basis. The Merchanting segment saw a 2.3% like-for-like revenue decrease due to subdued construction activity, though market share was maintained. Toolstation UK performed well with 2.6% like-for-like revenue growth, driven by estate maturity and range evolution, while Toolstation Benelux experienced a 7.1% like-for-like revenue decline. The company remains focused on managing overheads, operational efficiencies, and capital discipline to strengthen its financial position. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 28 April 2026 28 April 2026 Travis Perkins plc, the UK's largest distributor of building materials, announces its first quarter trading update for the three months to 31 March 2026 The Group has continued to experience challenging trading conditions in the first quarter with Group revenue down (1.7)% on a like-for-like basis. In the Merchanting segment revenue was down (2.3)% on a like-for-like basis as construction activity levels remain subdued. Against this market backdrop these businesses are making progress in passing through manufacturer price increases and delivering further procurement benefits, whilst continuing to maintain market share in the General Merchant. The network change of (1.9)% reflects the disposal of Staircraft in 2025. Toolstation UK had a solid first quarter with like-for-like revenue growth of 2.6%. The business continues to see maturity benefits from its estate and is delivering further margin growth through the evolution of its range and offer. Toolstation Benelux had a challenging first quarter with like-for-like revenue down (7.1)%. Looking forward the Group remains focused on managing its overheads and identifying further operational efficiencies, whilst ongoing capital discipline and incremental cash generation opportunities are continuing to enhance the Group's financial position. Q1 2026 Merchanting Toolstation UK Toolstation Benelux Group Price and mix 1.0% 1.1% 1.7% 1.1% Like-for-like volume (3.3)% 1.5% (8.8)% (2.8)% Like-for-like revenue growth (2.3)% 2.6% (7.1)% (1.7)% Network changes (1.9)% 0.6% 0.1% (1.4)% Trading days - - - - Total revenue growth (4.2)% 3.2% (7.0)% (3.1)% Enquiries: Travis Perkins FGS Global Investor Relations Faeth Birch / Jenny Davey / James Gray Investor.relations@travisperkins.co.uk TravisPerkins@fgsglobal.com +44 (0) 207 251 3801 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Greggs 22 minutes ago Greggs 1 hour ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and