Travis Perkins

I wi

What the Group does

Our purpose

Here to help build better communities

and enrich lives.

The Group enables customers to build, repair
and maintain the buildings and infrastructure
that touch all of us, every day.

Contents

Strategic report Financial statements

2 Highlights 138 Independent Auditor's report
4° Overview 145 Consolidated income statement

6 Ataglance
8 — Chair's statement
10 Market overview
12 Investment case
14 Business model
16 Chief Executive's statement
18 Strategy
28 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
30 Sustainability report
50. Climate-related financial disclosure
64 Business performance and priorities
70 Financial review
74 — Statement of principal
risks and uncertainties
86 Non-financial and sustainability
information statement

Governance

88 Board of Directors

90 Corporate governance report

94 Section 172 statement

98 Nominations Committee report

101 Audit Committee report

106 Directors’ Remuneration report

134 Directors’ report

136 Directors’ statement of responsibilities

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

145 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

146 Consolidated balance sheet

147 Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

148 Consolidated cash flow statement

149. Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

191 Company balance sheet

192 Company statement of
changes in equity

193 Notes to the Company's
financial staternents

204 Five-year summary

Other information

205 ESG data report (including SASB data)
208 Other shareholder information

For more and the latest information please visit the
Group's website at: www.travisperkinsplc.co.uk

Purpose

Travis Perkins plc is a purpose-
driven organisation with its values,
commitment to ‘Doing the Right
Thing’ and goal of helping to build
better communities and enrich
lives, underpinning everything
the Group does.

p4

Markets

The Group's advantaged
businesses hold market-leading
positions in an attractive £73bn
market for construction materials
which has long-term structural
growth drivers.

plO

Strategy

Toolstation UK's platform

for growth, TF Solutions’
category expansion and
Managed Services’ unique
offering to the repairs and
maintenance sector illustrate
the Group's strategy.

el{s)

yoda: 218a}en5

3
a
3
3

vonewoyul ay

Sustainability

As sustainability continues to grow
in importance for stakeholders, the
Group is uniquely able to convene
the supply chain to collaborate and
co-create solutions, influencing
and supporting the sustainability
changes the construction

industry needs.

p50

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023, 1

Highlights

2023

A challenging year in weak market conditions,
with the Group driving actions to support profit

recovery and enhance cash generation.

2

Revenue

Adjusted operating profit

£4,862m

2022: £4,995m

Dividend per share

£180m

2022: £295m

Profit after tax

18.0p

2022: 39.0p

Net debt/adjusted EBITDA

£38m

2022: £192m

Return on capital employed

2.6x

2022: 1.8x

Graduated apprentices

6.3%

2022: 10.8%

Carbon emissions (kt of CO.e)

414

2022: 370

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

8,004

2022: 8,294

Protecting market position
in challenging conditions

« Progressive downturn in new
build housing and private
domestic RMI markets leading
to Group revenue 2.7% lower
than prior year

Combination of lower volumes,
overhead cost inflation and
rapid commodity price deflation
in H2 resulted in full year
adjusted operating profit of
£180m (2022: £295m)

Invested to protect and

build market positions with
market share gains in both
Toolstation and Travis Perkins
General Merchant

Transforming the operating model

to build a stronger business

‘Step change reduction in non-branch
cost base delivered with £35m.
annualised savings

Working on a plan for a potential exit
of Toolstation France; strategic review
of options for Toolstation Benelux

Optimising Benchmarx branch
network with focus on integrated
offer within destination

Continued rationalisation of legacy
Toolstation UK supply chain, following
successful opening of the new
Pineham distribution centre

Delivering profit enhancements.
through simplification of group
structures, lowering supply chain
costs and harnessing benefits
from new technology

Operating profit of £110m

(2022: £285m) reflects trading
performance and adjusting items of
£60m recognised in 2023, of which
around £16m is cash, related to
impairments in Toolstation France
and Benchmarx together with
restructuring actions

Enhancing cash generation
to support future
capital allocation

Reduced capital expenditure
requirements in near term,
£80m guidance for 2024

Review of working capital
opportunities underway

Refinancing completed,
supporting robust balance
sheet; no funding maturities
before 2026

In line with policy, 2023
proposed full year dividend
of 18.0 pence per share
(2022: 39.0 pence per share)

Tavis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

3

g
3

‘aauewsenog,

f wonewi0jU1 BNO | ‘Squawayers jeaueUty |

Overview

Purpose
To help build better communities

and enrich lives

Ambition

To be the leading partner to the
construction industry

ELEVATING
RELATIONSHIPS

aS AN

Strategy

The Group's strategy is to grow
- the share of its market-leading
businesses by offering customers
attractive propositions which
mean they spend more with the
Group. The Group seeks to elevate
customer relationships through the
addition of value-added services,
solving customer pain points and
moving up the value chain. In
addition, the Group is deepening
its customer relationships by
winning a greater share of customer
spend through the addition of
digital channels, new ranges and
relevant offers.

Professional trades
and general builders
‘Smaller customers who value
local relationships and who
serve domestic and light
‘commercial markets for

mostly RMI work.

Larger contractors
and developers
Larger and more complex
customers who serve local
and national markets, often
working in conjunction with
other contractors, suppliers

and specifiers to deliver new
build and RMI solutions across

residential, commercial and
infrastructure.

DEEPENING
RELATIONSHIPS

Sustainability priority
Decarbonising the industry

4 Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

g
a
8
g

aoueuianog,

Building for better

Changing the game Doing the right thing

Modernising Safety and wellbeing

construction .
Colleague voice

Sourcing Diversity, equity
responsibly and inclusion
Reward

Operating Charity and community

tainabl,
chitin Legal compliance

Developing the Modern slavery and
next generation human rights

TuoneW0yU1 uD | SsquaWayeI$ jeroUeUS if

e's

Values

The values reflect what matters
and how the Group does things.

y—] We care
We give our best
&) to be the best

VLRRY We're better
together >

Delivering shareholder value

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023 5

At a glance

Travis Perkins is the largest distributor ———
of building materials in the UK

A trade-focused Group, serving generalist and specialist trades with products
and services that are designed to help customers grow their businesses in
new and established markets.

’

Large and varied customer base Broad geographical spread in the UK
200k £4.9bn

Trade credit customers Revenue

Engaged colleagues in the UK and Europe Evolving branch network
19k 1,509

Colleagues . Branches

The Group's goal is to deliver exceptional customer service from advantaged
businesses operating from well-positioned networks in chosen geographies.
The Group offers a range of high-quality products and gives customers the
choice of a range of channels, fulfilment options and ways to pay.

Geographic split >) Product mix Channel

38%

Product mix

@ South-East 32% | @ Heavyside 48%
@ Midlands 24% |  @ Lightside 21%
@ North and Scotland 22% | @ Plumbing & Heating 19%
@ Wales and South-West 19% | @ Timber 12%
© Europe 3%

6 Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

The market-leading general
merchant, offering a destination for
heavyside products, complemented
by lightside convenience. Serving
general trades and specialist
contractors with 60% delivered
products from 622 national locations.
Contains a comprehensive tool

hire offer plus innovative Managed
Services solutions.

Market-leading supplier of
commercial and industrial heating
and cooling solutions, supplying
specialist contractors with a wide
variety of products from 69 branches

and two distribution centres. BSS
offers customers a tailored tool hire
service and contains TF Solutions, a
specialist provider of air-conditioning
products and heat pumps.

Offers customers an innovative
lightside proposition, With a wide
range of products available in-
branch and for next-day delivery,
long opening hours, a strong digital
offering and a committed customer
service ethos, Toolstation is changing
the purchasing experience of trade
and DIY customers. Toolstation
operates from 570 branches across
Great Britain and is growing quickly in
the Netherlands, Belgium and France.

68 to see more

ee

Distributes insulation and interior
building products from 36

branches to contractors throughout
Great Britain. CCF supports the
construction and renovation of both
domestic and commercial buildings
with service and specialist knowledge.

Go to page 66 to see more

Acivils specialist, Keyline supports
housebuilders, groundworkers and
infrastructure contractors to build and
redevelop facilities which are vital to
the nation. Delivering heavy products
from 42 branches in a safe and
accurate manner, Keyline works as

a partner to its specialist customers
and is developing new areas of
expertise in roads and highways.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

7

yoda: 31a}eng

?
3
2
s
3
3

uoWeUOJUI BUI,

Chair’s statement

Distributions to shareholders

In 2021 the Group laid out clear guidance on shareholder
returns and | am pleased to reiterate those principles here.
The Group will deliver returns to shareholders by:

- Achieving the best earnings number available,

given market conditions and in accordance

with our values and long-term views.

Paying out 30-40% of those earnings each

year as an ordinary dividend.

Ensuring that we fund this through strong cash conversion,

disciplined capital allocation and remaining within our

published leverage targets of 1.5-2 times net debt/EBITDA.
2023 was a challenging year for the Group as a combination
of macroeconomic uncertainty, progressively weakening end
market demand, sharp defiation on commodity products and
overhead inflation made business planning difficult, weighing
heavily on the Group's earnings performance during the
year. Whilst some good progress has been made against our
strategic priorities, management's primary focus is now to
drive efficiencies through the transformation of the Group's
operating model and prioritise capital allocation to support
the recovery of profitability and reduction of leverage in the
medium term.
Taking into account all of these factors, | am confident that we
are taking the right decisions to drive profit recovery, enhance
cash generation and strengthen the business for the long term,
and for 2023 the Board recommended a final dividend of 5.5.
pence per share (2022: 26.5 pence per share) to give a full year
dividend of 18.0 pence per share (2022: 39.0 pence per share),
in line with the Group's previously communicated policy.
This reduction reflects the reduction in earnings and the
Board's clear commitment to ensuring that the Group
swiftly returns leverage to the target range.

Go to page 12 to see more

Dynamics impacting the Group’s
end markets resulted in 2023

being a difficult year with earnings
down notably, but | am confident that
we are taking the right decisions to
drive profit recovery, enhance cash
generation and strengthen the
business for the long term.

Jasmine Whitbread
Chair

| ended my statement in the 2022 review with a thought on how it would
be very hard to predict the shape of the UK economy in 2023 and what
level of recovery, if any, we would see in the construction sector. During
the last year we have seen a number of dynamics impacting the Group's
end markets that have resulted in 2023 being a difficult period with
earnings down notably which is reflected in the Group's share price.

‘At a macroeconomic level, persistently higher consumer inflation,
leading to elevated interest rates has resulted in a pronounced slowdown
in the new housebuilding market. In addition, deflationary pressures on
commodity products and a sustained slowdown in the domestic RMI
market have led to declining revenues throughout the year.

Throughout 2023 the Group's businesses have adapted to address
near term trading conditions while continuing to build a stronger
business for the future and ensuring that we balance the needs of
our investors, customers, suppliers and colleagues. Stronger and
more urgent focus on using customer data to help retain and win
back customers helped protect and grow our market share, while
the modernisation of branches and processes in the Travis Perkins
General Merchant contributed to efficiencies.

In September, the Group held a Toolstation UK Capital Markets Update
The update set out the pathway for the Toolstation UK business to
deliver £1bn of revenue at a high single digit operating margin by

2027. We shared the Group's confidence in the underlying economic
model and the platform we have created for future profitable growth.
Toolstation UK is integral to the Group as a highly complementary offer
for UK tradespeople with an excellent opportunity to continue to grow
share in a large and fragmented market.

People and culture

Our colleagues adapted to changing market conditions, embracing
new technology and processes to deliver better customer service.
Recognising the importance of a skilled workforce in delivering great
customer service and expertise, the Group updated its knowledge,
learning, and development offering via a new learning management
system called Thrive, complementing its industry-leading
apprenticeship programme.

8 Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

There was continued focus on colleague voice and engagement.

A Group-wide engagement survey was completed, yielding a score

of 73, two points higher than in 2022 and the external benchmark.
Louise Hardy assumed the role of the designated workforce engagement
Non-Executive Director. Externally, the Group a founding member of The
Construction Inclusion Coalition (CIC), focusing on raising standards for
equity, diversity, and inclusion, particularly regarding gender
representation in its first year.

Board and leadership

During the course of the year we have been able to inject new and relevant
public company and industry experience and perspectives to the Board
managing anticipated Executive and Board changes.

Jez Maiden was appointed to the Board in June as a Non-executive and
Senior Independent Director. Jez brings significant public company and
diverse industry experience.

After nearly nine years as Non-executive Directors, Pete Redfern

and Coline McConville stepped down from the Board in December.
Coline and Pete's departure necessitated changes to the membership
of the Board’s Committees and other responsibilities which are set out
on pages 88 to 89.

Alan Williams retired as Chief Financial Officer and stepped down
from the Board in January 2024 after seven years in the role. In July
the Board announced the appointment of Duncan Cooper, to succeed
Alan and Duncan started with the Group on 9 January 2024. Duncan
has industry experience from his time as Chief Financial Officer at
Crest Nicholson ple and retail experience from roles at J Sainsbury ple.

In addition to a strong finance background he has experience in
corporate communication, strategy, design and implementation
of large scale technology change.

My thanks to Pete, Coline, and Alan for their significant contributions
and service to the Group and a warm welcome to Duncan and Jez.

After 20 years with the Group Chief Operating Officer, Frank Elkins
decided to leave the Group to pursue other leadership opportunities.
The Executive Leadership team under Nick Roberts was further
strengthened by the appointment of Dave Castle as the new managing
director of BSS, Dave was previously Regional Managing Director for
South West and Wales in the Travis Perkins General Merchant business.

Dave's move to BSS, Angela Rushforth’s move to Toolstation in March
2023 and James Mackenzie's move to Travis Perkins General Merchant
demonstrate the Group's ability and intention to cross fertilise ideas and
to develop senior leadership talent.

Summary and looking forward

A recovery in the UK construction sector is unlikely to gather any
momentum before the UK general election is concluded with the
Group's customers, large and small, inevitably waiting to see if there
is a post-election government stimulus package for the sector and
also seeking clarity on the future direction of interest rates.

Mindful of these challenges, management is planning for another year
of weak demand, with decisive actions taken with regards to overheads

and cash management actions. Lead indicators and customer feedback
will be closely monitored to inform further actions during the year. | am

confident that we are taking the right decisions for 2024 and beyond.

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023

yoda: 21Ba}eig

apueuianog,

2
3
3
2
Pa
8
Fi
3
3

uoneUojU J2yIQ,

Market overview

The Group operates in a £73bn market

The market for construction materials is approximately £73bn
with £56bn coming through distribution channels. The Group
serves four major end markets, with half of revenues coming from
private domestic housing and the balance being split between the
commercial and industrial market and the public sector.

Private domestic and new build Private domestic repair, maintenance
and improvement (‘RMI’)

Market mix Market mix
23% 16%
Group revenue mix Group revenue mix
17% 55%
Growth drivers: Growth drivers:

+ Growth in the UK's population
+ A shortage of housing

+ Sales incentives and support for first-time buyers

+ Ongoing desirability of home ownership over renting

Disrepair of housing stock

ECO+ Requirement for retrofit and cladding
remediation works

Need for decarbonisation and improvement
for EPC ratings in the rented sector

Reconfiguring homes for more space and

| home-working es

Cost of moving and shortage of new homes has

given rise to a ‘Don't move, improvel’ trend

The market mix and market size figures are based on 2022 data,
The Group mix figures are based on 2023 Group estimates,

10 Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2023