Travis Perkins plc

Leading partner
to the construction
industry

Annual Report and Accounts 2022

ma

THURSDAY

A16 22/06/2023 #8
COMPANIES HOUSE

Our ambition

To be the leading partner
to the construction industry |

Who we are

We're here to help build
better communities and
enrich lives. We enable our
customers to build, repair
and maintain the buildings
and infrastructure that touch
all of our lives every day.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Contents

Strategic report Financial statements

2 Highlights 122. Independent Auditor's report
4 Chair's statement 129 Consolidated income statement
6 Overview 129 Consolidated statement of

8 Ataglance comprehensive income

10 Investment case 130 Consolidated balance sheet

12 Market overview 131 Consolidated statement of

14 Business model changes in equity

16 Strategy 132 Consolidated cash flow staternent
26 Key performance indicators (KPIs) 133 Notes to the consolidated

28 Chief Executive's statement financial statements

30 Sustainability report 171 Company balance sheet

50 Climate-related financial disclosure 172 Company statement of

62 Section 172 statement changes in equity

66 Business performance and priorities 173 Notes to the Company's

71 Financial performance financial statements

75 — Statement of principal risks 182. Five-year summary

and uncertainties
82 Non-financial information statement

Other information

184 ESG data report
186 Other shareholder information

Governance

84 Board of Directors

86 Corporate governance report

91 Nominations Committee report

93 Audit Committee report

98 Directors’ Remuneration report

117 Directors’ report

120 Directors’ statement of responsibilities

For more and the latest information
please visit our website a
ewe travisperkinsple.couk

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

yodas 218a}e05, |

aaveureno5

syuawaiels jeroueuty

Goneuiopa FRO 1

Highlights

2022

Revenue growth Adjusted EPS Basic EPS

8.9% 946p 90.8p

2021: 24.0% 2021: 1073p 2021: 103.9p

Revenue Covenant net debt Return on capital employed
m m %e

£4995m £279m 10.8%

2021: £4,587m 2021; £87m 2021: 14.1%

Adjusted operating profit Profit after tax

2021; £353m 2021: £241m

Financial highlights

Robust revenue growth with elevated levels of | * Proactive cost actions to deliver benefits of

materials cost inflation diligently managed around €25m in 2023
+ Adjusted operating profit of £295m, * Good cash conversion at 67%. Lease-

impacted principally by lower year-on-year adjusted leverage (net debt / EBITDA)

property profits and a £15m charge relating of 1.8x remains comfortably within

to restructuring activities in Q4 target range

Adjusted earnings per share of 94.6p, with * Total ordinary dividend increased to
lower operating profit partially offset by 39.0p per share (2021: 38.0p per share)
reduced share count

2 Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Operational highlights

* Solid performance in the Travis Perkins * Toolstation returned to good growth in H2

General Merchant, with further share gains, after tough prior year comparatives in H1.
driven by focus on enhancement of digital Significant investment in expanding
capability and expansion of value-added infrastructure in the UK and Europe

services primarily across Hire, Benchmarx
kitchens and Managed Services

Positive progress on sustainability targets,
notably a 34% reduction in Scope 1& 2
Continued strong performance from carbon emissions during the year

the Group's specialist distributors: BSS,

Keyline and CCF. Staircraft now integrated

and enhancing the Group's housebuilder

proposition

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

3

yoda: 2182205,

aaueuren05

sivawareis jeoueury

woreuiop aH |

Chair’s statement

Distribution to shareholders

In 2021 the Group laid out clear guidance on shareholder
returns and | am pleased to reiterate those principles here,
The Group will deliver returns to shareholders by:

- Achieving the best earnings number available given
market conditions and in accordance with our values
and long-term views

= Paying out 30-40% of those (adjusted) earnings each
year as an ordinary dividend.

- Ensuring that we fund this through strong cash
conversion, disciplined capital allocation and remaining,
within our published leverage targets of 1.5-2 times
net debt / EBITDA.

We have achieved these goals and announced a final
dividend of 26.5p pence per share which, when combined
with the interim dividend paid in November 2022 of 12.5p
per share, will result in a total distribution of €82m for 2022.

In addition to this, the Group completed the return to
shareholders of the proceeds from the sale of the Plumbing
and Heating Division in 2021. A total of £321m has now
been returned, comprising the special dividend of £78m
and a share buy-back of £71m in 2021 and a further share
buy-back of £172m in 2022, keeping the Group in the
middle of our leverage target range.

Goto page 15 to see more

Section 172 statement

Working together with our stakeholders towards shared goals
is part of how we deliver long-term sustainable success.

Go to page 62 to see more

4 Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

It brings me great pleasure to
introduce the Annual Report for
2022. It has been a challenging year
for businesses and many people in
our society and | am proud that
Travis Perkins has shown character
and resilience throughout the year.

Jasmine Whitbread
Chair

Introduction

Ithas been a challenging year for business in 2022 as the full
implications of the war in Ukraine have become apparent. The bright
start to the year seems a long time ago and we have needed to adapt
toa period of significant inflation and more cautious end markets.
This has led to a difficult period for the share price, albeit one which
has been sector and market wide. Throughout 2022 we have needed
to remain focused on the fundamentals of the model laid out at our
Capital Markets Update in September 2021 and | am proud of the
response across the Group. We have taken the right decisions to

help our customers, care for our people and be fair to our suppliers.
Our Purpose and Valves guide us through difficult times and this has
given the Group a clear direction and sense of the right things to do.

People and Culture

The Group continued efforts building a culture of healthy sustainable
performance, one where its 20,000 colleagues are successful
individually and as a team, and are working together to create

a fully inclusive and healthy workplace

As | have visited the operations | have observed how the refreshed
Group values have been developed, launched and integrated into our
language and are also being demonstrated in actions and behaviours
across the Group. Colleagues were at the heart of the development of
the updated values, which reflect every part of the business and every
colleague group. In a year of great workforce and workplace challenges
the Group has rightly maintained keen attention on colleague voice
and engagement. A group-wide engagement survey was completed
and colleagues participated in the ESG materiality assessment.

Pete Redfern continued as the designated workforce engagement
Non-executive Director and his colleague listening focus was on drivers
and new starters. Key feedback themes have included safety, belonging,
equal opportunity, customer focus and corporate citizenship. Further
progress on diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) has been evident with
continued improvement in overall gender balance and the extension

of existing family policies,

Di

idend per share

Total cash to shareholders

39.00p £254m

Board and Leadership

1am pleased to report further strengthening of the Board and Executive
Leadership Teams.

In January 2023 we welcomed Louise Hardy to the Board, increasing
the range of experience and talent available to help steer and shape
the Group. A civil engineer by background, Louise has wide-ranging
experience across the construction sector from the delivery of major
projects at the London 2012 Olympics through to the governance of
large businesses in the sector in her role as Non-executive Director at
Balfour Beatty plc and Crest Nicholson pic. In addition to her business
roles, Louise is a keen volunteer within the industry as a STEM
ambassador and diversity champion. Louise will make a broad
contribution to the Group and we look forward to working with her,

The Executive leadership team under Nick Roberts continues to deliver
experienced and high-quality leadership through the challenging
macroeconomic conditions. | have been impressed by the way that
the Executive team has risen to the challenge of leading the agenda
on a variety of issues that support the need to change our industry.

In January 2023, the Group announced that Kieran Griffin, Managing
Director of Travis Perkins would leave the Group after 28 years of
valued service, to be replaced by James MacKenzie, currently the
Managing Director of Toolstation. James’ role at Toolstation will be filled
by Angela Rushforth, who is currently Managing Director of BSS. | look
forward to working with these talented individuals in their new roles.

Decarbonising our industry

The Group has demonstrated its ambition to play a leading role in the
creation of a more sustainable construction industry with investments
in skills, knowledge and capabilities to support the modernisation and
decarbonisation of the sector. The integration of ESG into the Group's
strategy is driving a number of commercial-opportunity-led initiatives
directly addressing customer needs in reducing waste and in reporting
and reducing their carbon use. In 2022 positive progress was made
against existing carbon reduction targets and the Group set interim
targets for buildings, fleet and Scope 3 emissions engagement by 2027.

Summary and looking forward

I take two perspectives in looking forward. Firstly, from a macro
perspective it is hard to look forward without some uncertainty. At the
time of writing it is difficult to predict the shape of the UK economy in
2023 and the route it will take to recover from the current low point.
The second perspective I take is on whether the Group is in good shape
to meet and overcome these challenges. Here | am confident,
convinced that we have the right strategy, the right skills and the
high-quality leadership to ensure we win and grow our share of an
exciting and attractive market.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

5

‘B2UeWIaA0D | yodas 2/3a)en5.

siuawaiers je;oueUlj )

vonewsoju! ay1Q |

Overview

Our purpose

We're here to help build better
communities and enrich lives

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Our ambition

To be the leading partner to
the construction industry

Sustainability Priority

Decarbonising the industry

Building for better

Changing the game

Modernising Sourcing

construction responsibly
Operating Developing the
sustainably next generation

Doing the Right Thing

~
Safety and wellbeing | Colleague voice
Diversity, equity and inclusion | Reward

Charity and volunteering | Legal compliance

Modern slavery and human rights

Our strategy

(Our strategy is to grow the share of our market-leading businesses by
offering our customers attractive propositions which means they spend
more with the Group. We seek to elevate our customer relationships
through the addition of value added services, solving customer pain
points and moving us along the value chain. In addition we are deepening
our relationships by winning a greater share of customer spend, through
the addition of digital channels, new ranges and highly relevant offers.

ELEVATING
RELATIONSHIPS

Professional Larger
trades and OUR contractors

neral id
Buiders (STRATEGY) 4. etopers

DEEPENING
RELATIONSHIPS

Our values

Our values reflect what matters to us and how we do things.

WE GIVE OUR BEST
TO BE THE BEST

WE'RE BETTER
TOGETHER

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

yoda) Bens, ]

‘oUeUsaNOD |

squawayers je!oueUly |

{VOHeW70jU! BIO )

Ata glance

in the UK

Large and varied

Travis Perkins is the largest
distributor of building materials

A trade-focused Group, serving generalist and specialist trades
with products and services that are designed to help customers to
grow their businesses in new and established markets.

Broad geographical

Engaged colleagues in

Evolving branch

-

customer base spread in the UK the UK and Europe network
200k £5bn 20k ~= 1,488
Trade credit customers Revenue Colleagues Branches

Merchanting ] Toolstation |

The market-leading general merchant,
offering @ destination for heavyside
products, complemented by lightside
convenience. Serving general trades
and specialist contractors with 60%
delivered products from c. 550 national
locations. Contains a comprehensive
Hire offer plus innovative Managed
Services solutions.

Distributes insulation and interior
building products from just under

40 branches to contractors throughout
Great Britain. Supports the new build
and renovation of both domestic and
commercial buildings with service and
specialist knowledge.

© Goto pages 68-69 to see more

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

Market-leading supplier of commercial
and industrial heating and cooling
solutions, supplying specialist
contractors with a wide variety of
products from over 50 branches and
two bespoke distribution centres. Offers
customers a tailored Hire proposition
and contains TF Solutions, a specialist
provider of air-conditioning products.

Acivils specialist, Keyline supports
housebuilders, groundworkers and
infrastructure contractors to build and
redevelop facilities which are vital to

the nation. Delivering heavy products
from over 40 branches in a safe and
accurate manner, Keyline works as a
partner to their specialist customers
and is developing new areas of expertise
in roads and highways and Hire.

Offers customers an innovative
lightside proposition. With a wide range
of products available in-branch and for
next-day delivery, long opening hours, 2
strong digital offering and a committed
customer service ethos, Toolstation is
changing the purchasing experience of
trade and DIY customers. Toolstation
operates from over 550 branches
across Great Britain and is growing
quickly in the Netherlands, Belgium
and France.

Go to page 70 to see more

Our goal is to deliver exceptional customer service from advantaged

businesses operating from well positioned networks in our chosen

geographies. We offer a range of high quality products and give customers
the choice of a range of channels, fulfilment options and ways to pay.

Geographic

split

eC

© South East 32% @ Heawyside 48%
© Midlands 24% @ Lightside 22%
© North and Scotland 22% @ Plumbing & Heating 7%
@ Wales and South West 20% © Timber 13%
@ Europe 2%

Channel Payment method

100%

100%

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2022

9

yodas 28a,e05 |

2oueU/8A05

sivausaieis je!oueUlj

woneuniopa TNO 1

10

Investment case

The Group’s ambition is to
be the leading partner to
the construction industry

A compelling investment proposition

01. .-~=——_—C 02 03

Well-invested businesses with — Long-term structural Merchanting returns

market leading positions growth drivers driven by network
investment and value
added services

04 O05 06

Substantial Toolstation Robust balance sheet Attractive returns
growth potential providing financial flexibility for shareholders

Travis Perkins pte Annual Report and Accounts 2022