j tam

Building for the future

Getting the
fundamentals right

The Covid-19 pandemic has acted as a catalyst for
change in our business and has provided the
opportunity to accelerate some of our strategic initiatives
to strengthen the core of the business and position us
well for the future.

The impact of the pandemic meant that our 2020
financial performance was lower than in 2019, but
we have demonstrated great resilience.

Getting it right for our:

Colleagues, customers,
suppliers and
shareholders

Customers - see page 16
Strategy - see page 18
Suppliers - see page 65
Colleagues - see page 66

< G06

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

Other information

www.travisperkins.co.uk
wwwtoolstation.com
www.benchmarxkitchens.co.uk
www.bssindustrial.co.uk
www.ccfitd.co.uk

www.keyline.co.uk

www.wickes.co.uk
www.cityplumbing.co.uk
www.theunderfloorheatingstore.com

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 1

© What's in our report

Strategic report
Governance
Financial statements
Other information

75
121
189

Strategic report Governance
3 Financial performance 76 Board of Directors
4 Ataglance 78 Chairman's introduction

6 — Chairman's statement

8 Chief Executive's report

12 Investment case

14 Market dynamics

16 Business model

18 Our ambition & strategy

24 = Strategy in action

26 Key performance indicators (KPIs)

28 Business performance and priorities
32. Merchanting
34 Plumbing & Heating
35 Toolstation
36 Wickes highlights

40 Financial performance

44 Statement of principal risks and
uncertainties

52 Sustainability overview

71 — Section 172 statement

73 Non-financial information statement

79 Corporate governance report
84 Nominations Committee report

87 Audit Committee report

93 Directors’ Remuneration report

97 Remuneration Policy report

105. Annual Remuneration report

117 Directors’ report

19. Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

122 Independent Auditor's report

131 Consolidated income statement

131 Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

132 Consolidated balance sheet

133 Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

134 Consolidated cash flow statement

135. Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

179 Company balance sheet

180 Company statement of changes in equity

181 Notes to the Company's financial
statements

Other information

190 Five-year summary
192 Other shareholder information

Throughout the Strategic Report, and consistent with prior years, alternative performance measures (‘APMs") are
used to describe the Group's performance. These are not recognised under IFRS or other generally accepted
accounting principles (‘GAAP"). The Board manages and assesses the performance of the business on these
measures and believes they are more representative of ongoing trading and facilitate meaningful year-on-year
comparisons and hence provide useful information to shareholders. APMs are defined in the notes to the financial
statements and reconciled to the closest GAAP measure.

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

© Financial performance

Like-for-like revenue

(71%)

2019: 3.8%

Revenue

£6,158m

2019: £6,956m

Adjusted operating profit

£22/m

2019; £442m

Covenant net debt

£40m

2019: £344m

Loss after tax

£22m

2019: profit after tax £123m

Strategic report

Governance
Financial statements

Other information

Adjusted EPS Return on capital employed
42.4p 5.5%
2019: 1127p 2019: 10.1%

© Operational highlights
- Continued progress on strategic agenda

across digital enablement, customer

fulfilment, process simplification and

branch network rationalisation despite the
challenges of Covid-19

Toolstation's strong outperformance of the
market maintained with like-for-like growth
of 22.2%. Branch rollout continues at pace
in the UK and Europe

Robust second-half recovery in
Merchanting and P&H driven by repairs,
maintenance and improvement demand

- Wickes taking market share with
like-for-like growth of 5.5%. Demerger
process recommenced

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 3

At a glance

Travis Perkins is the largest distributor of building materials
and products in the UK, serving a broad range of end
markets from generalist to specialist propositions in the
building, construction and home improvement markets

Large and varied Broad geographical Engaged colleagues in Mature branch
customer base spread in the UK the UK and Europe network
200k £6.26n 29k 1,976
Trade credit customers Revenue Colleagues Branches

543 branches

<
2

8 : 5,400 colleagues
2 ' £0.6bn revenue
e

2

2 H

o i

$ : 846 branches

2 11,700 colleagues

: £3.1bn revenue

354 branches
3,500 people
£1.1bn revenue

233 branches
8,300 colleagues
£1.4bn revenue

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

Other information

The Group's strategic aim is to deliver best-in-class

service to trade customers, through businesses
with clear competitive advantages and
strong, market-leading positions

© Focus on the trade

One of Europe's fastest growing suppliers of tools, accessories
and building supplies to trade and DIY customers, through a
market-leading multi-channel offering

The UK's largest network of builders merchants, supplying
building materials, tool hire and kitchen products to trade
customers ranging from sole traders to national housebuilders

Suppliers of specialist solutions to main contractors and
subcontractors in the residential, infrastructure, commercial and
industrial construction sectors

An integrated branch network with online capability supplying installer
and contract customers with an extended range of plumbing and
heating products, including its successful own-brand ranges

Digitally-led, service-enabled, home improvement business,
with sales split almost equally between DIY, small trade
customers and installed Do It For Me projects

Regional split

e South-East: 31%

North & Scotland: 25%
Midlands: 24%

e Wales and South-West: 20%

Product mix

Plumbing & heating: 36%
Heavyside: 32%

ightside: 19%

Timber: 13%

Distribution
Collect: 40%
Deliver: 60%

Cash or credit

| Cash: 40%
| Credit: 60%

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Chairman’s statement

“lam enormously proud of the role the
Group has played and the attitude
shown by our colleagues in responding
to the Covid-19 pandemic. This resilience,
driven by the values we hold, will stand
the Group in good stead for the future”

Introduction
It is with great pleasure that | introduce the
Annual Report for the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2020. As | prepare to
hand over the Chair to Jasmine Whitbread at
the end of March it brings the opportunity to
reflect back on what has been an
extraordinary year for al of us. The most
important message | wish to convey is one of
sincere gratitude for the commitment and
energy that al the people across the Travis,
Perkins Group have shown in responding to
the challenges of the Covid-19 pandemic and
in playing their vital part in keeping the
Stuart Chambers construction industry supplied. | am
Chairman enormously proud of the role the Group has
played and the attitude shown by our
colleagues and I firmly believe that this
resilience, driven by the values we hold, will
stand the Group in good stead for the future.

Performance
The safety of everyone who interacts with us,
most often our colleagues, customers and
suppliers, is of paramount importance to the
Group. In 2020 we faced the challenge of
working safely whilst adapting to the
requirements of Covid-19 and amended our

eo business models. This has been difficult, with
the five fatal accidents involving our

businesses providing a stark reminder of the
risks we can generate for ourselves and
others. Whilst there have been areas of

important progress, it is clear to me that in

2020 we cid not always meet the high
m standards we set for ourselves and are rightly

thoughtful about how we can improve our

2019: £344m safety performance.

Covenant net debt

Return on capital employed Ina year of considerable uncertainty
containing two lockdowns the Group

produced a creditable performance. Total
(eo) Group revenues were down 11% but this
e (.) masks significant progress in meny areas

driven by digital innovation and strong
2019: 10.1% customer propositions in both the DIY and
the trade home improvement markets.

‘Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Ona statutory basis operating profit reduced
to £77m (2019: £232m) reftecting the costs
of the restructuring programme necessitated
by the pandemic. Adjusted operating profits
decreased by 49% to £227m, with all
businesses impacted, although Wickes and
Toolstation delivered highly resilient
performances due to their digitally enabled
‘business models and exposure to the DIY
and local trade market segments.

Strategy

In March 2020 we announced the
postponement of the Wickes demerger
process due to the Covid-19 pandemic. This
was unavoidable but, due to the hard work
and the advanced state of preparedness of
the process, the Group is confident that this
can be successfully concluded in April 2021.
Wickes is in excellent shape to prosper as @
stand alone business and the demerger is
consistent with the strategic agenda
announced in December 2018 for the Group
to focus on majority-trade businesses.

The Board and Executive leadership team
have considered carefully the potential
changes to the construction and distribution
industries and are developing a strong
‘agenda to maintain the leading positions of
our advantaged trade focused businesses.
The Group has also focused on the shorter
term “Strengthening the Core” phase,
particularly on IT and digital development.
The staged modernisation of core IT systems
has the potential to untock significant
opportunities for the Group and therefore
remains a key priority.

Board and Leadership
Given the postponement of the Wickes
demerger process, | was delighted that Chris
Rogers was able to serve for an additional
year on the Board of Travis Perkins. He will
step down at the 2021 AGM to take up the
Chairmanship of Wickes plc and once again |
would like to thank him for his seven years of
service on the Travis Perkins Board.

In March 2020, Pete Redfern stepped up to
the role of Senior Independent Director
following six years’ service on the Board. | am
confident that Pete's experience will be
invaluable to Jasmine as she takes over as Chait.

In addition, John Rogers has taken over as
chairman of the Audit Committee and Pete
Redfern, Marianne Culver and Blair
Iingworth joining the Audit, Remuneration
and Stay Safe Committees respectively.
Furthermore, Blair assumed chairmanship of
the Stay Safe Committee from 1 January 2021.

In 2020, Nick Roberts also announced that
he was broadening the membership of the
Group Leadership Team ("GLT") to include
the operational leaders of each major
business unit. This is significant move to
ensure connectivity and enhance
collaboration between business and
functional leaders across the Group.

Dividend

The Group has maintained a consistent
approach to its dividend policy over many
years. However, it was inevitable that the
Covid-19 pandemic should force the
prioritisation of cash management to the top
of the agenda. The Board recognises the
importance of dividend distributions and
intends to reinstate dividend distributions in
2021, assuming there is no further
deterioration in the external environment.

Summary and looking forward
As | prepare to step away, | am delighted to
be able to hand over a Group that is in good
shape to continue to grow and prosper. The
underlying markets which we serve remain
fundamentally strong and, whilst the path
back to full recovery is hard to predict
accurately, there are enough indications to
build confidence that the construction sector
will recover quickly and grow over the course
of the economic cycle. With Brexit finally
settled and a path out of Covid-19 becoming
clearer, the need to build and update
residential dwellings and to invest in
infrastructure development provides a route
back to sustainable growth. The Group is well
placed to capitalise on these opportunities
and, whilst we retain a cautious outlook in the
near term, the delivery of the initiatives within
our gift will support market outperformance
and value growth over the medium term

Governance

Financial statements

Other information

Driven by our values -
reshaping our purpose

(>) Cornerstones

Our values - the Comerstones - are
the foundations of culture and life in
Travis Perkins Group. They shape the
way we think and act and our conduct
towards colleagues, customers and
suppliers.

~ Upholding family values

- Keeping people safe

- Making decent returns

- Working for our customers
~ Being the best

Through Covid-19 the Cornerstones
have acted as our guide, showing us
the way and pointing to where we
must try harder.

Purpose

We are currently at work reshaping our

purpose and look forward to sharing

this over the course of 2021 It will

contain the elements that make the

Group what it is today:

~ Our heritage, proudly serving
customers since 1797

~ Our values
- Our trade focus

- Our commitment to sustainability
and net zero carbon in 2035

- Our experiences from the Covid-19
pandemic, helping keep the nation
warm, dry and secure

- Our ambition and where we want to
take the Group

These factors are embedded into the
fabric of our Group, they make us
what we are and will help us become
who we want to be.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 7

Chief Executive’s report

“| reflect on 2020 with great pride
in the commitment, professionalism
and tenacity of all our colleagues
across the Group and their
determination to support our
customers, suppliers and the
communities.”

Nick Roberts
Chief Executive Officer

i)

Revenue

£6,158m

2019; £6,956m

Adjusted operating profit

£227m

2019: £442m

Teavis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Introduction

As | reflect on perhaps the most challenging
year in our history | do so with great pride in
the commitment, professionalism and
tenacity of all our colleagues across the
Group. Their determination to support our
customers, suppliers and the communities
which we serve throughout the pandemic has
ensured the nation's critical infrastructure has
remained operational and our homes safe,
warm and dry at a time when we needed it
most. Furthermore, the courage of all
colleagues through successive periods of the
pandemic has enabled the construction
industry, a vital part of the national economy,
to continue safely.

Despite the challenge of 2020, | am proud of
the resilient performance we have delivered
across our Group. We have shown great
agility and versatility in adapting our working
practices and operating models, providing
new channels through which to serve our
customers and reshaping our businesses to
suit the changing demnands of our markets.

Safety
The Group's safety culture has beri
carefully developed over many years, is
represented clearly in our values and is @
source of pride to our colleagues. This
aspect of our culture ensures that the safety
and well-being of our colleagues remains
our top priority, and it guided, especially
through the ongoing pandemic

We are highly conscious that as our operating
models and ways of working changed, the
‘isk profile of our activities also changed.
Colleagues and customers were focused on
moving and working differently and were
distracted and fatigued by managing the
impacts of Covid-19. This resulted in an
increase in injuries and a total of five fatalities
during the year which are associated with the
operations of our businesses. This is an
unacceptable position to all of us and one
which is driving careful consideration of our
safety culture and our ability to provide a safe
environment irrespective of the conditions
under which we operate. This is and will
remain an area of focus over the years ahead.

Working in partnership
The pandemic required a national effort to
ensure the safety and well-being of everyone
in society, with building material merchants
and distributors playing a vital role in
ensuring our communities remained safe,
warm and dry. As an industry leader we
worked closely with the UK Government, the
Builders Merchants Federation and the
Construction Leadership Council to ensure
that safe working practices and protocols
were developed at pace for the construction
industry, enabling activity to continue during
the pandemic. We also worked closely with
our communities to support existing medical
and community facilities and enable the
construction of temporary facilities that aided
the vulnerable.

Our place in society

Whilst it was appropriate to focus our efforts
on ensuring the safety and well-being of our
colleagues, customers and suppliers during
the year as we navigated the challenges of
the pandemic, we also progressed our
broader Environmental, Social and
Governance ("ESG") agenda which ensures
that we continue to be a responsible and
leading employer upholding the values for
which we are known.

We developed and launched a new Code of
Conduct and implemented policies and
minimum standards to support the Group's
‘businesses diversity and inclusion, people
development, sustainable products and
services and responsible sourcing.

We have set the objective of being net zero
carbon by 2035 for Scope 1 and 2 emissions,
and by June 2021 we will set a target for

reducing Scope 3 indirect emissions from the
creation and use of our products

Staying close to our colleagues in a year
where we were forced to maintain a physical
distance was one of our top priorities. Our
weekly “check-in” surveys, with over 35,000
responses during the year, have given us
great insight and enabled us to support our
colleagues in the right ways, including
significant steps to protect mental health. We
have also enhanced our family leave policies,
as well as ensuring that our front-line
colleagues received pay increases and
recognition for their great work.

Ina year that has been difficult for the
employment market, we have pushed on
with our apprenticeship programmes, taking
on 783 apprentices and plan for an
additional 1,000 in 2021. All of these
changes will help us build a more diverse
workforce for the future.

Restructuring the business
From late March to summer 2020, the
Group's performance was significantly
impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic, Faced
with ongoing disruption and uncertainty, we
took the tough but necessary decision to
deliver a major restructuring programme to
accelerate planned network changes and
reduce the Group's cost base. The recovery in
the second half of the year has been
extremely encouraging and has
demonstrated the agility and resilience of the
Group's portfolio of businesses.

In keeping with our focus on simplifying the
Group's structure and operating model, |
have made significant enhancements to the
Group Leadership Team ("GLT") over the
year, with the goal of enhancing our capability
and talent as well as enabling agile decision
making, sharper operations and better
communication across the Group.

The simplified management structure meant
that the GLT was restructured to include all
operating company Managing Directors and
Frank Elkins was appointed to the new role of
Group Chief Operating Officer. We welcomed
new appointments to the GLT: Emma Rose as
Group HR Director, Catherine Gibson as CCF
MD, Dave Evans as Managing Director of our
Plumbing & Heating business, Dean Pinner
as Keyline MD and Phil Tenney as Group
Chief Information and Technology Officer.

inancial statements

Other information

Our year in review

©

Adjusted operating profit down
49% as the Group was impacted
by Covid-19 pandemic

Our digitally-enabled businesses,
Wickes and Toolstation, have
made significant market share
gains during the year

Toolstation rollout continues at
pace with 60 new branches in
2020

Tough but decisive actions taken to
restructure the business that have
accelerated planned network
changes

Strong second-half recovery after
the disruption of the initial
lockdown. Merchant and Plumbing
& Heating businesses have shown
their resilience

Wickes demerger recommenced
and aiming for completion in
Q2 2021

Portfolio simplification continues
with the sale of Primaflow F&P
and Tile Giant

Regular Twitter
updates to keep
‘our customers
informed and
connected

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020 9

Chief Executive’s report continued

“Our colleagues’ determination to
support the customers, suppliers and
communities we serve throughout the
pandemic has ensured the nation’s
critical infrastructure has remained
operational and our homes safe, warm
and dry at a time when we have needed
it most.”

10

Progress against strategic initiatives
Although operational efforts have been focused on managing the
implications of the pandemic, our teams have also been able to
make excellent progress on a number of key initiatives supporting
our strategic objectives of simplifying the Group and focusing on
our trade customers.

Toolstation delivered another outstanding performance,
providing further evidence of the strength of the customer
proposition. Changes during the year to rapidly increase the
capability of both the IT infrastructure and the distribution
operations demonstrated the agility of the model and provided
further encouragement to push on with the rollout of the
Toolstation model with 60 new branches in the UK and 17
more across France, Belgium and the Netherlands.

The Merchant businesses, despite substantial disruption from the
initial lockdown, were able to make good progress on strategic
plans, particularly around simplifying commercial structures and
refining our pricing architecture, which will drive future benefits.
Our new delivery management system, which is rolling out across
CCF;Keyline and Travis Perkins, will both optimise route planning
and also enable our customers to track their deliveries.

We successfully developed new digital capabilities and deployed
tools to help our customers secure the materials they need and to
help our colleagues efficiently run their operations. Clearly this is
an area of huge potential and will rightly require our ongoing focus
and investment.

We have also taken further steps to simplify the Group's portfolio
of businesses with the sales of both Primaflow F&P and Tile Giant
during the year. It remains our intention to sell the Plumbing &
Heating business when market conditions are supportive but in
the meantime our focus is on improving the business.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2020

Wickes demerger
lam pleased to be able to confirm that the process to emerge
has recommenced with the aim of completing in Q2 2021, The
Wickes digitally-led model has proved highly effective during the
pandemic and the business is in great shape to embark on its
journey asa standalone entity.

Outlook

The long-term fundamentals of the Group's end markets remain
robust as a result of ongoing demand for new housing and the
underinvestment in the repair, maintenance and improvernent of
the existing UK housing stock. This is further underpinned by the
UK government's adoption of stimulus measures such as Green
Homes Grant schemes and Help to Buy, plus longer term
commitments to infrastructure investment.

End markets recovered well during the second half of 2020 with
robust RMI activity outstripping a lag in the commercial and
housebuilding sectors. Performance to date in 2021 has followed
a similar trend despite the stricter lockdown conditions.

The Group continues to focus on strengthening its core business
and investing to develop a modern merchanting proposition that
will leave the Group well placed to continue to outperform its
markets and generate value for shareholders.