SEPARATOR SHEET

Customer Number/Name RAVES Pevlems,

COMPANIES HOUSE BARCODE |

Qn

WEDNESDAY

*AF.
A06 3/06/2021
COMPANIES HOUSE

upset

Leveraging

a,
aes ee

conmuuce rmaicarstrinens onenseomaron «|

CONTENTS
' Strategic report Financial statements
2 2025 highlights 104 Independent Auditor's report
4 Overview 115 Consolidated income statement
6 Ataglance 116 Consolidated statement of
8 Chairs statement comprehensive income
10 CEOs statement 117 Consolidated balance sheet
12 Market overview 118 Consolidated statement of
13 Business model changes in equity
14 Ourstrategy ‘119 Consolidated cash flow statement
15 Key performance indicators 120 Notes tothe consolidated
16 Operating review financial statements
22. Financial review 15 Company balance sheet
26 Sustainability report 156 Company statement of
52 _ Statement of principal risks changes in equity
‘and uncertainties 157. Notes tothe Company's
60 Non-financial and sustainability financial statements
information statement 162 Five-year summary
Governance Other information
62 Board of Directors 166 ESG dota report (including SASB data)
"E 64 Corporate Governance report 169 Other shareholder information
. 68 Section 172 statement

71 Nominations Committee report
74 Audit Committee report

1400+ 8 ssa

branches 102. Directors statement of esponsiblties
c.17000
colleagues Subject guide

- Customers.
@mu Ora. Gad

conacae

Travis Perkin ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

C2 ——sremeacaroer coveawice raMcnL sire ort omTEN

2025 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.

2025 adjusted operating profit
at £145m with a significantly
enhanced financial position.

Revenue let debt/adj TDA ———__—éReturn on capital empl
FA565m £135m ie 53%

Op = E176 480-6345

2024: 427

2025 OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Business performance stabilised

+ Group tike-for-tk revenue growth of 03%, with the
sharper competitive proposition in H2 offsetting the
impact of operational chalenges atthe start ofthe year

+ Adusted operating prot of 135m (2024: £152),
rellecing lower margins in Merchanting

+ trong progress in Toolstation UK with adjusted operating
prof increasing 29% to 244m

+ Proactive management of overheads o mitigate cost
inflation ad increased employer national insurance,
with significant restructuring of central and regional
roles in 2025

+ Operating loss of £97m (2024: profit of £2) reflecting
the trading performance and adjusting items of £222m
(€8m cash tems) elated to impairments of Toolstation
Benelux, CCF and specific Merchanting branches; the
sale of Streaf: and restructuring actions

+ Gavin Slrkoined the Group asa sectorexperinced
£0 on 1 January 2026

‘Strong focus on cash generation and strengthening

the balance sheet

+ Net cash before leases of 1m driven by £136m working
capital info, proceeds from the divestment of Starcraft
and a disciplined approach to capital expenditure

+ Over £800m of liquidity headroom through cash
holdings (£427m) and undrawn committed facilities
(€390m)

+ £250m bond ful refinanced with investment-grade
US private placement notes. No significant refinancing
requirements until 2028

‘Travis Perkins ple Anruat Report and Accounts 2025,

O4 —sramzccreronr covenunce rNMEALSTANENTS _OTHERAFORMATON

OVERVIEW

Focused on providing customers with everything they need
for their building projects, when and where they need it.

Strategic opportunities

The breadth, reach and scale of the Group
puts it in a unique position to supply

the entire UK construction industry and
be customers first choice for building
materials and tools

The strength of the Group's bélance

sheet gives the necessary resilence and
firepower to underpin our competitiveness.
against a challenging market backdrop.

Travis Perhine ple Anal Report and Accounts 2025

Customer focused

The Group's market-leading businesses
serve customer needs from well-located
branches, where operations are
underpinned by safety and sustainability,
and where customers are offered excellent
service with a wide range, high-availability,
delivery options, finance solutions and
value-added services.

We have fantastic brands and
locations, complemented by
a resilient and committed
workforce who want to see
us back at our best.

Gavin Slark

CEO

Employees

c17000

Number of branches

1400+

OUR STRATEGY FRAMEWORK

STRATEGIC REPORT GOYERNANCE

rommcarstarcvens omernromaron OD

MEETING CUSTOMER NEEDS LEVERAGING SCALE

+ Six leading businesses
construction markets
mpowerment to
men and the general

An efficient and sustainable

operating model:

+ Leading the market ina responsible

+ The best people in the industry

+ Technical, sustainable solutions fi
forpurpose

+ Focused capital deployment

Digital capability
Main contractor and de
Value creation from property portfolio

The Group's values: Doing the right thing:
+ Wecare + Safety and wellbeing

+ We give our best tobe the best + Diversity, equty and inclusion
+ Were bette together + Reward

+ Legal compliance

® ®
a &

Tavis Perkins ple Anaval Report and Accounts 2025

OG —_stameorcneront covemunce rRANcAL STATEMENTS OTNRIFORMATION

AT AGLANCE

Travis Perkins plc is the largest
distributor of building materials
in the UK.

Travis Perkins pl isa trade-focused group, serving generalist and specialist trades with products and
services that are designed to help customers grow their businesses in new and established markets.

The Group's goal isto deliver exceptional customer service from advantaged businesses operating
from well-positioned networks on a national scale

‘The Group offers a range of high-quality products and gives customers the choice ofa range of
purchasing channels, delivery options and ways to pay.

id Fe:
6) Ve
x NU BE,

empowerment
We are focused on building to serve small
flexible, responsive and tradesmen and the »
entrepreneurial local general builder \

businesses that provide
value-added services to
our trade customers.

Geoff Drabble
Chair

Number of branches

Best locations

™ 1400+

‘Teale Perkins ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2025,

Merchanting

Ortravis Perkins

‘The UK's market-leading general builders
‘merchant, offering a destination for heavyside
products complemented by lightside
convenience. Serving general trades and
specialist contractors with the building
materials they need, when and where they
‘need them, rom 579 national locations.
Contains a comprehensive tot hire offer,
innovative Managed Services solutions and

a kitchen design and supply ofer, branded

as Benchman.

SKeyline

A civis specialist, Keyline is #1 in its market
‘and supports housebuilders, groundworkers
‘and infrastructure contractors to build and
redevelop facilites, which are vital to the nation.
Delivering heavy products from 41 branches
ina safe and accurate manner, Keyline works
88 a partner toits specialist customers and is
developing new areas of expertise in roads
‘and highways.

666

Market-leading supplier of commercial and
industrial heating and cooling solutions,
supplying specialist contractors with a wide
variety of products from 54 branches and two
distribution centres. BSS also offers customers
a tailored tool hie service.

Efeorions

TF Solutions is a leading UK wholesaler and
distributor of airconditioning, refrigeration
{and heat pump equipment and installation
materials. Providing national coverage from its
16 locations, technical support, and delivery
services to trade professionals.

ccr

CCF distributes insulation and interior building
products from 37 branches to contractors
throughout Great Britain. #2 in its market, CCF
‘supports the construction and renovation of
bboth domestic and commercial buildings with
service and specialist knowledge.

i Toolstation

Toolstation is #2 in its market in the UK and

offers customers an innovative lightside
proposition from 590 branches across the UK
‘and 109 in Benelux. With a wide range of products
‘availabe in branch and fo next-day delivery,
‘offering long opening hours, a strong digital
offering and a comrritted customer service
ethos, Toolstation is changing the purchasing
‘experience of trade and DIY customers.

‘STRATEGIC REPORT

muon sures onenacomuaron 7

‘Serving the construction industry

200+ years

© Wales and South West 2%
© Noth and Scotland 2%
© Eerope Es
Product category

© Heavyside am
© Lghiside 2%
© Plumbing & Heating 2%
© Timber Forest 10%
Payment mix

es

Gm] 20%.

Fulfilment channel
Cr) 4%
Gate }

59%

‘Teavis Perkins ple Annus Report ond Accounts 2025,

08

[STRATEGIC REPORT

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

GOveRNANcE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS _OTHERINFORMATION

We have great brands, capable people,
a unique portfolio of businesses and the
best locatio

“rave Perkins ple Annual Report and Accounts 2025

NS

When I was appointed as Chair of
Travis Perkins plc in 2024 | saw this
as a business with many inherent
strengths and great potential, but
which had made short-term tactical
missteps. The experience of 2025
has only reinforced this: we have
great brands, capable people, a
unique portfolio of businesses and
the best locations in the industry.

Leadership

This year started with the sad and unexpected
‘news that Pete Redfern was stepping down as CEO
due toil-health. He eft with our best wishes for

his recovery. During the period of uncertainty this
created | worked closely wth the Group Leadership
“Team as we continued the work of refocusing the
Group on our customers and aur operations, and
this hands-on involvement helped me to get to
know the Groups businesses better.

| was delighted to announce in May 2025 that
Gavin Slark would be our new CEO Gavin sees
‘reat potential for our business and brings
Unsivalled experience in our industry, with a long and
distinguished career in the building materials sector

n the industry.

in the UK and Europe including 11 years at Grafton
plc and five years as CEO of our own 8SS business
before it was acquied by the Group.

Performance

The immediate task atthe start of 2025 was to
align all parts of the business behind a clear and
achievable strategy that prioritised customer
service. We putin place more business-focused
‘operating teams and filled key positions. We
instigated a numberof targeted sales promotions,
reintroduced local incentive schemes and removed
distractions that took us away from trading, These
were all sensible operational steps that are part of
setting us up for future success.

(Over the course ofthe year we were able to put the
challenges of implementing new systems behind
us, with further Oracle enhancements deployed in
the second half ofthe year to enhance direct sales
functionality and flexibly. There was a focus across
the Group in 2025 on reducing colleague turnover
to give greater front-line stably

| was pleased with how our teams responded 10
the challenge of building top-line momentum and
‘egaining market share in the Merchanting business,
with the Group returning to revenue growth and our
‘operating performance stabilising, This isa resilient
‘business with resilient colleagues and they have

shown that with fewer distractions and a clear focus
(on trading they will deliver excellent service, gain
customers and win orders.

Balance sheet

(One ofthe highlights of 2025 has been our cash
‘generation and the reduction in leverage and | am
thankful to everyone involved in this effort. In the
short term our balance sheet strength allows us to
invest in core areas such as feet updates and older
parts ofthe property estate. In the longterm, the
ably of this business to generate cash, combined
with good discipline on capital allocation and
‘overheads, wil let us take advantage of commercial
‘opportunities and deliver shareholder returns. The
‘Travis Perkins Group is behaving like the market
leader again and we have a great balance sheet to
‘benefit when the market inficts

Market and outlook

“The market was tough in 2025 and the strength
{and timing of any recovery in UK construction
activity remains uncertain, We are not assuming
any help from the market in 2026 and, with a
‘new leadership team and operational MDs in
place, we have the opportunity and ability to make
improvements in a number of areas that are
within our contrl. Regardless ofthe backdrop, we
are focused on building exible, responsive and
entrepreneurial local businesses, supported by

Clear focus
on trading

worte-class central functions that diferentate us
from cur competitors and where we provide

valze-added services to our trade customers. \
{1am confident that we are taking the right decisions lam delighted with how our teams | J
tode iver a robust performance in 2026 end look ‘
for ard to working with Gavin the Boacd and the responded to the challenge of building

\esders in this business to achieve this. top-line momentum and regaining market

Geafi Drabble share in the Merchanting business. H

Chair Geoff Drabble \
16 March 2026 Chair \

Travis Peching ple Ann Report and Accounts 2025,