& Accounts 2018

Highlights

EG/4im | profit performance - well
positioned in uncertain

Wikesforslikefrevenuelerowth] ang
AQ%

Adjusted qaarcting oreitt Mikerforlixerevenveerowth

Adjusted operating profit
excluding properly, profits

rAdjusted earnings peyshare

Peasevedjusted ROCE|

Operating (loss) '//profit}

(Uoss)'//profit before. taxation)

Dividend Ipemshare) Basic, (loss)'earnings'perishare
BB Strong Group revenue growth of, 4.8% and.4.9%
° [D Ex Continued, marketoutperformance in Contracts division and,
BVAdjusted operating profitdeclined,by,1'3%whilevadjusted,- BS orew)
By)3.200

Adjusted, operating profityexcluding property, pronts grew, by,10. 27)
Rar isvectone heli ciihetesrtandercinred reccesceta cont

reduction activities

Ee Adjusting items)includesta non-cash impairment of, 246m against
the‘goodwillimWickestand restructuring Costs across,the,Group)

ME ullzyeartotal dividend]increased.by/2:2%1t0.47 Op peyshare
[Good}progressthas,beemmade onithe strategic actions setroutyin)

[Decemberf2018lincludingysimplificatontroughitherremovel ofthe,
divisional 'structureaboveythe merchant businesses}

E20 19.adjusted operating profiexpectedyto,be similartov2018)

suresvare vsed,10 provide a guide ig underlying per foumnanc
Jung imin the Derlormanice teviewson pages’ i

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT

4 Divisional structure

6 — Chairman's statement

8 Simplifying our Group to create value
16 Chief Executive's statement

18 Performance review

34 Statement of principal risks and uncertainties
42 Our people

45 Charities and communities

46 Cornerstones

47 Keeping people safe

50 Environmental sustainability

GOVERNANCE AND REMUNERATION

56 The Board of Directors

59 Corporate governance report

66 Audit Committee report

72 Directors’ remuneration report

90 Nominations Committee report

92 Directors’ report

96 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

98 Independent auditor's report
106 Financial statements

116 Income and Expenses
126 Assets and Liabilities

142 Capital

152. Risks

159 Group Structure

165 People

169 Other

173

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

174 Five-year summary
176 Other shareholder information

Strategic

4

(EMER Chairman'sistatement]

[8M SimolifyinqrougGroupltrcreatewvalue)
HG IEChief[E xecutive’sfstatementy

IS Maer formancelreview)

[3.49 Statementjofprincipaltriskstandjuncertainties)
@ Onpaps

Pas chartiestangcommuntics

&

(4 7 <cepina/people|safe)
fEnvironmental(sustainabilityy

Travis Perkins plc Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Divisional structure
The Groups businesses are organised
and managed through four divisions

General Merchanting

£2.16n

_ sales
Market-leading general merchant to Kitchen distributor to trade
8 3 7 trade customers
_ branches

The General Merchanting division supplies products for all types of repair, maintenance and
improvement projects as well as new residential and commercial construction. The customer base
. is largely made up of trade professionals, ranging from sole traders to national housebuilders whose
9 7 O O key requirements are locally stocked product ranges (immediately available for collection
) . or delivery), access to extended ranges (often delivered direct to site), competitive pricing, credit

co l lea g' ues accounts and problem-solving expertise.

Contracts

£1.5b6n

sales

ialist distributor of Leading specialist distributors of Specialist distributor of ceilings,
ry building materials pipeline and heating solutions insulation and drywall
ind drainage

branches
The customers of the three large Contracts businesses, Keyline, BSS and CCF, are typically
main contractors and sub-contractors in the residential, infrastructure, commercial and industrial
4 3 O O construction sectors. The products they supply are generally used in large construction projects
, ranging from new road and rail infrastructure, power generation construction, public service
infrastructure such as hospitals and schools through to commercial and residential construction

colleagues | and returbishmen.

Travis Perkins plc Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Consumer

£1.66n

sales

6 7 2 Home improvement retailer Fully integrated multichannel retailer Tile retailer
The Consumer division supplies domestic building and decorative materials through its store network
stores to DIY and trade customers. It is differentiated by providing the best value in each of its respective

channels through operating efficient stores and delivery services, a superior online proposition and
high levels of availability of the brands and products that customers demand in a modern customer

shopping environment, with an increasing focus on providing a comprehensive Kitchen and Bathroom
1 2 O O O design and installation service.
)

Toolstation has a rapidly growing European business, with 40 stores in the Netherlands and France

colleagues and online businesses in Belgium and Germany

Plumbing & Heating

£1.56n

sales

— 377

branches Digital footprint Physical network Leading wholesaler to trade distributors

The Plumbing & Heating division delivers a coherent and consistent proposition to installer and
contract customers through an integrated national branch network and online capability, as well as
2? Ks) O O being a leading wholesaler to trade distributors, enabled by an industry-leading supply chain.

. The division has an extended category reach including its successful own brand products and
| COlLEAUES | Spancinglecincal oferng enabing improved customer convenience

o
3
3

c=)
a
3

g
8

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Chairman’ statement

| am pleased to introduce the Company's Annual Report for the

year ended 31 December 2018, a year in which the Group announced
a new Strategic direction, focusing on its advantaged trade businesses
and simplifying the organisation. The Group is taking positive

action to respond to the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty and
deliver financial performance in the short-term, whilst positioning its
businesses to take advantage when market conditions improve, and
to maximise value creation in the future.

Stuart Chambers
Chairman

25 February 2019

2018 performance

Starting with safety, we were encouraged by another year of
improvement with our accident frequency rate declining again
for the fifth year running. Our Stay Safe Committee (chaired by
Pete Redfern) signed off our new Health and Safety strategy, with
further details on pages 47 and 48 of this report.

One key consideration is that 25% of our lost time incidents
occurred “out of branch” last year, up from 17%. Furthermore, the
importance of focus in this area was highlighted in August 2018
when a cyclist, Dr Peter Fisher, tragically lost his life in an accident
involving one of the Group's commercial vehicles at slow speed

in London, This all serves to remind us that safety must be at the
forefront of our minds in everything we do, and our aim remains to
cause zero harm to our employees, and to everyone with whom we
interact as we go about our work.

Turning now to financials, the Group produced a solid overall
performance in 2018 against a market backdrop of considerable
uncertainty, Sales grew by 4.8% to £6,741m, and by 4.9% on a
like-for-like basis.

Group adjusted operating profit, excluding property profits,
declined by 1.3% in the year, although with a distinct half on half
split, An 11.5% decline in the first half of the year was followed
by growth of 10.7% in the second half, with earnings progression
driven by the improved trading and cost reduction. Adjusted
earnings per share increased by 3.7% to 1145p.

Strategy

The Group has grown considerably in recent years, both organically
and through acquisitions, expanding our reach into new markets
but leading to increasing levels of complexity. This has resulted

ina higher cost base and has challenged the effectiveness of the
Group's management focus and capital allocation

In response to this, and following a comprehensive strategic
review, the Board concluded that the purpose of the Travis
Perkins Group should be defined more tightly, to provide
best-in-class service to trade customers.

At a Capital Markets day in December we outlined our plans for
this future direction under two key themes: to focus on trade
customers through advantaged businesses and simplify the
Group. The main initiatives underway to drive this strategy are:

* To reinvigorate the Travis Perkins merchant business, by placing
trade customers at the heart of our strategy and thinking

To explore options to divest the Plumbing and Heating division

To improve the performance of Wickes to create optionality
for the future

To reduce above-branch costs throughout the Group with the
aim of speeding up decision making and simplifying the Group

To continue to invest in the growth of Toolstation

To continue to upgrade our IT systems and improve our
digital capability

In parallel with these significant workstreams we remain
committed to delivering on our day to day performance.

Travis Perkins plc Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Dividend :

The Board takes a balanced view between the ongoing
uncertainty in the UK's political and economic climate and

the continued strong cash generation of the Group. Whilst the
Group's adjusted operating profit declined modestly in 2018,

the earnings per share increased by 3.7%, and the Board
recommends a final dividend of 31.5p, payable on 17 May 2019 to
shareholders on the register on 5 April 2019. This will give a full-
year dividend of 47p (2017: 46p) per share. This modest increase
in dividend reflects the Board's confidence in the ongoing positive
cash generation of the Group and its robust balance sheet.

Employees

At Travis Perkins our people are, of course, our greatest resource.
We have nearly 30,000 employees across the Group, and we
take our responsibility to all of our colleagues very seriously

We were recently recognised as @ Top Employer by the Great
Place to Work Institute for the 10th year running, which is a huge
credit to all of our colleagues’ hard work, particularly in the HR
function and across the branch network. As a Group we continue
to push for continuous improvement in colleague support, with
specific programmes dedicated to colleague health, safely,
career development, diversity, flexible benefits and financial
planning and assistance

| would like to take this opportunity, on behalf of the Board, to
thank all our colleagues for their commitment, energy and hard
work during the course of 2018, and look forward to further
success in 2019 and beyond.

Main image: Segou Grant - Wickes, Cricklewood
Bottom image: Shiap Bajgora & John Deighton - Wickes, Cricklewood

Board of Directors

| am leading a review of Board composition at the Nomination
Committee, which was started in 2018, in order to plan the
evolution of the Board and to ensure that we have the right
balance of skills, experience and diversity going forwards.

Outlook

The fundamental drivers of the Group’s end markets remain
robust, the level of new house building in the UK is not

keeping pace with demand, and there remains a significant
underinvestment in the existing stock of 27 million homes.

At the same time, customer habits are changing, with consumers
increasingly likely to engage a tradesperson to carry out repair,
maintenance or improvement work on their home.

In the near-term, the Group is planning for the current levels

of market uncertainty to continue. It is therefore vital that the
Group concentrates its efforts on the self-help actions laid out

in the strategic update in December 2018. These actions, to
simplify the Group and streamline decision making, will underpin
performance in the short-term, whilst focusing on advantaged
trade businesses will enable the Group to take advantage as
market conditions improve and maximise shareholder value in
the medium and long-term.

Stuart Chambers
Chairman
25 February 2019

o
a
a

2.
3

8
8

Travis Perkins plc Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Simplifying our
Group to create value

In December 2018 the Group laid out its
strategic vision to deliver best-in-class
service to trade customers through
businesses with clear competitive

advantages in their markets.

Rationale for change

The Group's strategy is designed to deliver profitable growth
through market outperformance, building on the momentum

in the Contract Merchanting businesses, the continuing strong
growth in Toolstation and the reinvigoration of our market-leading

General Merchanting division.

The Group has delivered good sales growth, with all businesses
contributing at some point during the five year cycle. The
consistent contributions from the Group's Contract Merchanting

Positive long-term drivers

and short-term challenges

Ageing and underinvested
building stock in the UK

Increasing willingness
to use trade professionals

Market disruption from
new entrants

EU referendum outcome
has impacted consumer
and business confidence

businesses and the ongoing growth of Toolstation are of
particular note.

Profits have not grown as fast and the Group has not
demonstrated the expected operational leverage. This is due

in part to external reasons including flat market volumes

The Group has grown and
become more complex

Strong sales growth over
the period

Profits have not grown at the
same rate as sales

Costs have grown too
quickly - significant investments
ina low growth environment

Capital allocation has
proved challenging

The outcome of this is that the Group needs to be more focused:
on key markets, on leading businesses and on more selective
opportunities. The Group needs to focus less on extracting

and internal factors including cost levels being increased to.
support growth. In the current challenging market environment
the Group must simplify to increase agility and reduce cost.

Focus on advantaged
positions in key areas

Portfolio has many businesses
with #1 or #2 market positions

Group needs to be
more focused

Concentrate time +
and capital on
leadership positions

Exploit business scale rather
than Group scale

benefits from the overall size of the Group and instead to ensure
that the businesses are focused on generating competitive
advantage based on their own scale.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Our markets

Fundamentals

The fundamental long-term growth drivers of the Group's
business remain robust, with a continued shortage of

housing in the UK and underinvestment in the maintenance and
improvement of the UK's existing ageing housing stock

Current conditions

In the short-term market conditions remain uncertain,
impacting secondary housing market transactions and
consumer confidence.

Market channels

The markets addressed by the Group's businesses have grown
at an estimated compound annual rate of 4% over the last five
years. This growth however can be divided into two periods,

with significant volume growth from 2013 to mid-2016 as the
economy recovered from the global financial crisis, followed by @

Sources: GIK Consumer Confidence Index, HMRC seasonally-adjusted UK property transactions

period with marginal volume growth as the economy slowed after
the EU Referendum in June 2016.

Within the overall market, the channel mix has changed as
different models emerge and customer preferences drive change.

Source: Travis Perkins ple 2018 estimates

Retail

The proportion of the market supplied
by retail channels has decreased as
consumers increasingly prefer 'Do It
For Me’ (“DIFM") solutions and the
market has been disrupted by the
impact of the Bunnings purchase
and disposal of Homebase. In these
challenging conditions our Wickes
business has performed well relative
to its market.

Trade formats

Offsetting the decline of retail is a
growth in trade formats, both generalist
and specialist. Merchant sectors have
performed well (general, specialist

and direct to site via merchant), with
Travis Perkins Group businesses well
represented. Trade customers continue
to perform well, with large customers
in particular providing a slightly larger
share of sales.

New models

New business models have also
prospered. Fixed Price Operators
including Toolstation have grown
impressively and offer enhanced
Propositions to customers, including
extended hours and extensive ranges
with high availability and competitive
fixed pricing.

Travis Perkins ple Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Group strategy - clarifying our purpose

Following a comprehensive review the Board concluded that the purpose of the Group is to provide best-in-class service to trade
customers. To deliver this the Group will focus on serving trade customers through advantaged businesses in attractive markets
and will simplify the Group to reduce complexity and drive growth in shareholder returns.

Two major themes

Focus on
the trade

Focus on trade

The heritage of the Travis Perkins Group is serving UK trade
customers and this represents the majority of the Group's activity
today. Generalist and specialist merchants continue to see the
largest share of industry growth, with returns remaining resilient
over time. Whilst trade customers are becoming increasingly
demanding of the quality of service they receive, they still place
considerable value on a convenient, reliable and competitive
supply relationship that supports growth of their businesses.

All of the Group's businesses serve trade customers to a greater
or lesser extent, Some are entirely focused on trade customers
due to the markets and products served (e.g. Keyline and

Simplify

the Group

Developing businesses
that are well placed to
win in their markets

Positioning the Group
for enhanced returns
and long-term growth

Primaflow F&P) and some have a strong majority of
trade customers but will serve consumers when requested
(e.g. Travis Perkins). Two businesses are particularly noteworthy:

Toolstation is reported as part of our Consumer division
today, however Toolstation is a majority trade business with
approximately 70% of its sales going to trade customers

Wickes is a minority trade business with approximately 70%
of its sales going to non-trade customers. Its sales are evenly
split three ways, between kitchen and bathroom sales to
homeowners, DIY sales and trade sales

Trade is the Groups heartland

Margins more resilient in trade

Trade cycle is more predictable

Customers demand competitive
prices but still recognise value of
good service

DIY customers moving to DIFM:
trade channels are filling the gap

Digital is an untapped opportunity
in trade markets: potential
to differentiate

Travis Perkins plc Annual Report & Accounts 2018

Delivering best-in-class services to trade customers

The Group is dedicated to delivering fantastic service to our customers and to continuously improving its customer offer to ensure that

the business continues to grow.

Deep understanding of customer needs
Significant effort is made to understand and meet customer
needs. The most important need articulated by our trade
customers is a deep relationship with their channel of choice.
This is often a personal relationship but increasingly digital
relationships are becoming important. The Group will be
Monitoring and listening to customer requirements to ensure
that their needs continue to be met. Teams that love selling and
serving customers are vital to the success of the Group.

Delivery of leading propositions

All elements of the Group's proposition are subject to continuous
review to ensure they remain relevant in dynamic markets.

Value, Range, Service and Convenience are blended in different
proportions across the Group's businesses to deliver propositions
that are market-leading and promote performance ahead of the
market average.

Optionality around Wickes

In the short-term management is focused on strengthening the
performance of Wickes in a market environment with significant
challenges. It is important that Wickes continues to capitalise
on its clear competitive advantages in the DIY, small trade and
Kitchen & Bathroom markets, with an aim to return to profitable
growth.

Recovery and response
to market environment

Significant competitor disruption,
especially pricing

Ongoing customer shift
from DIY to DIFM

Growing market share of
fixed price operators

Tactical trading
plan underway

Capitalise on
advantaged model

Efficient network of
right-sized stores

Tight SKU count in store,
extended online range + Leverage digital strength

Digital leadership

Development of advantaged business models

The Group's businesses generally hold a #1 or #2 position in
their markets and capitalising on the competitive advantages
of our businesses is vital to the Group's economic success.
This includes:

+ the empowerment and incentivisation of colleagues and
businesses to outperform the market

+ leveraging infrastructure to provide nationwide networks and
optimised supply chains

+ innovations in technology that drive efficiency and accuracy

The capabilities of the Group deliver a meaningful difference
across all points of the value chain.

As it is a predominantly consumer-focused business, the Board
will review the options for maximising the value of Wickes in the
medium-term,

Exploit medium-term

opportunities

Best-value price model + Advantage as sole provider

of end-to-end K&B service

Customer base split
between trade-and DIY * Use experience to extend

DIFM service beyond K&B

* Greater focus on
customer inspiration

* Extend trade offer

iew of the options to maximise value in the medi

2
3
3

2.
3
3

3
8