BETA Close X Travis Perkins PLC announced on March 19, 2026, that its Chief Executive Officer, Gavin Slark, was granted a conditional award of 295,441 ordinary shares. This "Buyout Award" compensates for restricted share awards forfeited from his previous employer, SIG plc, as part of his recruitment package. The award is structured to align with Travis Perkins' Directors' Remuneration Policy and will vest in three years, subject to continued employment and specific committee approvals, ensuring alignment with shareholder interests. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 19 March 2026 Travis Perkins PLC (" Travis Perkins " or the " Company ") 19 March 2026 Grant of Buyout Award On 19 March 2026 (the " Grant Date ") the Company granted an award in the form of a conditional award over a total of 295,441 ordinary shares in the Company to Gavin Slark, the Company's Chief Executive Officer (the " Buyout Award "). The Buyout Award is a standalone award, which reflects three restricted share awards (granted in 2023, 2024 and 2025) forfeited by Mr Slark as a result of him ceasing to be an employee of his previous employer, SIG plc, in order to join Travis Perkins, as agreed as part of his recruitment package. The Buyout Award is structured in accordance with the principles set out in the Company's approved Directors' Remuneration Policy, in particular that the award is generally granted on a like-for-like basis and reflecting the delivery mechanism, time horizons and vesting requirements attached to that remuneration. The structure of the Buyout Award reflects what was forfeited by Mr Slark on leaving SIG (and noting the vesting date, explained below). The conversion into Travis Perkins shares on joining provides alignment with Travis Perkins shareholders. The number of ordinary shares over which the Buyout Award was granted, agreed as part of his appointment, was calculated by reference to the number of SIG plc shares under the awards Mr Slark forfeited and converted to a number of Travis Perkins shares, based on the mid-market closing share price of Travis Perkins and SIG plc on 2 May 2025. The Buyout Award will vest three years from grant subject to continued employment and following the Remuneration Committee concluding that it does not need to adjust the vesting outcome should the SIG plc Remuneration Committee use its discretion in relation to the applicable performance underpins to lapse part or all of the corresponding restricted share awards. The Buyout Award will vest three years from grant, as opposed to on the earlier normal vesting dates of each of the SIG restricted share awards that it replaces. This will maximise the alignment between our new Chief Executive Officer and the Company's shareholders. It is a condition of the Buyout Award that any vested shares (after any are sold to pay any tax liability) will be retained towards meeting the shareholding requirement under the Directors' Remuneration Policy, if necessary. The exercise of the Buyout Award will not be satisfied with an issue of shares or a transfer of treasury shares. The Notification of Dealing Form set out below is provided in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries: Will Lang Company Secretary will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk +44 (0) 7468 713734 Buyout Award 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated (a) Name Gavin Slark 2. Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor (a) Name Travis Perkins plc (b) LEI 2138001I27OUBAF22K83 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the Financial Instrument Ordinary shares of 11.205105 pence each Identification code of the Financial Instrument ISIN: GB00BK9RKT01 (b) Nature of the transaction Grant of a conditional award to acquire ordinary shares in the Company in compensation for awards forfeited on leaving former employer (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume Nil 295,441 (d) Aggregated information: - Aggregated volume - Price N/A - single transaction (e) Date of the transaction 19 March 2026 (f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ondo Insurtech 1 hour ago Ondo Insurtech 1 hour ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 hours ago Savannah Energy 2 hours ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and