BETA Close X Travis Perkins PLC announced changes to director responsibilities, effective immediately on October 21, 2025. Jez Maiden has been appointed as Interim Chair of the Remuneration Committee, replacing Louise Hardy, who remains a member. The Nominations Committee approved this change to ensure leadership continuity and affirmed the committee structure's independence, with a review expected within six months. Louise Hardy also stepped down from her interim role as a member of the Nominations Committee, a position she had held since April 30, 2024. The Nominations Committee has affirmed the independence of the committee structure and assessed that there will be ongoing continuity of governance. Disclaimer* Travis Perkins PLC 21 October 2025 21 October 2025 Changes of Director responsibilities Pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.6(3)R Travis Perkins plc (the "Company") makes the following announcements: Jez Maiden has been appointed as Interim Chair of the Remuneration Committee, taking on the role of Chair from Louise Hardy on an interim basis. Louise retains her role as a member of the Remuneration Committee. The Nominations Committee has reviewed and approved the change, having assessed that it assures the ongoing continuity of leadership, and has affirmed the independence of the committee structure. The change has immediate effect from 21 October 2025. The Nominations Committee expects this arrangement to be reviewed within six months. Louise Hardy has also stepped down from her role as a member of the Nominations Committee, which she had held on an interim basis since 30 April 2024. The Nominations Committee has affirmed the independence of the committee structure, and has assessed that there will be ongoing continuity of governance, following this change. The Board would like to thank Louise for her service on the Nominations Committee. This change also has immediate effect from 21 October 2025 . There are no other details to be disclosed under UK Listing Rule 6.4.6(3)R . Enquiries: Travis Perkins FGS Global Will Lang Director of Legal Services and interim Company Secretary Faeth Birch / Jenny Davey / James Gray +44 (0) 7468 713734 +44 (0) 207 251 3801 will.lang@travisperkins.co.uk TravisPerkins@fgsglobal.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Travis Perkins (TPK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 5 hours ago CLS Holdings 5 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and