BETA Close X FirstGroup plc provided an update ahead of its Annual General Meeting, confirming that its trading performance for the financial year-to-date is in line with expectations previously outlined. The company highlighted the successful execution of its UK-focused growth strategy in FY 2026, which has reinforced its track record. FirstGroup anticipates continued growth and meaningful shareholder returns driven by its diverse portfolio, robust asset base, and cash-generative businesses. The Group is scheduled to announce its interim results for the six months ending September 2026 on November 17, 2026. Disclaimer* FIRSTGROUP PLC AGM STATement FirstGroup plc (`FirstGroup' or `the Group') will be holding its Annual General Meeting (`AGM') at 11:30 today. Ahead of the AGM, the Group notes that its trading performance for the financial year-to-date has been in line with the expectations outlined in the FY 2026 Results on 18 June 2026 and subsequent announcement regarding the agreement to sell Mistral Data published on 29 July 2026. Commenting, Chief Executive Officer Graham Sutherland said: "The successful execution of our UK-focused growth strategy resulted in another strong performance in FY 2026, reinforcing our track record for delivery. Looking ahead, our diverse portfolio, robust asset base and cash generative businesses will enable continued growth and further meaningful shareholder returns." The Group is scheduled to announce its interim results for the six months to the end of September 2026 on Tuesday 17 November 2026. Contacts at FirstGroup: Marianna Bowes, Head of Investor Relations Stephen Bethel, Director of Brand & Communications corporate.comms@firstgroup.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 7725 3354 Contacts at Brunswick Group: Simone Selzer / Charlotte Millington Tel: +44 (0) 20 7404 5959 Contacts at Panmure Liberum: Nicholas How / Satbir Kler Tel: +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 Contacts at RBC Europe Limited: James Agnew / Elliot Thomas Tel: +44 (0) 20 7653 4000 Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DEJZCPWA4HKM93. About FirstGroup FirstGroup plc (LSE: FGP.L) is a leading private sector provider of public transport services. With around 30,000 employees, we reported revenue of £1.72 billion and transported almost 1.5m passengers a day in FY 2026. We create solutions that reduce complexity, making travel smoother and life easier. Our businesses are at the heart of our communities and the essential services we provide are critical to delivering wider economic, social and environmental goals. Each of our divisions is a leader in its field: First Bus is one of the largest bus operators in the UK, serving more than 20% of the population in the UK with a fleet of c.6,000 buses and coaches, and carrying more than a million passengers a day. First Rail is one of the UK's most experienced rail operators, with many years of experience running long-distance, commuter, regional and sleeper rail services. We operate a fleet of c.320 trains through two DfT contracted train operating companies: WCP (incorporating Avanti West Coast and West Coast Partnership Development) and GWR, and three open access routes (Hull Trains and two under the Lumo brand). We are formally committed to operating a zero emission commercial bus fleet by 2035, and First Rail will help support the UK Government's goal to remove all diesel-only trains from service by 2040. During FY 2026 FirstGroup received MSCI's highest possible ESG rating of AAA, was named one of the world's cleanest 200 public companies for the seventh consecutive year, was ranked in the top decile for its industry by ISS based on its ESG Performance Score and holds Yearbook membership with S&P Global. We provide easy and convenient mobility, improving quality of life by connecting people and communities. Visit our website at www.firstgroupplc.com and follow us on LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/company/first-group. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies FirstGroup (FGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Savills 30 minutes ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 35 minutes ago Great Southern Copper 44 minutes ago OSB Group 48 minutes ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and