BETA Close X FirstGroup plc has completed the first tranche of its £100m on-market share buyback programme, purchasing 13,553,662 ordinary shares for £24,806,895, which are now held in treasury. The company also announced that Panmure Liberum Limited will commence the second £25m tranche of the buyback programme effective immediately, with subsequent tranches expected to proceed as previously outlined. Disclaimer* 27 July 2026 FirstGroup plc On-market Share Buyback Programme of £100m Completion of First Tranche and Commencement of Second Tranche FirstGroup plc (" FirstGroup ") announces that, in accordance with the terms of its on-market share buyback programme of £100m announced on 18 June 2026 (the “ Buyback ”), RBC Europe Limited completed the first tranche on 24 July 2026, with a total of 13,553,662 ordinary shares purchased for a total of £24,806,895 and currently being held in Treasury. Panmure Liberum Limited will now commence the second £25m tranche of the Buyback of with effect from today. The second, third and fourth tranches of the Buyback are expected to proceed as set out in our announcement of 18 June 2026. Contacts at FirstGroup: David Blizzard General Counsel and Company Secretary Marianna Bowes, Head of Investor Relations Tel: +44 (0) 20 7725 3354 Contacts at Panmure Liberum Limited: Nicholas How / Satbir Kler Tel: +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 Contacts at RBC Europe Limited: James Agnew / Elliot Thomas Tel: +44 (0) 20 7653 4000 Forward-looking statements Certain statements included or incorporated by reference within this announcement may constitute 'forward-looking statements' with respect to the business, strategy and plans of the Group and our current goals, assumptions and expectations relating to our future financial condition, performance and results. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, assumptions, uncertainties and other factors that cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Group to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. No statement in this announcement should be construed as a profit forecast for any period. Shareholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Except as required by the UK Listing Rules and applicable law, the Group does not undertake any obligation to update or change any forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring after the date of this announcement. Notes Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DEJZCPWA4HKM93. Classification as per DTR 6 Annex 1R: 2.4. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies FirstGroup (FGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Liontrust Asset Management 1 hour ago Bay Capital 1 hour ago IG Group Holdings 1 hour ago Diversified Energy Company 14 hours ago Greggs All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and