First (@

Shaping the future -
of transport

IONIC

Commprnny Qos ishredben No. SC\SHVE

We are FirstGroup Introduction
FY 2023 highlights 01
Performance summary 02
. 5
Strategic report
S h a | Nn Aleading UK public transport operator 04
Positioned for the future 05
Chairman's statement 06
Our markets 10
e U U re Business model 12
Chief Executive Officer's review 14
Business review 19
of transport === :
Key performance indicators 35
Responsible business 38
Climate-related financial disclosures 57
7 + . . . Non-financial information statement 66
FirstGroup is a leading private sector provider of Risk management 67
public transport. We provide easy and convenient Viability and going concern 76
mobility, improving quality of life by connecting Our stakeholders 78
people and communities. Our services are a Section 172 statement 81
vital part of society — transporting customers for Decisions made during the year 82
business, education, health, social and leisure
purposes. Our businesses are at the heart of our Governance report
communities, and the essential services we provide Governance report 84
are critical to delivering wider economic, social Governance at a glance 85
and environmental goals. Board 88
Nomination Committee report 96
Audit Committee report 99
Responsible Business Committee report 106
Remuneration Committee report 107
Directors’ report and additional disclosures 135
Directors’ responsibility statement 138
Financial statements
Independent auditors’ report 140
Consolidated income statement 150
Consolidated statement of 151
comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet 152
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 153
Consolidated cash flow statement 154
Note to the consolidated cash flow statement 155
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 156
Group financial summary 225
Company balance sheet 226
Company statement of changes in equity 227
Notes to the Company financial statements 228
Shareholder information 233
Glossary 235,

Introduction Strategic report

Governance report _Financial statements

FY 2023 highlights

We have delivered a strong financial
performance in the financial year. In First Rail,
our teams have worked extremely hard

‘on our service objectives, and the notable
success of our open access operations

is further recognition of the considerable
expertise and ambition of our team. In

First Bus, we are seeing the benefits of
actions we have taken to transform the
business, and we are establishing ourselves
as leaders in decarbonisation as we
accelerate the electrification of our bus fleet
to deliver value not just for FirstGroup but for
all our stakeholders.

Our leading positions in bus and rail,
together with the strength of our balance
sheet will allow FirstGroup to create
long-term shareholder value while delivering
the vital services and innovation that are
key to achieving society's sustainability

and economic goals.

Graham Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

® Strong financial performance driven by
growth in First Bus and First Rail open
access operations:

-Group adjusted attributable profit more
than doubled, to £82.1m ahead of
expectations (FY 2022: £36.2m)

—agjusted EPS of 10.6p for continuing
operations (FY 2022: 1.6p)

—year end adjusted net cash of £109.9m
ahead of expectations

® Strategy remains focused on continuous
improvement in operational delivery,
continued investment in growth
opportunities, delivering value to
shareholders and playing a leading role in
the decarbonisation of UK public transport

= Inline with this strategy delivered targeted
deployment of capital including:

-c.£37m of capital deployed on value
accretive acquisitions in First Bus before
FY 2024 funding

~accelerated investment in First Bus in
decarbonisation following successful
applications for government co-funding;
c.£43m gross investment in electric buses
and depot infrastructure before funding

—final dividend of 2.9p recommended in
line with progressive growth and dividend
policy

—launch of £75m on-market share buyback
programme in December 2022; £52.6m
completed as at 7 June 2023

-additional buyback of £115m proposed
following receipt of proceeds resulting from
North America exit

Group revenue
(continuing operations)

£4,755.0m

FY 2022: £4,591.1m

Group adjusted operating profit
{continuing operations)

£161.0m

FY 2022: £106.7m

Adjusted earnings per share
(continuing operations)

10.6p

FY 2022: 1.6p

Dividend per share

3.8p

FY 2022: 1.1p

Cautionary comment concerning forward-looking statements

‘This Annual Report and Accounts includes forward-looking statements with respect to the business, strategy
and plans of FirstGroup and its current goals, assumptions and expectations relating to its future financial

condition, performance and results. Generally, words such as ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘will’, ‘expect’,

intend’, ‘estimate’,

‘anticipate’, ‘aim, ‘outlook’, ‘believe’, ‘plan’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘potential’, ‘reasonably possible’ or similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

By their nature, furward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, assumptions, uncertainties:
and other factors which may cause actual results, performancs or achievements of FirstGroup to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such

forward-looking statements,

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and shareholders are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and
except as required by the UK Listing Rules and applicable law, FirstGroup does not undertake any obligation
to update or change any forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring after the date of this Annual
Report and Accounts. Nothing in this Annual Report and Accounts is intended as a profit forecast or estimate

for any period.

Download

Fast
| ‘Shaping the future
of transport

® Download here at: firstgrouppic.com/
investors/annual-report-2023

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023 a1

Introduction

Performance summary

FY 2023 FY 2022 Change
(£m) (em) (em)
(E contbise. Total [Cont Disc. Total] [~~ Cont Disc. Total
Revenue 4,755.0 40 4,759.0 4,591.1 996.9. 5,588.0 163.9 (992.9) (829.0)
Ajusted! operating profit 161.0 (66) 1544 +1067 ~+«+1201+~+~«2268 543 (1267) 72.4)
Group adjusted! attributable profit 82.1 - 82.1 36.2 - 36.2 45.9 - 45.9
Adjusted' EPS 10.6p (0.9)p 9.7p 1.6p 8.6p 10.2p 9.0p (9.5)p (0.5)p
Dividend per share 3.8p 1.1p 2.7p
Adjusted' Net Cash/(Debt) 109.9 (3.9) 113.8
FY 2023 FY 2022 Change
(£m) (&m) (@m)
Statutory Cont. Disc. __ Total Cont, Disc. Total] Cont. Disc. Total
Revenue 4,755.0 40 4,759.0 4,591.1 9969 5,588.0 1639 (9929) (829.0)
Operating profit 153.9 313. 1852 1228 6833 8064 B14 (652.0) (6209)
Profit before tax 128.7 . 654.1 (825.4)
EPS 11.8p 60.2p (48.4)p
Net debt 1,269.1 619.0 ’ 650.1
— Bonds, bank and other debt net of (cash) (479.5) (464.2) “ (15.3)
- IFRS 16 lease liabilities 1,748.6 1,083.2 665.4

1 Alternative Performance Measure (APM). Reconciliation of APM to statutory measure can be found in note 4 on pages 168 to 171.

‘Cont. refers to the Continuing operations com
and Greyhound. Statutory operating profit from discontinued operations of £683.

1g First Bus, First Rail and Group items. ‘Disc.’ refers to discontinued operations, being First Student, First Transit

.3m includes the gains on sale of First Student, First Transit and Greyhound US.

Key developments

First Bus vO

= 1.1m passenger journeys a day (FY 2022: 0.9m); 168m service miles
‘operated in FY 2023 (FY 2022: 185m)

™ Passenger volumes increased 20% vs. FY 2022 levels, with commercial
and concessionary volumes up 21% and 19%

* Total passenger revenue increased to £660.0m (FY 2022: £570.0rn),
more than offsetting the reduction in government funding, which
decreased by £42.8m to £86.5m

Improvement in operating margin in H2 2023 to 7.9% despite ongoing
inflationary pressures due to:
~ increased passenger demand
~ improved driver availabilty and operational improvements
— network and fare realignments to better match services to demand
~ regional management restructure completed to drive further

operational efficiencies

*® Acquisition of Ensignbus in Essex, Airporter in Northern ireland and the
Metrobus service in Bristol

® Disposal of First Scotland East and closure of Southampton-based
operations

"Accelerated investment in electrification of fleet and infrastructure:

— gross investment of c.£43m in electric buses and depot infrastructure
before funding

— 83 electric buses delivered in FY 2023 and 58 ultra-fast chargers
installed

— installation of solar panels at 20 depots completed in FY 2023

—Nnet investment of c.£105m committed in FY 2024 on First Bus
decarbonisation, including the installation of 143 ultra-fast chargers,
‘supported by government co-funding of £82m_

02 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023 .

First Rail

= 263m passenger journeys in FY 2023 (FY 2022: 201m); TOCs: 261m and
‘open access 2.2m

™ Open access operations performance ahead of expectations,
underpinned by strong leisure volumes

= Management-fee based contracts aggregate financial performance
broadly in line with expectations; focus remains on operational delivery
for passengers across all our services

" Great Western Railway awarded National Rail Contract to June 2025
with an option for the DfT to extend it to June 2028

™ South Western Railway contract extended to May 2025

= West Coast Partnership (incorporating Avanti West Coast) contract
extended October 2023

= TPE contract not extended by DfT; operations were handed to the
Operator of Last Resort on 28 May 2023

Corporate

® Delivered a further c.£5m in annual central cost savings as previously
guided

= £122m realised from sale of almost all remaining legacy
Greyhound properties,

= First Transit earnout crystallised following completion of sale of First

Transit business by EQT Infrastructure in March 2023 with estimated
proceeds of c.$89m anticipated in H1 FY 2024

= £32m of the £75m on-market share buyback programme completed wy 4 & .

year end

= £15.7m of the Group's 2024 6.875% bonds repurchased in Bank of
England bond auction

Introduction Strategic report Governance report —_Financial statements

Strategic

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Strategic report

A leading UK public
transport operator

FirstGroup is a leading private sector provider of public transport. We provide easy and
convenient mobility, improving quality of life by connecting people and communities.

First Bus

First Bus is the second largest
regional bus operator in the
UK, transporting hundreds

of thousands of passengers

a day.

We serve two-thirds of the UK's
15 largest conurbations, with

a fifth of the market outside
London. We are a leading
operator in the majority of

our local areas, including major
urban centres such as Glasgow,
Bristol and Leeds.

@ Read more about First Bus on
page 19

1.1m

passenger journeys
a day in FY 2023

Fleet of more than

4,500

buses operated

51

depots and outstations

12,800

employees

Approximate First Bus
market share of UK market
outside of London (%)

~~

First Rail

First Rail is the UK's largest

rail operator, with a track record
in running all types of passenger
rail: long-distance, commuter,
regional and sleeper services.

We have three Department

for Transport-contracted
operations: West Coast
Partnership (WCP) which
includes Avanti West Coast
(Avanti), Great Western Railway
(GWR), South Western Railway
(SWRA), and two open access
routes: Hull Trains and Lumo.

@ Read more about First Rail on
page 23

772,000

passenger journeys
a day in FY 2023

Fleet of more than

3,500

locomotives and
rail carriages operated

408

stations

17,500

employees

Passenger revenue base of
First Rail operations (%)

OC

@ Leisure 64%
© First Bus 20% Business 16%
‘Others 80% © Commuter 20%
— Avanti West Coast (Avanti) Business split
— Great Western Railway (GWA)
— South Western Railway (SWR) Revenue (as % of Group)
— TransPennine Express (until 28 May 2023) aN
= Hull Trains
— Lumo
EG First Bus operations
© First Bus 18%
First Rall 82%
‘Adjusted operating profit
(as % of Group)
© First Bus 32%
© First Rail 68%

04 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Introduction Strategic report Governance report _Financial statements

Positioned for the future

We are a focused and resilient business,
with a strong platform to grow as the partner of
choice for innovative and sustainable transport.

We have a clear purpose, a strong balance sheet, and a robust position from which
to deliver long-term, sustainable value for all of our stakeholders based on:

Leading positions Digital innovation
alongside our depth of experience and enabling us to attract more
proven expertise in bus and rail transport customers and enhance
business efficiency, flexibility
and profitability

Current inflection point for First Bus:

growth in public transport as amore agile business, ready
A . % to complete trajectory to

a cri ical enabler of society's 10% margin

sustainability goals

underpinned by supportive governments, @Read more about First Bus

social policies and investment ‘on page 19

@ Read more about sustainability on page 38

First Rail:

well placed for lower risk,
long-term, cash generative
rail operations with the
increasing contribution of
‘open access and additional
service revenues

@ Read more about First Rail
on page 23

Accelerating our investment in decarbonisation

to deliver value to all of our stakeholders
and maximise the opportunities for our business in the transition to a low-carbon economy

@ Read more about decarbonisation on page 43

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023 05

Strategic report

Chairman’s statement
rT)

FirstGroup has a clear purpose to
provide vital transport services that
connect communities, which are
critical to ensuring local economies
are, and remain, vibrant and robust.

David Martin
Chairman

In last year’s annual report | highlighted that the
actions we had taken to divest the Group of its North
American assets would create a focused and resilient
business, with a strong platform to drive value for all
our stakeholders. | am pleased to say that the 2023
financial year has seen FirstGroup further consolidate
the significant evolutionary steps of the last two years,
resulting in a strong financial performance, driven

by growth in First Bus and First Rail open access
operations, despite ongoing industry wide economic
and industrial relations challenges.

‘Among the highlights from the year that you can read
about elsewhere in this annual report, | am particularly
pleased that our close partnerships, working with
governments at all levels, is leading to the introduction
of 600 zero emission buses by March 2024 as First
Bus accelerates the trend to zero emission vehicles
by 2035.

Both commercial and concessionary First Bus
passenger volumes have increased by more than
20% compared to last year’s levels, and we are
seeing improved driver availability and operational
improvements, as well as network and fare
realignments to better match services to demand.
We have deployed capital in First Bus on targeted
growth acquisitions in Northern Ireland and Essex,
and we have been successful in developing our
pipeline of adjacent bus businesses.

In First Rail, we were able to secure a new National
Rail Contract for GWR and extensions to our WCP
and SWR contracts, although we were disappointed
to learn recently that the contract for TPE would not
be extended. The rail industry is entering a period

of change and we welcome recent Government
comments that the private sector will have an
enhanced role to play in the sector's recovery

after some very challenging years. We urge the
Government to engage with the market on the steps
that can be taken, without primary legislation, in order
to achieve this.

06 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Industrial action at train operating companies and
Network Rail has been a feature of this year. The
industry's focus remains on reaching a fair deal

which both rewards our people with a pay rise, and
delivers the reforms needed to improve reliability and
punctuality across the network. Rail trade unions
RMT, TSSA and Aslef have called a number of strikes
or other action throughout the year, primarily over

Pay issues, which has led to significant disruption for
everyone, especially our passengers. We have worked
alongside other rail operators as part of the umbrella
trade body the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) to negotiate
and attempt to reach solutions to these disputes,
putting fair and reasonable offers to all three. Notably,
TSSA members were able to vote on the proposals,
accepted the deal and have ended their dispute. In
recent discussions with the RMT, the RDG put forward
an industry-wide resolution proposal agreed with their
negotiating team, which would have resolved this
dispute and given our lowest paid staff a rise of up to
13%. Yet the leadership of both the RMT and Aslef
unions refuse to put the offer to a democratic vote so
that members can have their say.

In the meantime, we have collaborated closely with
government and our industry partners to do all that
we can to minimise the effects on our customers and
provide as many trains as possible.

With rail industry-wide passenger volumes and
revenues still below pre-pandemic levels and many
travel patterns changing, the industry as a whole
needs to deliver long overdue and much needed
workforce reforms, focused on enabling a responsive
railway and improving passenger experience on
every day of the week. The railway industry considers
these vital and long-overdue changes to working
arrangements necessary to fund a reasonable pay
deal and secure the sustainable future of the sector
without placing pressure on public finances.

FirstGroup has further
consolidated the
significant evolutionary
steps of the last two
years, resulting ina
very strong financial
performance, driven

by growth in First Bus
and First Rail open
access, despite ongoing
industry wide economic
and industrial relations
challenges.

Areal success story for us has been the sustained
popularity of our open access businesses Hull Trains
and Lumo. The latter saw its one millionth passenger
in the year and helped to push rail’s market share on
the key flow between London and Edinburgh above
50% for the first time.

‘Away from the UK, we took our final significant steps
in leaving the North American market, with the sale of
Greyhound's legacy properties and the crystallisation
of the First Transit earnout occurring during the year.

Our Purpose

FirstGroup has a clear purpose to provide vital
transport services that connect communities.

Public transport is an environmentally-friendly sector
critical to resolving some of society's most pressing
challenges, including climate change, air quality and
congestion. The Group's bus and rail operations
offer value for money, easy and convenient choices
for customers, within and between some of the UK
and Ireland's largest towns and cities. The services
we Offer are critical to ensuring local economies

are, and remain, vibrant and robust and play an
important role in supporting national development
and sustainability aims.

Capital allocation and dividend

Following the completion of the sale of the North
American divisions, in FY 2022 the Board authorised
the de-risking of the balance sheet through a
substantial contribution of £337m to the UK pension
deficit (including £117m in escrow), reduced debt
including repayment of the Covid Corporate Financing
Facility to the UK Government, and addressed other
longstanding liabilities. The Board subsequently
looked at options for the appropriate capital structure
and distribution policy for the Group going forward.

Introduction Strategic report

Governance report

Financial statements

The Board concluded that a well-capitalised, de-risked
balance sheet will provide FirstGroup with flexibility

to withstand economic uncertainty, to adapt to new,
post-pandemic travel patterns, pursue its growth
strategy and support a progressive annual dividend

as described in more detail below.

As a result of these considerations the Group has
adopted a balanced capital allocation policy, including
commitments to decarbonise the First Bus fleet,
maintain its progressive dividend policy and to review
targeted investment in strategically and financially
accretive growth opportunities.

In December, we completed the sale of all but two in
the portfolio of our legacy US Greyhound properties,
with net proceeds of £122m. Accordingly, following the
receipt of these proceeds, and in line with our balanced
capital allocation policy, we began a £75m on-market
share buyback programme and also announced

that £15.7m of the Group's 2024 bonds had been
repurchased in a Bank of England bond auction.

Following the crystallisation of most of the residual
values from the North American divisions, combined
with the well-capitalised balance sheet and cash
generative business, the Board has recommended
an additional share buy back programme of £115m
that is subject to renewal of authority at the Group's
Annual General Meeting

In the context of a competitive process to seek the most
attractive proposal for the sale of the North American
divisions, an earnout structure was previously agreed
for the First Transit business, which would benefit
shareholders in the Group. EQT Infrastructure's sale
of First Transit to Transdev North America completed
during FY 2023 and as such, the Group is entitled

to an earnout consideration which is calculated as a
percentage of the realised equity value on the disposal
and contemplating the cash flows generated by First
Transit since March 2021 to completion. The Group
currently anticipates receipt of the First Transit earnout
consideration estimated at $89m in H1 2024.

Final dividend

2.9p

per share
proposed by Board

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

o7

Strategic report

Chairman’s statement continued

In light of the Group's financial performance for

FY 2023 and in line with its policy of an annual payout
around three times covered by Group adjusted
attributable profit, the Board has proposed a final
dividend of 2.9p per share, resulting in a total dividend
payment of c.£20m, to be paid on 18 August 2023 to
shareholders on the register at 14 July 2023, subject
to approval of shareholders at the 2023 AGM.

The Board and corporate activity

We were very pleased to appoint Graham Sutherland
to the role of Chief Executive Officer from 16 May 2022.
Graham has an established record in strategic
development, as well as engaging a diverse range

of stakeholders including consumer, business and
public sector customers, which he has continued
since joining the Group. The Board and | have worked
closely with Graham to identify the key drivers and
means to enhance our businesses, and to consider
opportunities that exist for growth to maximise

the potential for future value creation. Shortly after
Graham's appointment, the interim period during
which | acted as Executive Chairman came to an end
and | resumed the role of Non-Executive Chairman.

08 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023

From May 2022 the Company received a series of
unsolicited, conditional proposals from | Squared
Capital Advisors (UK) LLP in relation to a possible
offer to acquire the entire issued, and to be issued,
share capital of the Company. The unsolicited

offers from | Squared resulted in a final proposal

of 185p per FirstGroup share together with further
contingent value from the First Transit earnout. The
Board, having carefully evaluated the proposals
together with its advisers, concluded that the cash
component significantly undervalued FirstGroup’s
continuing operations and its future prospects, and
the contingent value did not provide shareholders with
sufficient certainty. Following this, | Squared told us in
August 2022 that it did not intend to make a firm offer
for FirstGroup.

After a review of the Board's oversight of environment,
social and governance commitments to shareholders,
we established the Board's Responsible Business
Committee to oversee the Group's practices and
performance with respect to health, safety, diversity

and inclusion and sustainability, including our transition

to net-zero. We have seen good progress in these
areas during the year. The new Committee held
its inaugural meeting in May 2022 and reports to
shareholders for the first time in this report.

The Group is committed
to creating a more
diverse and inclusive
business in what has
long been seen as a
‘traditional’ sector.

Sustainability

FirstGroup is a major employer in all UK regions

and also in Ireland, with one third of the Group’s
employment falling within the 25% of UK local
authority districts that have the highest rates of
unemployment. The Group is committed to creating
amore diverse and inclusive business in what has
long been seen as a ‘traditional’ sector. Our recently
launched Senior Women's Leadership programme is
designed to accelerate the readiness of women for
senior leadership roles across FirstGroup by building
advanced leadership capabilities and personal
confidence. Our Step Up/Step Forward and Reach
Up/Reach Forward programmes continue to make a
significant contribution in our drive to promote better
gender and ethnic minority representation across
our senior and middle management populations and
of the current population that have gone through
these programmes, around a third have either been
promoted or given a development role.

We have been making steady progress on attracting
and hiring more women and employees from ethnically
diverse backgrounds into the business. For the roles
advertised over the last year, we have again increased
the proportion of applications from women and ethnic
diverse backgrounds and from those hired, more than
a fifth were women and more than a fifth were from an
ethnically diverse background.

Introduction Strategic report Governance report

Financial statements

gas emissions, accounting for more than a quarter
of the UK's total, and private cars are the source for
more than half of the transport sector's emissions. It
is incumbent on the sector to redouble efforts to get
people out of those cars and planes onto buses and
trains. For FirstGroup and other transport operators,
this means doing everything we can to provide
customer-friendly, reliable and accessible services,
to make buses and trains a convenient choice for
everyone, whether they are regular passengers or
not. As for the Government, they are backing the
importance of public transport and encouraging more
people to use buses and trains, and they are putting
in funding to support this call. Longer-term funding
strategies are crucial for all bus and rail operators, as
the industry adapts to new travel patterns and works
to improve and grow public services in the UK.

In addition to the Group's services being a critical
‘enabler for society meeting its broader environmental,
social and governance objectives, as a transport
operator, the Group's commitment to a zero-emission
trajectory for its vehicle fleets is of vital importance.
The supportive UK policy backdrop and the growing
focus on innovation for the benefit of our customers
and the sustainability of our business gives us
encouragement for the Group's growth potential.

Our people
During the year the Group's 30,000 employees have

30,000

people employed
by the Group in the

FirstGroup began implementing the Task Force
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

seen a considerable change from the post-pandemic
situation into something approaching a new normal,

recommendations in 2021, a year ahead of the
regulatory mandate, and has built on this during

the FY 2023 reporting cycle. At the Group level, we
have set a science based emissions reduction target
aligned with a 1.5°C ambition for Scope 1 and 2, as
well as emissions reduction and supplier engagement
targets for Scope 3. Our targets have recently been
approved by the Science Based Targets initiative.

We also continue to strengthen our sustainability
governance processes. During FY 2023 we have
commenced work with a leading global consulting firm
to facilitate further integration of climate considerations
into our business processes through a series of
tailored workshops and briefing sessions with key
functions across the Group as well as the Board. We
are also developing a Group-wide transition plan, in
line with the upcoming Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT)
recommendations and | look forward to reporting
further progress in this regard.

Following the Remuneration Committee's review of
the role of sustainability and climate-related measures
within the Group's remuneration approach in FY 2022,
‘our annual and long-term incentive plans are now
linked to carbon intensity and the electrification of our
transport services. This, of course, further reinforces
‘our commitment to incorporating sustainability issues
into core business decisions.

The future of the Group

Bus and rail networks are critical long-term green
infrastructure and play a key role in our communities.
Public transport connections offered by the Group's
services are essential for vibrant local economies and
governments at all levels across the country. Transport
is the largest contributor to our domestic greenhouse

as passengers have been returning in numbers. There
has also been a very challenging environment due to
inflationary pressures and sustained industrial action.
Our people are at the heart of our business and we are
continuing to look for ways in which we can support
them, particularly those most affected by the current
cost of living crisis. | would like to thank all of our
employees, on behaff of the Board, for continuing to
support our customers and communities during this
difficult period

Conclusion

Transport is an important part of everyday life, and
people travel for a huge variety of business and
leisure reasons, all of which are essential to the
economy. The vital role of public transport in the

UK was made clear during the pandemic and the
subsequent recovery, and governments at all levels
understand the importance of the sector. FirstGroup
is a cash generative, well capitalised business with

a healthy and de-risked balance sheet and leading
positions in our core UK bus and rail markets. The
Group has a strong platform both for delivery and

to maximise organic and inorganic opportunities

that exist for growth, including the development of
ancillary businesses in adjacent markets. The Board is
confident the transformation of the Group undertaken
in the last two years is delivering and will continue to
deliver significant value for FirstGroup shareholders.
There are an enormous number of opportunities
ahead of us as a leader in public transport and |, and
my fellow Board members, are very positive about the
Group's future.

David Martin
Chairman
8 June 2023

UK and Ireland

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023,

Strategic report

Our markets

As a market leader in the UK
bus and rail sectors, we are
well placed to work closely with
government and our partners
across the industry to deliver
the vital bus and rail services
that connect people and
communities and to respond to
megatrends including the net
zero and environmental agenda,

digitalisation and social inclusion.

First Bus

We are the second largest
regional bus operator in the
UK, serving two-thirds of
its largest conurbations.

The market

Ina typical year, around 2.6bn passenger
journeys are made on bus services outside
London, generating approximately £4.3bn in
revenue,

Local bus services (with the exception of
London, Manchester and Northern Ireland)
have been deregulated since the 1980s,
with most services provided by private
operators. For the majority of local bus
services, operators set timetables and fares
on a commercial basis. A proportion of local
services are operated for local authorities on
a tendered basis. The market is competitive,
and, during a typical year, a number of
operators will enter and leave the market.

Customers
A significant proportion of customers use
local bus services to commute to work or
education and for shopping and leisure
purposes. As customer trips recover from
the lows seen during the pandemic, travel
habits have changed. Individual customers
are travelling less frequently while an
increasing number of younger customers are
. using buses.

Megatrends

There is significant Government recognition
of the critical role played by the bus industry
in economic, social and environmental
agendas for a sustainable future. A range
of emergency and recovery Government
funding schemes were put in place to
support the continued operation of regional
bus services during the period of pandemic
travel restrictions and the subsequent return
of demand. Funding has also been allocated
to schemes aimed at stimulating passenger
demand, including free travel for Under 22s
in Scotland and the £2 fare cap in England
(rising to £2.50 from November 2023 to
November 2024).

Partnerships between operators and

local authorities are a core principle

to support service delivery, minimise
congestion, improve local economies and
drive innovation and investment. This was
demonstrated by the National Bus Strategy
announced in March 2021, which included
a multi-billion pound funding package to
support simpler fares, improved services
and thousands of new green buses via local
authority-led enhanced partnerships or
franchising.

In support of the decarbonisation agenda,
Westminster and the devolved governments
also have a number of co-funding grant
schemes that are aiding the industry's
investment in low and zero emission buses.

We expect these trends to continue in the
coming years.

@Read more about sustainability megatrends in
the Responsible business section on page 38

10 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Market attractions

= Bus services are the quickest and most
cost-effective mechanism to achieve modal
shift from private car use to lower emissions
and improve congestion in towns and cities

= Bus travel is relatively low cost per user
journey and therefore an important underpin
for social inclusion policies and the levelling
up agenda

= Using enhanced data there is increasing
visibilty of large numbers of customers who
are regular but infrequent bus users enabling
the development of new propositions
to stimulate bus use. This includes
opportunities in the youth demographic
where car ownership is falling and
customers are increasingly environmentally
aware

= Growing digital capabilities provide
significant opportunities to optimise pricing,
improve service delivery, and create more
efficient operations.