SUIS 7I16

First (9

Connecting
people and
communities

mA

FirstGroup pic
Annual Re;

We provide easy and convenient mobility,
improving quality of life by connecting people
and communities. FirstGroup is a leading private
sector provider of public transport.

Our services are a vital part of society — transporting
customers for business, education, health, social

or leisure purposes. We create solutions that reduce
complexity, making travel smoother and life easier.

Our businesses are at the heart of our communities,
and the essential services we provide are critical

to delivering wider economic, social and
environmental goals.

Cautionary comment concerning forward-looking statements

This Annual Report and Accounts includes forward-looking statements with respect to the business,
Strategy and plans of FirstGroup and its current goals, assumptions and expectations relating to its
future financial condition, performance and results. Generally, words such as ‘may, ‘could’, ‘wil’,
‘expect’, ‘intend’, ‘estimate’, ‘anticipate’, ‘aim, ‘outlook’, ‘believe’, ‘plan’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘potential’,
‘reasonably possible’ or similar expressions are intended to identity forward-looking statements.

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, assumptions,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual resutts, performance or achievements of
FirstGroup to be materially cifferent from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and shareholders are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on them, Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made and except as required by the UK Listing Rules and applicable law, FirstGroup
does not undertake any obligation to update or change any forward-looking statements to reflect
events occurring after the date of this Annual Report and Account

We operate a fleet of almost

9,000

buses Joa rail vehicles
across the UK

We carried almost

700,000

Passengers a day in the UK,

We had revenues
of approximately

£4.3bn

in the UK last year

We are a major employer,
with more than

30,000

despite the pandemic people in the UK
Contents
Strategic report Governance report Financial statements
Group overview (04 Board of Directors 76 Consolidated income statement 148
Our markets (06 Chairman's report 80 Consolidated statement of
Chairman's statement 08 Corporate governance report 82 comprehensive income 149
Year in review 10 Nomination Committee report 97 Consolidated balance sheet 150
Strategic framework 42 Audit Committee report 99 Consolidated cnet of 151
- : changes in equi
Chief Executive's re 13 Board mittee 106
(spot Safety Commies report Consolidated cash flow statement 152
Financial summary 17 Remuneration Committee report 108
; Note to the consolidated cash flow

Business model 18 Remuneration at a glance 12 statement - reconciliation of net
Business review 20 Remuneration in context 113 cash flow to movement in net debt 153
Financial review Annual report on remuneration 117 Notes to the consolidated
Responsible business Directors’ remuneration policy 132 _ financial statements 154
Stakeholder engagement Directors’ report and Independent auditors’ report 223
Key performance indicators 52 additional disclosures 142 Group financial summary 233
Climate-related financial disclosures 57 _ Directors’ responsibilty statement 145 Company balance sheet 234
Non-financial reporting statement 61 Statement of changes in equity 235
Principal risks and uncertainties 62 Notes to the Company

financial statements 236
Viability and going concern 72 =

Shareholder information 241

Glossary 243

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021

01

@
6
3
3
3

Strategic report

Strategic
report

In this section, we explain who

we are, our business model and
strategic objectives, the markets

in which we operate, key events

in the year and how we performed
against our KPIs. We also set out
the principal risks that may affect
our business and strategy.

02 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic report
Group overview 04 Financial review 28
Our markets 06 Responsible business 35
Chairman's statement 08 Stakeholder engagement 46
Year in review 10 Key performance indicators 52
Strategic framework 12 Climate-related financial disclosures 57
Chief Executive's report 13 Non-financial reporting statement 61
Financial summary 17 Principal risks and uncertainties, 62
Business model 18 Viability and going concem 72
Business review 20

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021 03

®
Es
é
3
8
g

Strategic report

A leading UK public transport operator

We are a market leader in public transport in the UK through
our First Bus and First Rail divisions, which generated more
than 60% of our revenue in 2020/21. Following the sale of
our North American contract divisions (see right), the Group
has a strong platform on which to create sustainable value,
and is well-positioned to help deliver wider economic, social
and environmental goals at a key inflection point for public
transport in the UK. Going forward, the Group will be

a Sustainable and cash generative business with a

— Avanti West Coast (Avanti) — TransPennine Express (TPE)
— Great Wester Railway (GWR) =~ Hull Trains.
— South Western Railway (SWR) O First Bus operations

04 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021

well-capitalised balance sheet, a strategy focused on the
future and an operating model that will support an attractive
dividend for shareholders at the appropriate time. As part of
our Mobility Beyond Today sustainability framework launched
during the year, we are formally committed to operating a
zero emission First Bus fleet by 2035 and not to purchase
new diesel buses after 2022. Furthermore, First Rail will help
deliver the UK Government's goal to remove all diesel-only
trains from service by 2040.

Continuing operations: UK

First Bus

First Bus is the second largest
regional bus operator in the
UK, transporting hundreds

of thousands of passengers
a day. We serve two-thirds

of the UK's 15 largest
conurbations, with a fifth of
the market outside London.
We are a leading operator

in the majority of our markets,
including major urban areas
such as Glasgow, Bristol

and Leeds.

First Rail

First Railis the UK's largest
rail operator, with many years
‘of experience running all
types of passenger rail:
long-distance, commuter,
regional and sleeper services.
We have four Department

for Transport-contracted
‘operations (Avanti, GWR,
SWR, TPE) and two open
access routes (Hull Trains
and a new East Coast service
faunching in autumn 2021).

465,000

passenger journeys
a day in 2020/21

220,000
passenger journeys
a day in 2020/21

(affected by pandemic (affected by pandemic
2019/20: 1.36m) 2019/20: 930,000)
Fleet of Fleet of
5,000 3,750

buses operated rail vehicles operated
14,500 17,500
employees employees

depots and outstations stations operated
@See page 20 OSee page 22

a
3
s

8
8
3

$
Q

North American operations

On 21 July 2021 we completed the sale of our North American contract “The sale of First Student
divisions First Student and First Transit to EQT Infrastructure for $4.6bn.

Through this transaction, which followed a strategic review by the Board and First Transit
of all options to unlock value and a comprehensive and competitive sale .
process, the Group will return value to shareholders, address its recognises the full

longstanding liabilities and make a substantial contribution to its pension strateg ic value for these
schemes, while ensuring the ongoing business has the appropriate

financial strength and flexibility to deliver on its goals. Greyhound remains long -term businesses.
non-core and we continue to pursue all exit options for it while de-risking

its liabilities and actively managing its substantial property portfolio for value. David Martin, Chairman

Continuing operations: non-core Discontinued operations

10,000

passenger journeys a day
in 2020/21 (affected by
pandemic 2019/20: 40,000)

Greyhound First Student First Transit
The only national operator ~—«-Fileet of First Student is the First Transit is one of the
of scheduled intercity 1,200 largest provider of student largest private sector providers
‘coaches in the US, with ’ transportation in North of public transit management
aunique nationwide buses operated ‘America - twice the size of and contracting in North America.
network and iconic brand. the next largest competitor.
Industry-leading safety © See page 27
@See page 25 2,500 programmes, strong customer pag
ia relationships and service
employees record are key differentiators.
© See page 26
Key figures
Revenue Adjusted operating profit’ Number of employees
(as % of Group) (as % of Group) (as % of Group)
© First Bus © First Bus @ First Bus 18%
@Greyhound
22% 9 Firat Student — dlacor .
@ First Transit - discontinued ‘@ First Transit - discontinued 20% @ First Transit - discontinued 19%

1. Greyhound adjusted operating toss of £(10.3)m in FY21; Group items of £132.5)m allocated to divisions.

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021 0s

Strategic report

Our markets

Public transport networks are the lifeblood of vibrant
'S, and they are essential to achieving

towns and
global net-zero carbon ambitions.

Although the pandemic reduced demand in all
our markets, and it is too early to predict how
that demand will return, our services are
essential to restoring economic growth,
combating climate change, and improving
Quality of life. This was underlined throughout
(he last year by the support given to us by local
and national governments to ensure we could
continue to run vital routes and networks for key
workers. The UK Department for Transport (DfT)
has published major policy strategies for both
bus and rail in spring 2021, demonstrating its
commitment to public transport. Our services
make a vital contribution to the economy (worth

Liveable cities

Nearly 85% of the UK population live in towns and
cities. This gives rise to a demand for easy-to-use
public transport services in urban areas in response
to congested roads, deteriorating air quality and
higher costs of motoring. Many urban dwellers are
choosing not to drive at all. As economies re-open,
low-carbon public transport that reduces congestion
and improves air quality will be crucial to sustaining
healthy, connected communities. Poor air quality,
made worse by congestion, has a particular impact
‘on the health of our communities and many urban
areas are starting to restrict the most polluting
vehicles and prioritise public transport to address
the problem. We will continue to innovate and invest
in our fleets in order to help improve air quality in the
areas where we operate.

75 cars

could be taken off the road by
Passengers using one First Bus
double deck service

© Making the shift - read about our sustainability
aims for: More people using bus and rail
services, increasing ridership and taking private
car journeys off the road on page 36.

Data from CEBR study of FirstGroup social and economic
value to the UK.

06 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021

10)

For more information on
the market environment
for each of our divisions,
please go to the Business
review section starting

on page 20.

a direct Gross Value Added (GVA) contribution
of £1.4fn in 2019/20) - for every £10 of GVA
directly generated by FirstGroup in the UK, a
further £18 of GVA is supported in the wider
economy. Our partners have increasingly clear
sustainability ambitions. These, and our deep
stakeholder engagement and local expertise,
make us the partner of choice for innovative and
sustainable transport, accelerating the transition
to a zero carbon world. As society seeks to
recover from the pandemic and ‘Build Back
Better’, we will play a key role in providing more
environmentally sustainable, value for money
transport connections.

Green jobs

Public transport jobs are green jobs — for our own employees and those in the
public transport industry supply chain - and they are becoming even greener as we
invest in the latest zero emission technologies and innovation. The UK Government
predicts that zero emission vehicles could support 40,000 jobs by 2030, with
exports of new technologies having the potential to add £3.6bn GVA by 2030.

For every ten jobs directly generated by FirstGroup in the UK, a further 11.5 jobs

are supported in the economy. Also, we support a range of small and medium
enterprises — around a tenth of the £1.86bn we spent on procurement from
UK-based firms in 2019/20 was spent on small firms, supporting more than

4,500 full-time equivalent (FTE) jobs in these businesses!

11.5 jobs £1.9bn

supported for every ten FirstGroup spend
we directly employ on UK supply chain

Demographics

Many parts of the communities we serve - those in education, retired or
those unable to drive themselves - have always been more reliant on public
transport and these groups are growing, in part due to an aging population,
increased urbanisation and a greater desire to make sustainable travel
choices. While some may reassess the frequency and purpose of their
travel habits as we emerge from the pandemic, our customers will always
want to visit friends and family affordably, students will still need to go to
‘school or university and many in the global workforce wil still need to
‘commute to jobs that cannot be done at home. Indeed, early indications are
that there is an increased demand for rail and bus travel for leisure, even as
commuting takes longer to recover. These emerging patterns can be turned
to our advantage: a smoother spread of passenger demand through the
day would enhance the efficiency of our fleet usage.

Smarter customer solutions

Our transport systems are mirroring the world at large in becoming
smarter, more connected and increasingly demand responsive. The UK
Government's recent National Bus Strategy (NBS) and Rail White Paper
rightly focus on the importance of flexible, easy-to-understand and
integrated fares to encourage the use of rail and bus services. We work
with our industry and government partners to offer more convenient and
innovative experiences for customers in the shape of flexible ticketing,
real-time travel info, and mobile or contactless ticket options. We are
leaders in the operation and maintenance of electric and autonomous
vehicles, while continuing to invest in the technology and services to
‘support connected and on-demand travel.

Stronger economies

Thriving local economies rely on public transport. The UK Government has
committed to ‘levelling up’ towns and cities which have been ‘left behind’,
by increasing funding and other direct investment. Examples of this
government funding include the £4.8bn Levelling Up Fund, which will
invest in infrastructure such as town centres and local transport, and the
£1bn Towns Fund. Our reach as a national operator means we play a
direct role in supporting sustainable economic activity. FirstGroup directly
provides employment to people living in 355 of the 374 local authority
districts in the UK, including areas of high deprivation, or where other
employment opportunities are more limited. For instance, in Scotland,
Glasgow is the most deprived local authority as well as our most significant
employee hub in the country, where we employ 800 workers from the city,
‘supporting £33.2m in associated GVA for the city.

a
9
3
3

Climate change

The climate emergency is the greatest long-term
challenge of our time, and requires co-operation
and action on a local, national and international level.
The vital role of public transport has never been
Clearer in helping to address the challenges of
climate change, facilitating modal shift from private
cars to buses and trains with lower per-passenger
mile environmental impact. We are committed to
help deliver a more sustainable future for the
communities we serve and accelerate the transition
to a zero carbon world. To that end, we are trialling,
testing and investing in new technologies to
transition our own vehicles to Zero carbon — for
instance, we estimate that by 2035, First Bus
services will emit just 3% of their current carbon
dioxide emissions.

Carbon emissions in UK transport sector,
by type (%)

Source: CCC Sixth Carbon Budget 2019, Surface Transport:
Emissions by transport type.

© See pages 35 to 51 for more information on
our Group-wide strategic framework for

‘sustainability, and pages 57 to 60 for our latest
carbon and energy performance.

Zero carbon - read about our sustainability
aims for eliminating the emissions associated
with our operations on pages 38 and 39.

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021 07

Strategic report

Chairman’s statement

David Martin
‘Chairman

“The ongoing Group
has significant
opportunities ahead
of it as a focused UK
public transport
leader and | look
forward to the future
with confidence.”

This has been a very active and significant
year in FirstGroup’s evolution. This time last
year | said that concluding the process to
sell First Student and First Transit was our
core objective, as the best route to enhance
the long-term value of our businesses,

while respecting our commitments to all

‘our stakeholders. | was very pleased we
completed the sale of these businesses

in July 2021 to EQT Infrastructure for a

full strategic value, which looks beyond the
pandemic and reflects the high quality and
long-lerm nature of these attractive assets.

The sale process

The sale followed a comprehensive and
competitive process overseen by the Board,
in order to seek the best possible price for
First Student and First Transit, which was
well-publicised for more than a year.
Through the sale process, the businesses
were widely marketed, and the Group and
our financial advisers actively engaged with
more than 40 potential buyers.

In the context of a competitive process to
seek the most attractive proposal, an earnout
structure was agreed for First Transit which
would benefit continuing shareholders in

the Group. This reflects First Transit’s strong
prospects for future performance, not least in
light of recent ambitious plans for investment
in infrastructure and public transportation in
the US. Under the earnout FirstGroup will
receive up to a further $240m (c.£175m),
payable on the third anniversary of the sale
(following an independent valuation), or sooner
if the business is sold by EQT Infrastructure

toa third party. The earnout has been initially
fair valued at $140m for accounting purposes,
applying discounted cash flow methodology.

Shareholder approval

Asa substantial transaction, the sale required
approval of a majority of shareholders in
general meeting, which was received in May.
As noted at the time, | and the whole Board
take very seriously our responsibility to
understand the different views and
perspectives of investors, and recognise

that a number of shareholders did not vote in
favour of the resolution. As FirstGroup enters
anew and exciting phase in its development,
‘the Board and | look forward to continuing an
open and constructive dialogue with all
shareholders as we look to the future.

08 FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Use of proceeds

As previously set out, the Group has a number
of longstanding liabilties. In determining

the use of proceeds of the sale the Board

has sought to balance returning value to
shareholders while also making a necessary
and substantial contribution to the UK pension
deficit, reducing its debt (including repayment
of the Covid Corporate Financing Facility
(CCFF) to the UK Government) and addressing
other longstanding liabilities. In parallel, the
Board carefully considered the appropriate
capital structure and distribution policy tor

the ongoing Group, and it concluded that a
well-capitalised, de-risked balance sheet will
provide FirstGroup with flexibility to navigate
end-market uncertainty at this point in the
pandemic recovery, pursue its strategy going
forward and support a progressive annual
dividend commencing during the financial year
ending March 2023, as described in more
detail below.

The Board has announced its intention

to increase the proposed return of value

to shareholders from the initial £365m to
£500m (equivalent to c.41p per share) in light
of the higher cash proceeds received due to
the final adjustments for working capital and
debt and debt-like items in the First Student
and First Transit sale, the greater clarity for
First Rail resulting from agreement in May of
the Group's final rail franchise termination sum
and the signing of the National Rail Contracts
for SWR and TPE, as well as improving cash
flow expectations for the continuing Group
as a result of further easing of pandemic
restrictions in our core UK bus and rail
markets. The estimated pro forma adjusted
net debt of c.£100m for the ongoing Group
following the sale and uses of proceeds is
therefore unchanged.

The Board remains committed to keeping the
balance sheet position of the ongoing Group
under review and will consider the potential for
further additional distributions to shareholders.
in due course, following crystallisation of the
First Transit eamout, resolution of the legacy
liabilities related to Greyhound and the
Potential release of monies from pension
escrow (up to £117m). The Board also notes
the capacity to increase gearing over time, as
end market conditions and hence business
performance improves.

The proposed retum of value is expected
to be undertaken in the autumn of 2021,
with the distribution mechanism to be
announced in due course in consultation
with shareholders.

The future of the Group

FirstGroup has a clear purpose to provide vital
transport services that connect communities
— taking customers where they need to go

for business, education, health, social or
recreational purposes. FirstGroup’s public
transport services offer efficient, cost effective
and convenient travel options for passengers,
both within and between the UK's congested
towns and cities.

Public transport services are also critical
long-term green infrastructure, as
demonstrated during the coronavirus
Pandemic, and are fundamental to achieving
‘the goals of the communities they serve, the
economy and wider society. The connections
offered by the ongoing Group's services are a
critical enabler of vibrant local economies and
can play an important role in the UK's regional
‘leveling up’ agenda. Of course, Westminster
and the devolved govemments in other

parts of the UK have also recognised that
transitioning more travelers to low and then
zero carbon transport services is also critical
‘to meeting the challenge of climate change,
and have put in place substantial funding and
‘strategies which will enhance our investments.
in our business in the years to come.

In addition to the Group's services being a
critical enabler for society meeting its broader
environmental, social and govemance (ESG)
objectives, the Group's own Mobility Beyond
Today sustainability framework commits to
making progress across a number of key
areas. As a transport operator, the most
important element is the Group's
‘commitments to a zero emission trajectory
for its vehicle fleets (see the First Bus and
First Ral business reviews for more detail),
which will increase its EU Green Taxonomy
eligibility year by year. Taken together, | believe
that the increasingly supportive UK policy
‘backdrop and the growing focus on innovating
to enhance passenger convenience and the
‘sustainability of our business points to a
potential inflection point for the ongoing
Group's growth potential.

The Board

Asa natural consequence of the sale of

First Student and First Transit and as the
Group enters a new strategic phase, the
composition and background of the Board
wil evolve.

Matthew Gregory has informed the Board of
his intention to step down as Chief Executive
and as an Executive Director at the conclusion
of the AGM on 13 September 2021.
‘Accordingly, Matthew wil not be seeking
re-election at the AGM. | wil become interim.
Executive Chairman at the conclusion of the
AGM until a permanent Chief Executive is
appointed. A comprehensive search is
underway to select a new Chief Executive for
the Group. Matthew and | will work closely
together to ensure a smooth handover
process. Given his knowledge and experience
of the Group, Matthew will also be available
to support me over the coming months,
including with certain matters associated
with completing the transition to the ongoing
UK-focused Group.

On behalf of the Board | would like to thank
Matthew for his significant contribution to
FirstGroup since joining in 2015, initially as
(CFO and then stepping forward to take up
the post of Chief Executive in 2018. Matthew
has been instrumental in delivering the
Board's strategy to rationalise our portfolio
of businesses, culminating in the
transformational sale of First Student and
First Transit. Matthew was also responsible
for delivering margin improvements
Particularly in First Student and First Bus,

as well as First Rail’s successful Avanti West
Coast bid, which restored FirstGroup to its
leading position in UK passenger rail. Under
his leadership, the Group adaptly responded
to the unprecedented challenges created
by the coronavirus pandemic. He leaves
FirstGroup a more focused, resilient and
flexible organisation, well positioned to benefit
from the many opportunities ahead. On
‘behalf of the Board, | would like to thank
Matthew for all that he has achieved and
wish him every success for the future.

Jane Lodge and Peter Lynas joined the Board
as Non-Executive Directors on 30 June 2021,
while David Robbie stood down from the
Board on the same date. On behalf of the
Board | would like to thank David for his
‘significant contribution over the past three:
years, including acting as interim Chairman for
a period in 2019. ! would also like to welcome
Jane and Peter to the Board, They join at a
Pivotal time and | am confident that their
considerable experience and knowledge

wil enable them both to make a strong
contribution to the Group.

Jam also pleased to welcome Anthony Green,
who was elected Group Employee Director
and appointed to the Board on 15 September
2020. He has been a First Bus employee since
2009 and brings an important perspective to
Board discussions.

We will continue to oversee an orderly and
appropriate evolution of the Board in order

to ensure it has the right balance of skills,
experience and diversity for the Group's
future needs.

Our people

The effects of the coronavirus pandemic wil
continue to be felt throughout our business.
and the communities we serve for some
time to come. During the year the Group has
continued to respond to the evolving situation
‘swiftly and decisively. | am particularly proud
of the dedication and fortitude shown by

all our employees during this immensely
challenging time. They have more than risen
to the challenges presented and stepped up
to support our customers and communities
each andeveryday.

We are deeply saddened by the loss of
employees in each of our divisions due to
coronavirus. On behalf of the Board and
everyone at FirstGroup, | offer our sincere
condolences and ongoing support to their
families, friends and colleagues.

Conclusion

‘There remains a fundamental need for people
to travel safely and conveniently for business,
education, social or recreational purposes
which is essential to sustainable and thriving
economies and communities. The vital role

of public transport in the UK has never been
Clearer and following the sale, FirstGroup is

in prime position to deliver on its goals, with

a well-capitalised balance sheet and an
operating model that will support an attractive
dividend for shareholders commencing during
the financial year ending March 2023. The
ongoing Group has significant