First 5

Further growth ahead

—

FirstGroup ple
Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Governance report

Contents

We are
FirstGroup

FirstGroup is a leading private sector provider

of public transport. We create solutions that reduce
complexity, making travel smoother and life easier.
Our businesses are at the heart of our communities,
and the essential services we provide are critical

to delivering wider economic, social and
environmental goals.

Visit our website at www.firstgroupplc.com
and follow us @firstgrouppic on X.

© Find out more about FirstGroup online

Read this report online

Financial statements

01 Highlights of the year
03 Ataglance

Strategic report

04 Chair's statement
06 Our addressable markets

07 —Qurmarket drivers

(09 Our business model

10 Chief Executive Officer's review

13. Progress on our strategic pillars

17 Key performance indicators

20 Business review

26 Financial review

31 Responsible business

45 Climate-related financial disclosures
54 Our stakeholders

57 Section 172 statement

58 Risk management

69 Viability and going concem

n
72
7%
82
84
90
1
ns
18

Governance report

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025

S

a \
a

Corporate Governance report
Governance at a glance

Board

Nomination Committee report

‘Audit Committee report

Responsible Business Committee report
Remuneration Committee report

Directors’ report and additional disclosures
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

inancial statements

120
129
130
131
132
133,
135
207
209
210
ait
215
217

Le

Independent auditors’ report
Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated cash flow statement

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Group financial summary

Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity

Notes to the Company financial statements.
‘Shareholder information

Glossary

Highlights of the year

Governance report Financial statements,

r

Further progress across rail and bus divisions

positioning the Group well ahead of industry transition:

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025

Significantlinvestment{infgrowthydiversificationfand|decarbonisation:}

01

£1,370.0m (17%)

FY 2025 Group adjusted revenue of
£1,370.0m (FY 2024: £1,279.6m) reflects
strong underlying First Bus performance,
higher variable fees in First Rail DfT-
contracted Train Operating Companies
(OfT TOCs) and further growth in open
access rail

£222.8m (19%)

Group adjusted operating profit increased
to £222.8m (FY 2024: £204.3m), driven

by First Bus rising £12.4m to £96,0m

and First Rail up £5.5m to £148.8m

19.4p (116%)

Adjusted EPS growth to 19.4p.
(FY 2024: 16.7p) with earnings growth
further supported by repurchases of
54,8m shares during FY 2025

6.5p (118%)

Final dividend of 4.8p per share proposed
with FY total of 6.5p (FY 2024 total: 5.5p)
and additional £50m buyback programme

c.£92m

returned to shareholders via buyback
programmes in FY 2025

£86.9m

‘Strong cash conversion and balance sheet
strength maintained; adjusted year-end net
debt of £86.9m

£90m

acquisition of RATP London with a
¢.12% share of London bus market

c.£31m

further c.£31m of bolt-on acquisitions
to grow First Bus's Adjacent services
market share

£88m

investment in First Bus, mostly on
decarbonisation in FY 2025 net of £22m
of government co-funding

c.£500m

¢.£500m order for 14 new, UK-manufactured
Hitachi trains to facilitate First Rail open
access growth, with an option to invest an
additional c.£460m should our ongoing
applications be approved

new open access

acquisition of track access rights for two
new open access rail services to double
existing capacity

Strategic report

Highlights of the year continued

@

1am pleased to report another
positive set of results for our
20285 financial year. We have
further strengthened our
businesses and continued

to deliver against our strategy,
including growing and
diversifying our earnings in

both First Bus and First Rail.
This leaves us well placed to

at least maintain our adjusted
earnings per share in FY 2026,
from a stronger base, as we
continue to successfully navigate
a period of transition in bus and
rail in the UK.

Our focus remains on
operational excellence and
the disciplined deployment
of capital to maintain our
accelerated investment

in decarbonisation and
continuing to build a diverse,
sustainable earnings base,
while returning any excess
capital to shareholders.”

Graham Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

Governance report Financial statements

Performance summary

FY 2025 (em) £¥ 2024 Em)
Cont. Oise. Total Cont Oise Total
‘Adjusted Revenue! 1370.0 = 13700 1.2796 = 12786
Adjusted operating profit/loss)? 222.8 (06) 222.2 = 204.3 (19) 2024
Adjusted operating profit margin 16.3% 16.2% 16.0% 15.8%
‘Adjusted profit(loss) before tax* 165.1 (08) 164.3 138.0 22) 1368
Adjusted EPS** 1949 (0.1)p_—19.3p = 16.7p = (O.3)p_— 18.4
Dividend per share 6.5p 5.5p
Adjusted net debt/cast)* 86.9 (64.1)
FY 2025 (em) FY 2026 (@m)

Statutory Cont. ‘Total Cont Oise Total
Revenue 5066.3 = 5066.3 4,715.1 = 478A
Operating profit/loss) 222.6 49-278 465 63) 412
Profitfloss) before tax* 169.6 (24.4)
Total comprehensive income for
the year 161.7 49.0
EPS* 21.3 2.4)p
Net debt 9748 4,144.8
= Bonds, bank and other debt net

of (cash) (228.8) 13.7)
IFRS 16 lease liabilities 1,203.6 1,458.5

“Controls to the continuing operations comprising Fist Bus, First Rall, end Group items. is: refers to discontinued operations,
being First Stent, Frat Transit and Greyhound US.

1 Adjusted revenue is defined as revenue excluding that element of OT TOC revenue, and related intercompany elimination,
were the Group takes substatialy no revenue risk. The Adjusted revenue measure includes management and performance fee
income earned by he Group from ts OFT TOC contracts.

2 ‘Adjusted operating proi/loss and ‘Adjusted proftoss) before tax’ are before adjusting items asset out in note 3 to the
financial statements

{2 ‘Mdjusted earings are shown belor nat acusting tans and axclides IFAS 16 impacis in First Rail management fee operation,

4 ‘Acjusted EPS’ and EPS are based on the weighted average number of shares in the period ot §97.7m (FY 2024: 662:9m).llecting
the current year and prior year share buybacks.

'5 ‘Adjusted net debt/cash i bonds, bank and other deb nt of ree cash (.. excludes IFRS 16 lease lables and rng fenced cast.

16 “FY 2028 statutory operating oss of £1244) included predominantly non-cash charges of P142:3m relating to the Groun’s
termination ofits participation in two Local Government Pension Schemes during the year, wih an offsetting £160.4m gain nthe
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 02

115% Frirstous juste

operating profit grew 15% in FY 2025 due
to further data-led operational and yield
improvements, cost efficiencies, and
improved driver availability offsetting
inflationary pressures and lower funding.

123% First Bus adiacent

services revenue increased by 23%
in FY 2025 due to contract wins,
extensions and the contribution
of recently acquired businesses.

20% nthe end ot march 2028

First Bus had c.1,115 electric buses in
operation (c.20% of the fleet),
three fully electric depots and a further
ten depots substantially electrified

le London.

2.91M1 tut trains and Lume
reported 2.9m passenger journeys in

FY 2025, up from 2.7m in FY 2024, wit
very high levels of customer satisfaction;
the te operators recelved joint NPS
score of 60 for the 2024 calendar year.
Adjusted operating profit was up 14%
reflecting strong demand and effective
sid management.

£110.7M meorrtoce

financial performance in FY 2025 was
ahead of expectations and First Rail’s.
Additional services businesses grew
revenue by 13% to £110.7m.

At a glance

FirstGroup

Who we are

FirstGroup is one of the UK's leading private sector
operators of public transport, with two divisions,
First Bus and First Rail, operating a diverse
portfolio of transport services. We have

€.30,000 employees and carry almost 2 milion
passengers a day.

Our purpose

We provide efficient, reliable, safe and
increasingly sustainable transport links that
connect communities. Our businesses are at the
heart of our communities and the services we
provide are critical to ensuring local economies
are vibrant and robust.

Our strategy
Our four strategic pillars help us to drive value and
sustainable growth for all our stakeholders.

© ead more about our strategy on page 13

@ Leadin

environmental
and social
sustainability

Ey Drive modal
shift

Diversify our
portfolio

Deliver day in,
day out

Where we ops

— Avant West Coast vant)

— Great Western Railay (GWR) ef

= HutTains ia
%

= Luo “2,

1 First us operations

Governance report

Business split @ Fist Bus © Fist Ral

‘Adjusted revenve share (as 9 of Group)
a)

78% 22%

Adjusted EPS contribution (pence)
|

12.0p 5.2p 6.6p

@First Bus OQ Open Access/Other rail O OT TOCS

3

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 03

1 @ rind out more about FirstGroupontne

First Rell

First Bus is one of the largest bus companies
inthe UK, with decades of experience working
closely with local authorities and partners,
across the UK and Ireland. We carry more than
a million passengers a day and serve more
than 25% of the UK population with our
regional and London bus services.

Regional bus services
We provide tendered bus services for local
authorities and are a leading operator in the
majority of our local areas, including major
urban centres such as Glasgow, Bristol

and Leeds.

First Bus London

First Bus London was established in February
2025 following the acquisition of RATP London.
We operate c.90 Transport for London routes in
west and central London from ten depots,
serving 180 million passengers annually.

First Rail has more than 25 years of experience
in the rail sector, including as one of the UK's
leading operators for a number of years.

Open access
We have two open access rail operations,
Hull Trains and Lumo. We also operate the
Heathrow Express rail service on behalf of
Heathrow Airport.

Government-contracted operations
We have two DfT TOCs, Great Western Railway
(GWA) and West Coast Partnership (WCP),
which includes Avanti West Coast, and we
operated South Western Railway (SWR) from
May 2021 to 25 May 2025, when it transferred
to the DIT.

Transport for London contracts
We operate London Trams and the London
Cable Car on behalf of Transport for London.

Adjacent services

‘Alongside the operation of our commercial
networks, our Adjacent services business
provides a range of bus and coach services
including for schools, private tour operators,
airports and airlines, distribution centres and
‘major construction sites.

Additional services

First Rail's Additional services businesses,

First Customer Contact, Mistral Data and First

Rail Consultancy, offer a variety of solutions for

the rail industry, bringing experience, expertise
its to the sector.

113m

passenger
journeys a day

c.5,800

buses and coaches
{includes 1,115 zero.
emission buses)

c.70

depots

c.14,500

‘employees

800,000 c.3,819

passenger locomotives and

journeys a day carriages (includes
9,358 bi-mode or
electric trains)

C.383

stations.

c.16,000

employees

Chair’s statement

A vital sector
with huge

potential
@

FirstGroup has long been
instrumental in benefiting

the communities where we
operate, and we have delivered
unique and significant levels

of private sector investment
into our businesses, aligned to
the Government’s aims for UK
economic growth.”

Lena Wilson CBE
Chair

Financial statements

Lam very pleased to have joined the Board of
FirstGroup as Chair this year. | am excited about
the opportunities that exist to deliver great public
transport services for our customers and
‘employees in a sector that is vitally important to
the nation’s economy and to continue the good
progress the Group has made over recent years.

Since my appointment in February 2025, | have
Visited many of our bus and rail operations across
the country and have spent time with the Board
and with senior management teams to discuss
their plans and priorities for our businesses.

© ead more on page 79

Ihave also met our major shareholders to
Understand their views of the Group and the
opportunities available to us, as well as a number
of political stakeholders from various parties to
hhear their range of opinions and perspectives.

Itis clear to me from these discussions that public
transport is a sector that has huge potential as a
key driver for the UK's economy, contributing to the
Government's growth agenda. Our strong societal
purpose was one of the key aspects of FirstGroup
that attracted me to the position of Chait. First Rail
and First Bus play a vital role in the lives of our
customers as we deliver for them, day in and day
‘out. We are able to show, on a daily basis, how we
connect communities and help local economies
thrive, as well as accelerating the transition to a
zero-carbon world,

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 04

Investment

FirstGroup has long been instrumental in benefiting
the communities where we operate, and we have
delivered unique and significant levels of private
sector investment into our businesses, aligned to
the Government's aims for UK economic growth.
This includes more than £100m a year on electric
buses and infrastructure in First Bus, and you can
read elsewhere in this report how we have reached
‘a milestone of more than 1,000 zero emission
vehicles during the year. We now have zero
emission fleets based across the country, from
Hampshire to Aberdeen, Somerset to East Anglia,
‘demonstrating our national reach. We will continue
to capitalise on the benefits of our electrification
programme and leverage this expertise and
capability as we participate in bus franchising and
other partnership opportunities.

In First Rail, we placed a landmark £500m order
for new, UK-manufactured trains for our Hull Trains
and Lumo businesses, which are setting a new
benchmark for reliability and customer satisfaction
as well as delivering billions of pounds of economic
benefits along their routes, taking customers out of
caars and off planes onto rail. Approval by the Office
of Rail and Road for our other applications would
‘see a similar evel of investment by the Group,
‘securing jobs in UK manufacturing and contributing
further to UK economic growth,

‘These examples demonstrate that private sector
investment can play a key role in public transport
and we are keen to make ongoing UK investments.
However, we will continue to monitor all
opportunities for investing into other markets.

Introduction Strat ort

Chair's statement continued

Diversification

The Group's strategy, introduced in FY 2024, is,
underpinned by four strategic pillars which will
drive the Group forward over the next period,
diversification of our portfolio being one. For some
time, the Group has been working on creating a
diverse, quality and sustainable earnings base that
is less affected by changes in government policy.
With this in mind, we have completed a number of
strategic acquisitions in the year, of which the
largest was our re-entry into the London bus
market with a strong position.

(Our cash-generative businesses and strong
balance sheet allow us to invest in the transport
sector and continue to deliver returns for
shareholders. FirstGroup aims to keep growing
through both organic and inorganic activity.

We will continue to look for value-accretive
opportunities to grow and diversity our portfolio.
that fits with our disciplined capital allocation
policy and strict set of investment and risk criteria
I believe the management, supported by the Board,
is well placed to deliver this outcome.

‘Sustainability

Leading in environmental and social sustainability is
also a pillar of the Group's strategy. | am delighted
that the Group published its first Climate Transition
Plan in March. As a leading public transport
operator, we have a critical role to play in the
climate transition, and setting out our structured
and ambitious approach to help achieve this is an
important step in our sustainability journey.

Governance report Financial statements

| was pleased that First Bus has become a Real
Living Wage employer, the largest bus operator in
the country to do so. The Group's First Connections.
programme for women and ethnically diverse
‘employees has gone from strength to strength, and
| was delighted to take part in an event marking
International Women’s Day in the first few weeks

‘of my tenure. The Group's apprenticeship
programmes are also well established and are
delivering results. For example, 95% of Lumo's
‘operational workforce began on apprenticeships.

Our people
fam deeply impressed by the unwavering
‘commitment and dedication of our more than
30,000 colleagues in delivering essential transport
services that millions of our customers depend on.
Ona personal level, 'd like to thank everyone | have
met throughout the Group for making me feel
welcome, and on behalf of the Board, l extend my
heartfelt gratitude to all our employees for their
hard work throughout the year and for their
Continued support of our customers and developing
effective local relationships in our communities.

The Board and corporate activity

You can read more about the Board evaluation
which took place in the year on page 81. We held
‘Board meetings in several locations this year,
including a visit to GWR's battery train testing site
and First Bus's Bramley depot, which you can read
more about on page 78.

| would also thank my predecessor as
Non-executive Chairman, David Martin, for his
service to the Group during his five-year term.

We have a disciplined capital allocation policy
which allows us to maintain our investment in
decarbonisation and continue to diversify our
‘earnings, while delivering returns to shareholders.

The £115m on-market share buyback programme
was completed during the year and our subsequent
£50m programme was completed in March 2025,

In light of the Group's strong performance in

FY 2028, the Board has proposed a final dividend
of 4.8p per share, which is subject to shareholder
approval at the Group's 2025 AGM. Our positive
‘cash generation and strong balance sheet allow us
to capitalise on opportunities to grow our business
{as our industries transition, to continue to grow
our dividend, and to provide further potential
returns to shareholders.

Conclusion

With a large reach in the bus and rail sectors across
the country, a strong balance sheet and our vital
purpose, | am confident in the opportunities ahead
{or FirstGroup. There is no doubt that public
transport is in a period of transition as a result of
the policies of the new Government and devolved
‘administrations, but the Group is in a good position
to respond to these changing dynamics through our
‘work to strengthen our businesses and invest, to
diversify and to grow.

| can already see huge potential after my first

four months - not least because we are fortunate

to have so many dedicated and experienced
colleagues who are working together to shape a
bright and sustainable future. The Group is in a
strong position and well placed to deliver against
our strategy in both First Bus and First Rall

Lena Wilson CBE
Chair

10 June 2025

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025

£230m

in acquisitions and
investment in bus
fleet and
infrastructure

c.1,115

zero emission buses

6.5p

Proposed total
dividend

05

Introduction

The UK bus market

Industry revenue in 2024

£7.0bn
2.2bn

passenger journeys made per annum

New government policy

Bus Services Bill

The Government launched its Bus Services
Bill in late 2024. Designed to improve bus
services and provide enhanced connections,
the new legislation will ive all local authorities
the opportunity to take back control of local
bus services, by supporting them to introduce
bus franchising. The Bill will also remove

the current ban on municipal ownership.
Enhanced partnerships remain an option for
local authorities to work with operators to
<eliver similar improvements in bus services.

Governance report

Our addressable markets

Financial statements,

Contracts overview

In London, bus operations are regulated by
Transport for London, with each individual route
forming a contract which is bid for by authorised
private sector operators. Transport for London (TIL)
decides the contract specifications for a given bus
route, controls ticket prices and collects passenger
revenue. Operators own the buses and depots, and
recruit and employ drivers to run routes.

Outside of London, for the majority of services
aside from franchising and enhanced partnerships,
operators set timetables and fares on a commercial
basis. A small proportion of services are operated
‘on behalf of local authorities on a contract basis,
where revenues are insufficient to support the
operators. In England, following the introduction

of franchising in Manchester, a number of mayoral
authorities have indicated that franchising is

their preferred future option taking control of

the bus routes, services, timetables and service
quality standards.

Adjacent services

The Adjacent services market in the UK bus sector
includes bus and coach services that complement
traditional bus operations. These include private
hire services for events, school transport and tours,
airport services, workplace shuttles, scheduled
express services and rail replacement services.

The UK rail market

Industry revenue in 2024

£10.3bn
1.6bn

passenger journeys made per annum

New government policy

Rail Services Bill

‘The Government launched a consultation on its
draft Railways Bill in February 2025. If passed,
the legislation will include the establishment of a
‘new public body, Great British Raiways (GBR).
‘The aim of GBR is to simplify and streamline the
UK's ral system, improve customer experience
‘with modernised ticketing systems and fares,
lower costs and improve the overall efficiency of
the network, Headquartered in Derby, GBR will
oversee the operation of the Department for,
‘Transport’s (DIT's) passenger ral contracts,
which do not include open access operations
and c.20% of passenger rail services, mainly in
Scotland and Wales, and assume the ownership
‘and management of most ralway infrastructure.

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 06

Contracts overview

Under the terms of the DIT concession-based
"National Rail Contracts, operators bear no revenue
risk and very limited cost risk. Operators earn an
‘annual management fee for service delivery, with the
‘opportunity to earn additional performance-based
revenue. The Government passed legislation in
November 2024 allowing for the nationalisation of
passenger train operators; as a result, the OfT-
contracted train operating companies will be
transferred to Great British Railways over the next
few years.

Open access - there are currently five open access
train operating companies in the UK (three long-
distance operators, Heathrow Express and Eurostar
Open access operators bear all commercial risk and
opportunity. They make all commercial decisions
including ticket pricing, and set working terms and
conditions. The track access charging regime for
open access operators takes into account the fact
that they do not receive government subsidies. Data
shows that, in 2026/26, Lumo will pay around 10%
‘more than LNER per train mile and around 35% more
than Avanti West Coast.

Open access Track Access Agreements are currently
awarded by the Office of Rall and Road (ORF),
typically for ten years, with scope for renewal. Routes
are awarded where there isa clear business case they
will promote competition forthe benefit of passengers,
generate sufficient new revenue and provide wider
‘economic benefits for the communities they serve.

a \
Open access rail operators are
connecting communities, stimulating
demand and delivering economic and
environmental benefits across the UK.
Open access has been a hugely successful
aspect ofthe ral industry over the last 25 years,
connecting previously under-served places and
providing additional capacity, which helps drive
‘more people towards rail and away from less.
sustainable forms of transport. Services are
provided entirely at the operator's own
‘commercial risk and bring private investment
into the sector. They create jobs and milions
cf pounds in economic benefit to the UK,
while driving modal shift in public transport.

Our market drivers

Decarbonisation

Introduction

Public transport plays a critical role in supporting
decarbonisation and environmental objectives.
By investing in the decarbonisation of fleets and
infrastructure and actively incentivising and
accelerating modal shift from private cars.

to buses and trains, especially zero and low
‘emission ones, we can reduce congestion,
improve air quality and create green jobs.

Governance report Financial statements

In First Bus, we continue to commit significant
investment and make use of innovative financing
and strategic partnerships to deliver our
decarbonisation programme. We have more than
1,000 zero emission buses, with three fully and

a further ten substantially electrified depots
outside London. In First Rail, we are leading

trials of battery train technologies, low-carbon
fuels, and collaborating with Network Rail to
improve energy efficiency and expand track
electrification. Our open access rail operations
are helping to drive modal shift from car and air
travel to rail, and thanks to Lumo's fully electric
fleet and Hull Trains’ bi-mode fleet, our emissions
are lower than most other UK rail companies.

r —
| Lowering emissions
‘The transport sector represents 26% of the
| Uk’s annual carbon emissions and is the single
largest contributor to it. Private car usage alone
accounts for 52% of these transport emissions.
In contrast, buses, coaches and trains
collectively contribute only 4%.
1 wwn.govuk/eovernmentsttisticatransport-
‘andenvironmentstatisties-202a/transpor-and-
‘envronmentstatistics-2023,

>

.

Modal shift

Modal shift is crucial for reducing congestion,
lowering emissions, and improving air quality.
By encouraging people to switch from private
cars and air travel to bus, coach and rail, we
can reduce congestion and significantly reduce
the carbon footprint of the transport sector.

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025

07

We are expanding our portfolio to extend our
reach and services, adding capacity to existing
‘operations and repositioning and improving our
‘customer proposition to encourage more people
to travel on our services. We are also working
closely with local authorities and communities to
develop tailored solutions that meet the specific
transport needs of different regions.

© ead more on what wo're doing to
Grive modal shit on page 14

Favourable demographics

{As the UK population grows and cities
become more densely populated, the demand for
efficient and reliable public transport increases.
Car ownership is also decining in the youth
demographic and customers are increasingly
environmentally aware, preferring more
sustainable modes of transport.

Akey area of focus for the Group is to enhance
‘our engagement with customers and to make our
services more attractive and accessible to all
‘age groups. We are also expanding our services
to meet and stimulate demand, delivering
infrastructure projects to enhance facilities,

and working alongside our partners to create
integrated transport systems to make it easier
for customers to switch between different modes

of transport.
—_/

New technologies

‘The innovative use of new technologies is
transforming public transport services.
Operators have increased visibility of large
numbers of customers and can stimulate
‘demand with real-time information, contactless
payments, smart ticketing and enhanced
customer service. Data analysis and tools are
also being used to improve service reliability and
efficiency and to support sustainability initiatives,
such as optimising the use of zero or iow
‘emission buses and trains.

Our actions

First Bus was the first regional bus operator in the
UK to roll out ‘Tap On, Tap Off" (TOTO) payment
technology across our entire fleet. We are also
using our real-time granular data and software tools
to improve service delivery, continuously enhance
our networks and timetables, and introduce new
ticketing options that better match customer
demand and preferences. In First Rail, we are
‘making use of new digital tools in our customer
contact centre and our Mistral Data business is,
providing industry-leading products and services
to'a number of train operating companies,

including operational, staff messaging and
‘customer engagement systems.

r ee
Mistral Data at the )
forefront of innovation |
First Rail's Mistral Data integrates customers’
datasets, providing a range of cloud-based,
real-time tools for transport operators,
infrastructure providers and manufacturers.
‘This leaves Mistral well positioned to support
the delivery of effective and cohesive data and
tools across the industry as it transitions,

and beyond.

~
( Data-led ticketing improvements
| First Bus offers TOTO ticketing on its |
services. This allows customers to use their |
contactless bank card or phone to pay their |

fares, which are calculated based on taps
made when boarding and alighting the bus. |
Fares are capped atthe price of adaily or |
weekly ticket. This allows First Bus to |
|

charge more granular fares, better reflecting
the journey distance, which avoids pricing
people out of shorter journeys.

Introduction tegic reps

Our market drivers continued

Funding

Sustained, long-term funding supports the
delivery of vital public transport services and
infrastructure, and brings certainty, which can
leverage significant investment and expertise from
the private sector, including in decarbonisation.
Looking ahead, transport authorities will need
capital funding to support bus priority and tackle
‘congestion, and authorities looking to pursue
franchising will need more generous and
sustainable capital allocations to deliver the
programmes, to purchase assets and deliver
(on their decarbonisation ambitions.

Governance report Financial statements

Our actions

We have already invested over £300m in
the decarbonisation of our fleet and depot
infrastructure in First Bus, having secured
over £125m in government co-funding. In rail,
industry data for 2023/24 showed that
collectively private sector train companies
reduced their government subsidy by over

a quarter (c.£550m) against the prior year,
‘compared with public sector train companies
which increased their subsidy by 0.45%.

Electrification

Alongside environmental benefits, the
electrification of fleets and infrastructure

can reduce operating costs, improve energy
efficiency, and enhance reliability and
performance. Electrification can also unlock
adjacent revenue streams including third party
charging, battery storage, and recycling

and consultancy opportunities.

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 08

Our actions

In First Bus, we are starting to see the benefits of
‘operating a fully electric bus depot. We were also
the UK's first bus operator to offer access to our
electric vehicle charging infrastructure to other
organisations, including DPD, Openreach and
Centrica, as well as to eHGVs and smaller bus
‘operators. Through our joint venture with Hitachi
‘we are using smart software to optimise our
‘energy use and battery charging and we will
retain much of the residual value of the

batteries financed through the partnership

when they are taken off our buses with material
second-life value.

Creating value
in the supply chain

By sourcing goods and services locally bus
and rail operators support and help to grow UK
‘suppliers and manufacturing. Public transport
networks also enhance the efficiency, reliability
and sustainability of supply chains, creating
significant value for businesses and
communities alike.

Our actions
FirstGroup generated £1.44bn of Gross Value
‘Added (GVA) contribution to the UK economy

in its 2022 financial year, spending £2.44bn

(on goods and services provided by UK firms.
Looking ahead, in December 2024 we announced
that we had signed an agreement to lease 14 new
Hitachi electric, battery electric or bi-mode trains
at a cost of c.£500m to facilitate the growth of
‘our open access services. The trains will be
‘manufactured by Hitachi in County Durham,
securing the skills base and jobs in the local area.

A landmark £500m train order
to support UK manufacturing
Significant investment and expertise from the
private sector alongside long-term funding
supports the delivery of vital public transport
services and infrastructure, and brings
certainty tothe sector. FirstGroups landmark
€.£500m train order wil allow the Group to
expand its open access portfolio and,
importantly, wil help to secure the factory's
future and create certainty forthe skis base
and jobs in the local area. The lease agreement
also provides the Group the option to invest
another ¢.£460m, ona further 13 trans, should
its ongoing applications for new open access

\ services be successful

Social and economic growth

Public transport networks are the lifeblood of
vibrant towns and cities, and can stimulate local
economies by improving access to markets,
leisure destinations, jobs and services. This

can lead to increased economic activity and the
Creation of new business opportunities along
transport routes.

Our actions
‘Our businesses are at the heart of our communities,
with the vast majority of our workforce recruited
{from our local areas, including some with high
rates of unemployment. In April 2024, First Bus
became a Real Living Wage employer, the first
major bus operator to do so, and based on
independent research, our two open access rail
‘operations, Hull Trains and Lumo, are on track

to contribute a collective £1.4bn in economic
benefits by the end of their track access
agreements in 2032 and 2033, J

Government policy

There is significant government support and
| | recognition that bus and rail travel is a cost-

effective and quick mechanism to achieve modal
shift from private car use, to lower emissions,
improve congestion in our towns and cities and
to support governments’ levelling-up and
growth agendas.

Our actions

In First Bus we have taken part in the
government's £2 and subsequent £3 fare |
cap schemes in England and the free travel
scheme for under 22s in Scotland, and believe
that targeted funding for young people can |
encourage life long bus use. In First Rail, we
have delivered a number of multi-million pound
fleet upgrades and infrastructure projects for
the DIT to enhance services and customer
experience, and to improve station and
integrated travel facilities.

Introduction

Our business model

Strengths and resources

Our people
ur ¢.30,000 employees are at the heart of our
business and have the skills, expertise and
knowledge to drive our future success.

© Read more about our people on page 39

‘Our network and fleets

We operate ¢.5,800 buses and more than,
3,700 locomotives and rail carriages across
the UK.

New technologies

We embrace new technologies and ways of
‘working to deliver easier, more convenient,
efficient and sustainable mobility solutions,
for our customers and partners.

© Fead more about innovation on page 37

Our expertise

We have a depth of experience and proven
expertise in bus and rail transport, and an
unwavering focus on safety and reliability

Our relationships

Establishing new and maintaining long-held
relationships with local and national
‘government decision makers at all levels are

essential to our success as a partner of choice.

Our stable financial platform

‘Our business is cash generative, and we have
balance sheet capacity to enable long-term
service continuity and allow us to grow and
diversify our portfolio.

© head more about our
financial platform on page 26

United by our Values

@ Find out more about FirstGroup online

Governance report Financial statements,

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 09

We are a leader in transport and a key partner to a wide range of stakeholders. Our business model leverages our
strengths and resources to create value for all of our stakeholders and to continue to grow and diversify our business.

Our operations

First Bus

ing, experienced and
‘commercially agile operator with
‘a large and diverse portfolio.

Our diverse portfolio

Revenues are mainly derived trom passenger
ticket sales and concessionary fare schemes
(reimbursements by local authorities for

passengers entitled to free or reduced fares).

Income is also generated through tendered local
bus services and bespoke bus and coach
contracts for businesses or one-off events, as
well as services for local authorities such as Park
& Ride schemes. Bus operators also receive
funding to support the affordability and
availablity of services, including the Bus
Services Operators Grant in England, with
similar schemes in Scotland and Wales.

© ead more about the bus market
dnd First Bus on pages 06 and 20

First Reill

Deep sector experience and expertise,
with cash-generative operations including
increasing contribution from open access
and additional services.

Committed to
‘our customers

‘Supportive of
each other

In our two successful open access operations,
Hull Trains and Lumo, we make all commercial
decisions and retain all revenue cost opportunity
and risk. Our two DfT-TOCs, GWR and WP

are operated under National Rail Contracts,
where operators bear no revenue risk and very
limited cost risk. Operators earn an annual
‘management fee and additional revenue based
on performance.

First Rail also generates income through its
Additional services businesses, which we are
looking to scale as we believe private sector
ancillary services suppliers will continue to be
vital to the success of the rail industry, bringing
experience, expertise and benefits to the sector.
© Read more about the rail market

and First Rail on pages 06 and 23

© Read more about open access on page 24

Dedicated
to safety

Setting the
highest standards

Delivering for our stakeholders

Customers

Safe, reliable, value-for-money and

easy-to-use travel services for millions
of passengers each year.

Employees

‘A workforce representative of our
‘communities. Quality jobs with
‘opportunities to grow and learn in
a safe, supportive and inclusive
working environment,

‘Communities
‘Stronger economies and local

‘communities through good local services

Government
Efficient and reliable transport services
that meet wider policy objectives

‘such as social and economic growth,
‘decarbonisation and improved air quality.

‘Strategic partners and suppliers
Long-term relationships that optimise
value, mitigate risk and increase
sustainability and ethical standards

in our value chain.

Investors
Sustainable financial performance and
long-term value creation underpinned
by a disciplined capital allocation
policy balanced between investment,
(growth and shareholder returns.

Read more about engaging with
‘our stakeholders on page 54

Accountable for
performance

Introduction

Chief Executive Officer’s review

Further

growth and
diversification

@

In FY 2025 we have
successfully executed our
strategy, further strengthened
our businesses and grown and
diversified our portfolio despite
high inflation and the impact of
public policy changes.”

Graham Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

Governance report Financial statements

Introduction

FY 2025 has been another year of strong
performance, further reinforcing our track record
for delivery. Our adjusted operating profit has
{grown to £222.8m, from £204.3m in FY 2024,

and our adjusted earnings per share (‘EPS’) has
increased to 19.4p (FY 2024: 16.7p), with higher
earnings benefiting from the buyback programmes
we completed during the year. We have also
recently completed a corporate restructuring to
deliver significant cost savings and are well placed
to at least maintain our adjusted EPS in FY 2026,
off a stronger more diversified earnings base.

Continued growth in First Bus

We have improved our First Bus business over the
last few years, growing revenues from £780m in
FY 2022 to over fbn in FY 2025 despite lower
‘government funding. This is a great achievement
and testament to the hard work and actions

the team has taken to strengthen and grow

the business.

In H2 2025 we delivered on our adjusted operating
margin target of 10.0% excluding the contribution
from London. For the full year First Bus has.
reported revenue of £1,081.5m (FY 2024
£1,012.2m) and adjusted operating profit of
£96.0m (FY 2024: £83.6m), despite a 217m
reduction in funding. This reflects further
operational improvements, network and cost
efficiencies, increased driver numbers, our newer
electric fleet and the contribution of the businesses
‘we acquired in FY 2025 and FY 2024,

16% £90m

growth in acquisition of
Adjusted EPS RATP London

2

new rail open access
routes acquired

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2025 10

Following the introduction of the £3 fare cap in
England in January 2025, replacing the £2 cap, we
introduced a clear and simple distance-based fare
structure and the resulting yield increases outpaced
a slight decline in passenger volumes in H2 2025.
For the full year, passenger volumes grew by c.2%
(excluding the extra week in FY 2024).

Entering the London bus market

at scale

‘At the end of February, we completed the 280m
acquisition of RATP London. This was a significant
acquisition for the Group as the market recovers
land has allowed us to enter London with a .12%
market share. The business, now named First Bus
London contributed revenue of ¢.£23.2m and
adjusted operating profit of £0.6m in March 2025.
‘As the route contracts evolve over the next five
years, we anticipate annual revenues of £300-
£350m, with operating margins in line with historical
London levels of 6-796. We are very pleased to
welcome RATP London's employees to the

Group and the integration of the business is
progressing well.

Increased revenue contribution

from Adjacent services

‘As a result of further contract wins and extensions,
and the contribution of the businesses we have
acquired over the last two years, our Adjacent
services revenue has grown from £219.8m in FY
2024 to £270.8m in FY 2025. We have continued
to bolster our portfolio during the year, with the
acquisitions of Anderson Travel, Lakeside Coaches
land Matthews Coach Hie in Ireland, and a new
contract with Flixbus.

Leaders in electrification

We invested c.888m in First Bus in FY 2025, mostly
In decarbonisation, net of c.£22m of government
co-funding, At the end of March 2025, c.20% of our
bus fleet was zero emission and we now have three
fully electric depots and a further ten substantially
electrified depots and electrification underway

ata further five depots outside of London. As well
as lowering emissions we are benefiting from
electrification operational and cost efficiencies and
making use of smart technologies to optimise our
battery charging and energy use.