Across the Markets: FirstGroup, Tesco, Genedrive 2026-06-18 08:36:14 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Tesco (TSCO) , FirstGroup (FGP) , Genedrive (GDR) Tesco Despite happier customers boosting revenues marginally, the market gave a cold shoulder to the grocery giant’s Q1 update this morning. Shares slumped at the open with concern that the uptick wasn’t keeping pace with inflation plus the fact that the wholesale Booker operation showed contraction. These numbers also came against some tough comparatives and although management reiterated full year profit targets as remining on track, the Tesco share price was still down more than 3% in early trade. FirstGroup Full year numbers are out from transport provider FirstGroup this morning with the market happy to focus on the 25% increase in revenues against flat profitability. Cost savings have been delivered and strong cash conversion has also paved the way for a meaningful increase in the dividend from 6.5p to 7.2p, whilst a £100m share buyback was also announced. Noting these numbers have come against significant headwinds, management expect the outperformance to be sustained from the higher quality earnings base that is being built. The First Group share price was up almost 6% in early trade. Genedrive AIM-listed genetics testing company Genedrive announced this morning that Manchester University NHS hospitals have now adopted the company’s technology as standard practice for the prevention of Antibiotic Induced Hearing Loss in early born children. The process has already been adopted in some other NHS trusts and the company remains in active conversations with hospitals across the UK for further rolling out the service. The Genedrive share price was up as much as 13% at the opening bell but gains were proving difficult to sustain. Most read news on Investegate this morning AGM Trading Update - - Tinybuild Inc. (DI) (Reg s, CAT 3) (TBLD) Q1 Trading Statement 2026/27 - - Tesco (TSCO) Meridian: Accelerator Identity & Platform Launch - - Defence Holdings PLC (ALRT) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago CMC Markets 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs 2 hours ago Shell 2 hours ago Bunzl 2 hours ago VP All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and