BETA Close X FirstGroup plc has submitted its 2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements, along with the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting and a Form of Proxy, to the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism and its own website. These documents, which include details on significant events and their financial impact, are consistent with the company's full-year results announcement made on 18 June 2026. Disclaimer* 01 July 2026 FirstGroup plc Annual Report and Financial Statements and Annual General Meeting In accordance with LR 9.6.1R, FirstGroup plc (the "Company") has today submitted copies of the documents listed below to the Financial Conduct Authority's National Storage Mechanism. These documents will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism 2026 Annual Report and Financial Statements (the "2026 Annual Report") Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting (the "2026 AGM Notice") Form of Proxy As required by DGTR 6.3.5R (3), the 2026 Annual Report, the 2026 AGM Notice and proxy form are also available on the Company's website at www.firstgroupplc.com . A condensed set of the FirstGroup plc financial statements, including information on important events that have occurred during the year and their impact on the financial statements, were included in the Company's announcement of its full year results published on 18 June 2026 ("Results Announcement"). The Results Announcement is available for viewing on the Company's website at www.firstgroupplc.com . LEI: 549300DEJZCPWA4HKM93 Enquiries: David Blizzard General Counsel and Company Secretary +44 (0)20 7291 0505 AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies FirstGroup (FGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 30 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 44 minutes ago CLS Holdings 45 minutes ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 46 minutes ago Barr (A.G.) 53 minutes ago Grainger All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and