BETA Close X FirstGroup plc's subsidiary, Specialist Passenger Solutions, has secured a significant five-year contract to operate worker transport and shuttle services for the Sizewell C nuclear power plant construction site, commencing July 2026. This new operation will utilize approximately 150 zero-emission buses, including hydrogen and electric models, and is projected to create around 400 new jobs. This award is expected to further bolster FirstGroup's Business and Coach segment, which has seen revenues double to £230 million in FY 2026, building on their experience at Hinkley Point C. Disclaimer* FIRSTGROUP PLC sizewell C Transport services contract award FirstGroup plc (the `Group') announces the award of the Sizewell C bus transport services contract, further strengthening the Group's Business and Coach portfolio. The Group's subsidiary, Specialist Passenger Solutions (SPS) is delighted to have been awarded the contract to operate worker transport and site shuttle services from points across Suffolk, to and from the Sizewell C nuclear power plant construction site. The contract has a term of up to five years from July 2026 and SPS will operate a modern, zero emission fleet of c.150 buses, including hydrogen and electric buses, provided to SPS by Sizewell C Ltd. The new SPS operation is also expected to create around 400 new jobs, including drivers, engineers and support staff. At peak construction, it is estimated that nearly 8,000 workers will be working at Sizewell C. SPS will be able to make use of its extensive experience from its operations at Hinkley Point C in Somerset where it has successfully managed workforce transport for the UK's largest construction site since 2016 and currently transports more than 12,000 people a day. Commenting, Graham Sutherland, FirstGroup Chief Executive Officer said: "Growing and diversifying our Bus portfolio is a strategic priority for the Group. This important contract builds on the work we have done over the last few years to bolster our Business and Coach segment, where we have seen revenues double, to £230m in FY 2026." "We are delighted to have been awarded the Sizewell C contract and look forward to supporting the delivery of one of the UK's most significant infrastructure projects." Contacts at FirstGroup: Marianna Bowes, Head of Investor Relations Stephen Bethel, Director of Brand & Communications corporate.comms@firstgroup.co.uk Tel: +44 (0) 20 7725 3354 Contacts at Brunswick Group: Simone Selzer / Charlotte Millington Tel: +44 (0) 20 7404 5959 Contacts at Panmure Liberum: Nicholas How / Satbir Kler Tel: +44 (0) 20 3100 2000 Contacts at RBC Europe Limited: James Agnew / Elliot Thomas Tel: +44 (0) 20 7653 4000 Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DEJZCPWA4HKM93. About FirstGroup FirstGroup plc (LSE: FGP.L) is a leading private sector provider of public transport services. With around 30,000 employees, we reported revenue of £1.72 billion and transported almost 1.5m passengers a day in FY 2026. We create solutions that reduce complexity, making travel smoother and life easier. Our businesses are at the heart of our communities and the essential services we provide are critical to delivering wider economic, social and environmental goals. Each of our divisions is a leader in its field: First Bus is one of the largest bus operators in the UK, serving more than 20% of the population in the UK with a fleet of c.6,000 buses and coaches, and carrying more than a million passengers a day. First Rail is one of the UK's most experienced rail operators, with many years of experience running long-distance, commuter, regional and sleeper rail services. We operate a fleet of c.320 trains through two DfT contracted train operating companies: WCP (incorporating Avanti West Coast and West Coast Partnership Development) and GWR, and three open access routes (Hull Trains and two under the Lumo brand). We are formally committed to operating a zero emission commercial bus fleet by 2035, and First Rail will help support the UK Government's goal to remove all diesel-only trains from service by 2040. During FY 2026 FirstGroup received MSCI's highest possible ESG rating of AAA, was named one of the world's cleanest 200 public companies for the seventh consecutive year, was ranked in the top decile for its industry by ISS based on its ESG Performance Score and holds Yearbook membership with S&P Global. We provide easy and convenient mobility, improving quality of life by connecting people and communities. Visit our website at www.firstgroupplc.com and follow us on LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/company/first-group. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies FirstGroup (FGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Greggs 3 hours ago Greggs 4 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 4 hours ago CLS Holdings 4 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and