Uber 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 8, 2026 UBER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-38902 45-2647441 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1725 Third Street San Francisco , California 94158 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (415) 612-8582 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share UBER New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On February 8, 2026, Uber Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an agreement with Mubadala Investment Company to acquire Getir Perakende Lojistik A.Ş.’s (“Getir”) delivery portfolio in Türkiye, including food, grocery, retail, and water delivery. The transaction is structured in phases with the agreement to acquire 100% of Getir’s food delivery business at the outset, for $335 million in cash on a cash and debt free basis. Getir’s food delivery business generated over $1 billion in gross bookings in 2025, up more than 50% from the prior year on a constant currency basis. In addition, Uber will invest $100 million to acquire a 15% stake in Getir’s grocery, retail and water delivery business. The acquisition of the remainder of Getir’s delivery portfolio across grocery, retail and water delivery is expected to close in the next few years, subject to certain operating and financial performance conditions being met. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions, with the acquisition of the food delivery business expected to close in the second half of 2026. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing. Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains statements regarding our future business expectations which involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “hope,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “objective,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors relate to, among others: risks and uncertainties related to the pending acquisition, including the failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect us or the expected benefits of the proposed transaction, or the failure to satisfy any of the closing conditions to the proposed transaction on a timely basis or at all; costs, expenses or difficulties related to the acquisition of the Getir businesses; failure to realize the expected benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction in the expected timeframes or at all; the potential impact of the announcement, pendency or consummation of the proposed transaction on relationships with the Company’s and/or Getir’s employees, merchants, suppliers, delivery partners and other business partners; the risk of litigation or regulatory actions to us or Getir; inability to retain key personnel; changes in legislation or government regulations affecting us or Getir; the potential impact of the acquisition on our financial results; and economic financial, social or political conditions that could adversely affect us, Getir or the proposed transaction. For additional information on other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and subsequent quarterly reports, annual reports and other filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. All information provided in this release and in the attachments is as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and any statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Undue reliance should not be placed on the statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Press Release issued February 9, 2026. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. UBER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Date: February 9, 2026 By: /s/ Dara Khosrowshahi Dara Khosrowshahi Chief Executive Officer