Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 63 Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 90 Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 92 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 174 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 174 Item 9B: Other Information 174 Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 175 Part III Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 175 Item 11: Executive Compensation 175 Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 175 Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 176 Item 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services 176 Part IV Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 177 Item 16: Form 10-K Summary 182 Signatures 183 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the terms “we,” “our” or “us” used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “10-K”) refer to CVS Health Corporation (a Delaware corporation), together with its subsidiaries (collectively, “CVS Health” or the “Company”). References to competitors and other companies throughout this 10-K, including the information incorporated herein by reference, are for illustrative or comparison purposes only and are not identifying that these companies are the only competitors or closest competitors of the Company or any of the Company’s businesses, products, or services. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING STATEMENTS The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Reform Act”) provides a “safe harbor” for statements, so long as (1) those statements are identified as , and (2) the statements are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements that identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the statement. We want to take advantage of these safe harbor provisions. Certain information contained in this 10-K is within the meaning of the Reform Act or Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules. This information includes, but is not limited to: “Trends and Uncertainties” of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) included in Item 7, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” included in Item 7A, “Government Regulation” included in Item 1, and “Risk Factors” included in Item 1A. In addition, throughout this 10-K and our other reports and communications, we use the following words or variations or negatives of these words and similar expressions when we intend to identify statements: · Anticipates · Believes · Can · Continue · Could · Estimates · Evaluate · Expects · Explore · Forecast · Guidance · Intends · Likely · May · Might · Outlook · Plans · Potential · Predict · Probable · Projects · Seeks · Should · View · Will All statements addressing the future operating performance of CVS Health or any segment or any subsidiary and/or future events or developments, including, but not limited to, statements relating to the Company’s investment portfolio, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition, statements relating to corporate strategy, statements relating to future revenue, operating income or adjusted operating income, earnings per share or adjusted earnings per share, Health Care Benefits segment business, sales results and/or trends, medical cost trends, medical membership, Medicare Part D membership, medical benefit ratios and/or operations, Health Services segment business, sales results and/or trends and/or operations, Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment business, sales results and/or trends and/or operations, incremental investment spending, interest expense, effective tax rate, share count, cash flow from operations, net capital expenditures, cash available for debt repayment, statements related to possible, proposed, pending or completed acquisitions, joint ventures, investments or combinations that involve, among other things, the timing or likelihood of receipt of regulatory approvals, the timing of completion, integration synergies, net synergies and integration risks and other costs, enterprise modernization, transformation, leverage ratio, cash available for enhancing shareholder value, inventory reduction, turn rate and/or loss rate, debt ratings and actions taken by ratings agencies, the Company’s ability to attract or retain customers and clients, store development and/or relocations, new product development, and the impact of industry and regulatory developments, as well as statements expressing optimism or pessimism about future operating results or events, are statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. statements rely on a number of estimates, assumptions and projections concerning future events, and are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties and other factors are outside our control. Certain additional risks and uncertainties and other factors are described under “Risk Factors” included in Item 1A of this 10-K; these are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. There can be no assurance that the Company has identified all the risks that may affect it. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes to be immaterial also may adversely affect the Company’s businesses. If any of those risks or uncertainties develops into actual events, those events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s businesses, operating results, cash flows, financial condition and/or stock price, among other effects. You should not put undue reliance on statements. Any statement speaks only as of the date of this 10-K, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, uncertainties or otherwise. 1 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Overview CVS Health Corporation, together with its subsidiaries (collectively, “CVS Health,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”), is a leading health solutions company building a world of health around every consumer it serves and connecting care so that it works for people wherever they are. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 9,000 retail locations, more than 1,000 and primary care medical clinics and a leading pharmacy benefits manager with approximately 87 million plan members and expanding specialty pharmacy solutions. We serve an estimated more than 37 million people through traditional, voluntary and health insurance products and related services, including expanding Medicare Advantage offerings and a leading standalone Medicare Part D prescription drug plan (“PDP”). We are creating new sources of value through our integrated model allowing us to expand into personalized, technology driven care delivery and health services, increasing access to quality care, delivering better health outcomes and lowering overall health care costs. The Company has four reportable segments: Health Care Benefits, Health Services, Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness and Corporate/Other. Business Strategy Our ambition at CVS Health is to be America’s most trusted health care company. Our purpose is to simplify health care one person, one family and one community at a time. Across our unique collection of businesses, our work is rooted in our values: we care, we innovate with purpose, we are accountable and we prioritize safety and quality. Our strategy is focused on simplifying health care experiences, improving engagement, lowering costs and delivering better health outcomes. We expect to create sustainable shareholder value by delivering execution, transforming consumer experiences, being the partner of choice and harnessing enterprise capabilities, enabled by innovation and capital stewardship. Health Care Benefits Segment The Health Care Benefits segment operates as one of the nation’s leading diversified health care benefits providers through its Aetna ® operations, serving an estimated more than 37 million people as of December 31, 2025. The Health Care Benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The Health Care Benefits segment offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary and health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental and behavioral health plans, medical management capabilities, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, PDPs and Medicaid health care management services. The Health Care Benefits segment’s primary customers, its members, primarily access the segment’s products and services through employer groups, plans or individually. The Health Care Benefits segment also serves customers who purchase products and services that are ancillary to its health insurance products. Health Care Benefits Products and Services The Company refers to insurance products (where it assumes all or a majority of the risk for medical and dental care costs) as “Insured” and administrative services contract products (where the plan sponsor assumes all or a majority of the risk of medical and dental care costs) as “ASC.” Health Care Benefits segment products and services consist of the following: • Commercial Medical : The Health Care Benefits segment offers (“POS”), preferred provider organization (“PPO”), health maintenance organization (“HMO”) and indemnity benefit (“Indemnity”) plans. Commercial medical products also include health savings accounts (“HSAs”) and health plans that combine traditional POS or PPO and/or dental coverage, subject to a deductible, with an accumulating benefit account (which may be funded by the plan sponsor and/or the member in the case of HSAs). Principal products and services are targeted specifically to large national, and small employers, individual insureds and expatriates. The Company offers medical stop loss insurance coverage for certain employers who elect to their health benefits. Under medical stop loss insurance products, the Company assumes risk for costs associated with large individual claims and/or aggregate loss experience within an employer’s plan above a annual threshold. The segment also has a portfolio of additional health products and services that complement its medical products such as dental plans, behavioral health and employee assistance products, provider network access and vision products. The Company also sold Insured plans directly to individual consumers through the individual public health insurance exchanges (“Public Exchanges”) through the year 2 ended December 31, 2025. The Company exited the states in which Aetna operated on the Public Exchanges effective January 2026. • Government Medical : In select geographies, the Health Care Benefits segment offers Medicare Advantage plans, Medicare Supplement plans and prescription drug coverage for Medicare beneficiaries; participates in Medicaid and subsidized Children’s Health Insurance Programs (“CHIP”); and participates in demonstration projects for members who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (“Duals”). These Government Medical products are further described below: • Medicare Advantage: Through annual contracts with the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), the Company offers HMO and PPO products for eligible individuals in certain geographic areas through the Medicare Advantage program. Members typically receive enhanced benefits over traditional Medicare coverage (“Original Medicare”), including reduced for preventive care, vision and other services. The Company offered HMO and/or PPO plans in 44 states and Washington, D.C. in 2025. For certain qualifying employer groups, the Company offers Medicare PPO products nationally. When combined with the Company’s PDP product, these national PPO plans form an integrated national Insured Medicare product for employers that provides medical and pharmacy benefits. • Medicare PDP: The Company is a national provider of drug benefits under the Medicare Part D prescription drug program. All Medicare eligible individuals are eligible to participate in this voluntary prescription drug plan. Members typically receive coverage for certain prescription drugs, usually subject to a deductible, and/or . The Company offered PDP plans in all 50 states and Washington, D.C. in 2025. • Medicare Supplement: For certain Medicare eligible members, the Company offers supplemental coverage for certain health care costs not covered by Original Medicare. The products included in the Medicare Supplement portfolio help to cover some of the gaps in Original Medicare, and include coverage for Medicare deductibles and coinsurance amounts. The Company offered a wide selection of Medicare Supplement products in 49 states and Washington, D.C. in 2025. • Medicaid and CHIP: The Company offers health care management services to individuals eligible for Medicaid and CHIP under contracts with government agencies in various states that are subject to annual appropriations. CHIP are insurance programs that provide benefits for families with uninsured children. The Company offered these services on an Insured or ASC basis in 15 states in 2025. • Duals: The Company provides health coverage to beneficiaries who are dually eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid coverage. These members must meet certain income and resource requirements in order to qualify for this coverage. The Company coordinates 100% of the care for these members and may provide them with additional services in order to manage their health care costs. The Company also has a portfolio of transformative products and services aimed at creating a holistic and integrated approach to individual health and wellness. These products and services complement the Commercial Medical and Government Medical products and aim to provide innovative solutions, create integrated experience offerings and enable enhanced care delivery to customers. Health Care Benefits Provider Networks The Company contracts with physicians, hospitals and other providers for services they provide to the Company’s members. The Company uses a variety of techniques designed to help encourage appropriate utilization of medical services (“utilization”) and maintain affordability of quality coverage. In addition to contracts with providers for negotiated rates of reimbursement, these techniques include creating risk sharing arrangements that align economic incentives with providers, the development and implementation of guidelines for the appropriate utilization and the provision of data to providers to enable them to improve health care quality. At December 31, 2025, the Company’s underlying nationwide provider network had approximately 2.0 million participating providers. Other providers in the Company’s provider networks also include laboratory, imaging, urgent care and other freestanding health facilities. Health Care Benefits Quality Assessment CMS uses a 5-star rating system to monitor Medicare health care and drug plans and ensure that they meet CMS’s quality standards. CMS uses this rating system to provide Medicare beneficiaries with a tool that they can use to compare the overall quality of care and level of customer service of companies that provide Medicare health care and drug plans. The rating system considers a variety of measures adopted by CMS, including quality of preventative services, chronic illness management and overall customer satisfaction. See “Health Care Benefits Pricing” below in this Item 1 for further discussion of star ratings. The Company seeks Health Plan accreditation for Aetna Inc. (“Aetna”) HMO plans from the National Committee for Quality 3 Assurance (“NCQA”), a private, organization that evaluates, accredits and certifies a wide range of health care organizations. Health care plans seeking accreditation must pass a rigorous, comprehensive review and must annually report on their performance. Aetna Life Insurance Company (“ALIC”), a subsidiary of the Company, has received nationwide NCQA PPO Health Plan accreditation. As of December 31, 2025, all of the Company’s Commercial HMO and all of ALIC’s PPO members who were eligible participated in HMOs or PPOs that are accredited by the NCQA. The Company’s provider selection and credentialing/ policies and procedures are consistent with NCQA and URAC, a health care accrediting organization that establishes quality standards for the health care industry, as well as state and federal, requirements. In addition, the Company is certified under the NCQA Credentials Verification Organization (“CVO”) certification program for all certification options and has URAC CVO accreditation. Quality assessment programs for contracted providers who participate in the Company’s networks begin with the initial review of health care practitioners. Practitioners’ licenses and education are verified, and their work history is collected by the Company or in some cases by the practitioner’s affiliated group or organization. The Company generally requires participating hospitals to be certified by CMS or accredited by The Joint Commission, the American Osteopathic Association, or Det Norske Veritas Healthcare. The Company also offers quality and outcome measurement programs, quality improvement programs and health care data analysis systems to providers and purchasers of health care services. Health Care Benefits Information Systems The Health Care Benefits segment currently operates and supports an suite of information technology platforms to support member engagement, enrollment, health benefit administration, care management, service operations, financial reporting and analytics. Platforms are supported by an integration layer to facilitate the transfer of data. There is continued focus and investment in enterprise data platforms, cloud capabilities, digital products to offer innovative solutions and a seamless experience to the Company’s members through mobile and web channels. The Company is making concerted investments in emerging technology capabilities such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) to further automate, augment and improve its operational capabilities, and to improve the experience for providers, patients, and consumers. The Health Care Benefits segment is utilizing the full breadth of the Company’s assets to build enterprise technology that will help guide our members through their health care journey, provide them a high level of service, enable healthier outcomes and encourage them to take next best actions to lead healthier lives. Health Care Benefits Customers Medical membership is dispersed throughout the U.S., and the Company also serves medical members in certain countries outside the U.S. The Company offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary and health insurance products and related services, many of which are available nationwide. The Company markets its products and services to employer groups, individuals, college students, and hourly workers, health plans, providers, governmental units, plans, labor groups and expatriates. For additional information on medical membership, see “Health Care Benefits Segment” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the “MD&A”) included in Item 7 of this 10-K. The Company markets both Commercial Insured and ASC products and services primarily to employers that sponsor the Company’s products for the benefit of their employees and their employees’ dependents. Frequently, larger employers offer employees a choice among coverage options from which the employee makes his or her selection during a designated annual open enrollment period. Typically, employers pay all of the monthly premiums to the Company and, through payroll deductions, obtain reimbursement from employees for a percentage of the premiums that is determined by each employer. Some Health Care Benefits products are sold directly to employees of employer groups on a fully basis. In some cases, the Company bills the covered individual directly. The Company also sold Insured plans directly to individual consumers in certain geographies through the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company offers Insured Medicare coverage on an individual basis as well as through employer groups to their retirees. Medicaid and CHIP members are enrolled on an individual basis. The Company also offers Insured health care coverage to members who are for both Medicare and Medicaid. 4 Health Care Benefits products are sold through: the Company’s sales personnel; independent brokers, agents and consultants who assist in the production and servicing of business; and private health insurance exchanges (“Private Exchanges”). For large employers or other entities that sponsor the Company’s products (“plan sponsors”), independent consultants and brokers are frequently involved in employer health plan selection decisions and sales. In some instances, the Company may pay commissions, fees and other amounts to brokers, agents, consultants and sales representatives who place business with the Company. In certain cases, the customer pays the broker for services rendered, and the Company may facilitate that arrangement by collecting the funds from the customer and transmitting them to the broker. The Company supports marketing and sales efforts with an advertising program that may include television, radio, billboards, print media and social media, supplemented by market research and direct marketing efforts. The U.S. federal government is a significant customer of the Health Care Benefits segment through contracts with CMS for coverage of individuals and federal benefit programs. Other than the contracts with CMS, the Health Care Benefits segment is not dependent upon a single customer or a few customers the loss of which would have a significant effect on the earnings of the segment. The loss of business from any one or a few independent brokers or agents would not have a material adverse effect on the earnings of the Health Care Benefits segment. Health Care Benefits segment revenues from the federal government accounted for approximately 20% of the Company’s consolidated total revenues in 2025, 2024 and 2023. Contracts with CMS for coverage of individuals in the Health Care Benefits segment accounted for approximately 79%, 74% and 73%, respectively, of the Company’s consolidated revenues from the federal government in 2025, 2024 and 2023. Health Care Benefits Pricing For Commercial Insured plans, contracts containing the pricing and other terms of the relationship are generally established in advance of the policy period and typically have a duration of one year. Fees under ASC plans are generally fixed for a period of one year. Generally, a fixed premium rate is determined at the beginning of the policy period for Commercial Insured plans. The Company typically cannot recover unanticipated increases in health care and other benefit costs in the current policy period; however, it may consider prior experience for a product in the aggregate or for a specific customer, among other factors, in determining premium rates for future policy periods. Where required by state laws, premium rates are filed and approved by state regulators prior to contract inception. Future operating results could be adversely affected if the premium rates requested are not approved or are adjusted downward or their approval is delayed by state or federal regulators. The Company has Medicare Advantage and PDP contracts with CMS to provide HMO, PPO and prescription drug coverage to Medicare beneficiaries in certain geographic areas. Under these annual contracts, CMS pays the Company a fixed per member (or “capitation”) payment and/or a portion of the premium, both of which are based on membership and adjusted for demographic and health risk factors. CMS also considers inflation, changes in utilization patterns and average per capita Medicare costs in the calculation of the fixed capitation payment or premium. PDP contracts also provide a arrangement with CMS to limit the Company’s exposure to unfavorable expenses or benefit from favorable expenses. Amounts payable to the Company under the Medicare arrangements are subject to annual revision by CMS, and the Company elects to participate in each Medicare service area or region on an annual basis. Premiums paid to the Company for Medicare products are subject to federal government reviews and audits, which can result, and have resulted, in retroactive and prospective premium adjustments and refunds to the government and/or members. In addition to payments received from CMS, some Medicare Advantage products and all PDP products require a supplemental premium to be paid by the member or sponsoring employer. In some cases, these supplemental premiums are adjusted based on the member’s income and asset levels. Compared to Commercial Medical products, Medicare contracts generate higher per member per month revenues and higher health care and other benefit costs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “ACA”) ties a portion of each Medicare Advantage plan’s reimbursement to the plan’s “star ratings.” Plans must have a star rating of 4 or higher (out of 5) to qualify for bonus payments. CMS released the Company’s 2026 star ratings in October 2025. The Company’s 2026 star ratings will be used to determine which of the Company’s Medicare Advantage plans have ratings of four stars or higher and qualify for bonus payments in 2027. Based on the Company’s membership as of December 2025, more than 81% of the Company’s Medicare Advantage members were in plans with 2026 star ratings of at least 4.0 stars, compared to 88% of the Company’s Medicare Advantage members being in plans with 2025 star ratings of at least 4.0 stars based on the Company’s membership as of December 2024. Rates for Medicare Supplement products are regulated at the state level and vary by state and plan. 5 Under Insured Medicaid contracts, state government agencies pay the Company fixed monthly rates per member that vary by state, line of business and demographics; and the Company arranges, pays for and manages the health care services provided to Medicaid beneficiaries. These rates are subject to change by each state, and, in some instances, provide for adjustment for health risk factors. CMS requires these rates to be actuarially sound. Payments to the Company under Medicaid contracts are subject to the annual appropriation process in the applicable state. Under Duals contracts, the rate setting process is generally established by CMS in partnership with the state government agency participating in the demonstration project. Both CMS and the state government agency may seek premium and other refunds under certain circumstances, including if the Company fails to comply with CMS regulations or other contractual requirements. The Company offers HMO and medical and dental plans to federal employees under the Federal Employees Health Benefits (“FEHB”) Program and the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program. Premium rates and fees for those plans are subject to federal government review and audit, which can result, and have resulted, in retroactive and prospective premium and fee adjustments and refunds to the government and/or members. Health Care Benefits Seasonality The Health Care Benefits segment’s quarterly operating income progression is impacted by (i) the seasonality of benefit costs which generally increase during the year as Insured members progress through their annual deductibles and expense limits, (ii) continued changes in product mix between Commercial and Government medical membership and (iii) the seasonality of operating expenses, which are generally the highest during the fourth quarter due primarily to spending to support readiness for the start of the upcoming plan year and marketing associated with Medicare annual enrollment. The Health Care Benefit segment’s quarterly operating income progression may be impacted by exogenous factors, which include regulatory or legal changes, as well as shifting care patterns. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Health Care Benefits segment’s operating income progression in its Medicare product line was impacted by changes resulting from the Inflation Reduction Act (the “IRA”), which resulted in a shift in the pattern of earnings throughout the year, including lower earnings in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. Health Care Benefits Competition The health care benefits industry is highly competitive, primarily due to a large number of and competitors, competitors’ marketing and pricing and a proliferation of competing products, including new products that are continually being introduced into the marketplace. New entrants into the marketplace, as well as consolidation within the industry, have contributed to and are expected to intensify the competitive environment. In addition, the rapid pace of change as the industry evolves towards a retail marketplace, including Private Exchanges and Public Exchanges, and the increased use of technology to interact with members, providers and customers, increase the risks the Company faces from new entrants and disruptive actions by existing competitors compared to prior periods. The Company believes that the significant factors that distinguish competing health plans include the perceived overall quality (including accreditation status), quality of service, comprehensiveness of coverage, cost (including premium rates, provider discounts and member costs), product design, financial stability and ratings, breadth and quality of provider networks, ability to offer different provider network options, providers available in such networks, and quality of member support and care management programs. The Company believes that it is competitive on each of these factors. The Company’s ability to increase the number of persons covered by its health plans or to increase Health Care Benefits segment revenues is affected by its ability to differentiate itself from its competitors on these factors. Competition may also affect the availability of services from providers, including primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals. Insured products compete with local and regional health care benefits plans, health care benefits and other plans sponsored by other large commercial health care benefit insurance companies, health system owned health plans, new entrants into the marketplace and numerous and organizations operating under licenses from the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. The largest competitor in Medicare products is Original Medicare. Additional Health Care Benefits segment competitors include other types of medical and dental provider organizations, various specialty service providers (including pharmacy benefit management (“PBM”) services providers), health care consultants, financial services companies, integrated health care delivery organizations (networks of providers who also coordinate administrative services for and assume insurance risk of their members), third party administrators (“TPAs”) and, for certain plans, programs sponsored by the federal or state governments. Emerging competitors include start up health care benefits plans, health 6 plans, new joint ventures (including joint ventures among firms from multiple industries), financial services firms that are distributing competing products on their proprietary Private Exchanges, and consulting firms that are distributing competing products on their proprietary Private Exchanges, as well as distributors such as retail companies. The Company’s ability to increase the number of persons enrolled in Insured Commercial Medical products also is affected by the desire and ability of employers to their health coverage. The Health Care Benefits segment’s ASC plans compete primarily with other large commercial health care benefit insurance companies, numerous and organizations operating under licenses from the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and TPAs. In addition to competitive pressures affecting the Company’s ability to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, the Health Care Benefits segment’s medical membership has been and may continue to be adversely affected by adverse and/or uncertain economic conditions and reductions in workforce by existing customers due to adverse and/or uncertain general economic conditions, especially in the U.S. and industries where such membership is concentrated. Health Care Benefits Reinsurance The Company currently has several reinsurance agreements with insurers that relate to Health Care Benefits insurance policies. The Company entered into these contracts to reduce the risk of catastrophic losses which in turn reduces capital and surplus requirements. The Company frequently evaluates reinsurance opportunities and refines its reinsurance and risk management strategies on a regular basis. Health Services Segment The Health Services segment provides a full range of PBM solutions through its CVS Caremark ® operations and delivers health care services in its medical clinics, virtually, and in the home. PBM solutions include plan design offerings and administration, formulary management, retail pharmacy network management services, and specialty and mail order pharmacy services. In addition, the Company provides clinical services, disease management services, medical spend management and pharmacy and/or other administrative services for providers and federal 340B drug pricing program covered entities (“Covered Entities”). The Company operates a group purchasing organization that negotiates pricing for the purchase of pharmaceuticals and rebates with pharmaceutical manufacturers on behalf of its participants and provides various administrative, management and reporting services to pharmaceutical manufacturers. The segment also works directly with pharmaceutical manufacturers to commercialize and/or high quality biosimilar products through its Cordavis TM subsidiary. The Health Services segment’s health care delivery assets include Signify Health, Inc. (“Signify Health”), a leader in health risk assessments and care, and Oak Street Health, Inc. (“Oak Street Health”), a leading operator of primary care centers serving Medicare eligible patients. The Health Services segment’s clients and customers are primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups, health plans, PDPs, Medicaid managed care (“Managed Medicaid”) plans, CMS, plans offered on Private Exchanges and Public Exchanges and other sponsors of health benefit plans throughout the U.S., patients who receive care in the Health Services segment’s medical clinics, virtually or in the home, as well as Covered Entities. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s PBM filled or managed 1.9 billion prescriptions on a 30-day equivalent basis. Health Services Products and Services PBM Solutions The Health Services segment manages prescription drug distribution directly through the Company’s specialty and mail order pharmacies and through pharmacies in its retail network. All prescriptions processed by the Company are analyzed, processed and documented by the Company’s proprietary prescription management systems. These systems provide essential features and functionality to allow plan members to utilize their prescription drug benefits. These systems also streamline the process by which prescriptions are processed by staff and network pharmacists by enhancing review of various items through automation, including plan eligibility, early refills, duplicate dispensing, appropriateness of dosage, drug interactions or allergies, and potential fraud. Plan Design Offerings and Administration The Company assists its PBM clients in designing pharmacy benefit plans that help improve health outcomes while minimizing the costs to the client. The Company also assists PBM clients in monitoring the effectiveness of their plans through frequent, informal communications, the use of proprietary software, as well as through formal annual, quarterly and sometimes monthly performance reviews. The Company administers pharmacy benefit plans for clients who contract with it to facilitate 7 prescription drug coverage and claims processing for their eligible plan members. The Company also provides administrative services for Covered Entities. The Company makes recommendations to help PBM clients design benefit plans that promote the use of lower cost, clinically appropriate drugs and helps its PBM clients control costs by recommending plan designs that encourage the use of generic equivalents of brand name drugs when such equivalents are available. Clients also have the option, through plan design, to further lower their pharmacy benefit plan costs by setting different member payment levels for different products on their drug lists or “formularies,” which helps guide members to choose lower cost alternatives through appropriate financial incentives. Formulary Management The Company utilizes an independent panel of doctors, pharmacists and other medical experts, referred to as the CVS Caremark National Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee, to review and approve the selection of drugs that meet the Company’s standards of safety and efficacy for inclusion on one of the Company’s template formularies. The Company’s formularies provide recommended products in numerous drug classes to help ensure member access to clinically appropriate drugs with alternatives within a class under the client’s pharmacy benefit plan, while helping to drive the lowest net cost for clients that select one of the Company’s formularies. To help improve clinical outcomes for members and clients, the Company conducts ongoing, independent reviews of all drugs, including those appearing on the formularies and generic equivalent products. Many of the Company’s clients choose to adopt a template formulary offering as part of their plan design. PBM clients are given capabilities to offer real time benefits information for a member’s specific plan design, provided electronically in the Electronic Health Record at the point of prescribing, at the CVS pharmacy and directly to members. Retail Pharmacy Network Management Services The Company maintains a national network of approximately 63,000 retail pharmacies, consisting of approximately 34,500 chain pharmacies (which include CVS pharmacy locations) and approximately 28,500 independent pharmacies, in the U.S., including Puerto Rico, the District of Columbia, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands. When a customer fills a prescription in a retail pharmacy, the pharmacy sends prescription data electronically to the Company from the . This data interfaces with the Company’s proprietary prescription management systems, which verify relevant plan member data and eligibility, while also performing a drug utilization review to help evaluate clinical appropriateness and safety and confirming that the pharmacy will receive payment for the prescription. Specialty and Mail Order Pharmacy Services The Company operates mail order pharmacies, specialty mail order pharmacies and retail specialty pharmacy stores in the U.S. The mail order pharmacies are used primarily for maintenance medications, while the specialty mail order pharmacies and retail specialty pharmacy stores are used for the delivery of advanced medications to individuals with chronic or genetic diseases and disorders. The Health Services segment’s plan members or their prescribers submit prescriptions or refill requests to these pharmacies, and staff pharmacists review these prescriptions and refill requests with the assistance of the Company’s prescription management systems. This review may involve communications with the prescriber and, with the prescriber’s approval when required, can result in interventions designed to help reduce cost and/or improve quality of treatment. The Health Services segment pays an administrative service fee to the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment, in exchange for which the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment provides pharmacy fulfillment and patient management services to support the Health Services segment’s specialty and mail order pharmacy offerings. The Company’s mail order pharmacies and specialty mail order pharmacies have been awarded Mail Service Pharmacy and Specialty Pharmacy accreditation, respectively, from URAC. Substantially all of the Company’s specialty mail order pharmacies also have been accredited by The Joint Commission and the Accreditation Commission for Health Care (“ACHC”), which are independent, organizations that accredit and certify health care programs and organizations in the U.S. The ACHC accreditation includes an additional accreditation by the Pharmacy Compounding Accreditation Board, which certifies compliance with the highest level of pharmacy compounding standards, and a distinction in Rare Diseases and Orphan Drugs. Clinical Services The Company offers multiple clinical programs and services to help clients manage overall pharmacy and health care costs in a clinically appropriate manner. These programs are primarily designed to promote better health outcomes and to help target inappropriate medication utilization and to medication, each of which may result in adverse medical events that negatively affect member health and client pharmacy and medical spend. These programs include utilization management (“UM”), medication management, quality assurance, adherence and counseling programs to complement the client’s plan design and clinical strategies. The Company offers an integrated strategy that aims to help decrease the potential for inappropriate opioid use while preserving access for those with genuine chronic pain needs through concurrent and 8 retrospective claims’ review. In addition, this strategy aims to address potential fraud, waste, and abuse across multiple drug classes through surveillance and communications to prescribers and pharmacies. Core medication support products such as Pharmacy Advisor and Drug Savings Review optimize utilization through digital, phone, , and outreach to help participating plan members with certain chronic diseases to identify gaps in care, adhere to their prescribed medications, ensure efficient use of those medications, and manage their overall health conditions. The CVS Weight Management TM program optimizes utilization of medication and provides the lifestyle support and coaching to maximize and maintain weight loss on these therapies, while addressing new indications (e.g., cardiovascular disease). The Company also has digital connectivity that helps to lower drug costs for patients by providing expanded visibility to lower cost alternatives through enhanced analytics and data sharing. Disease Management Programs The Company’s clinical programs and services utilize advanced protocols and offer clients convenience in working with providers and other third parties. The Company’s care management program covers diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy and multiple sclerosis and is accredited by the NCQA. The Company’s UM program covers similar diseases and is accredited by the NCQA and URAC. Medical Benefit Management The Company’s NovoLogix ® online preauthorization tool helps identify and capture cost savings opportunities for specialty drugs billed under the medical benefit by identifying outliers to appropriate dosages and costs, and helps to ensure clinically appropriate use of specialty drugs. Group Purchasing Organization Services The Company operates a group purchasing organization that negotiates pricing for the purchase of pharmaceuticals and rebates with pharmaceutical manufacturers on behalf of its participants. The Company also provides various administrative, management and reporting services to pharmaceutical manufacturers. Care In response to rising healthcare spending in the U.S., commercial, government and other payors are shifting away from payment models towards models, including payment models that tie financial incentives to quality, efficiency and coordination of care. care (“VBC”) refers to the goal of incentivizing healthcare providers to simultaneously increase quality while lowering the cost of care for patients. More specifically, providers in a VBC model are incentivized to focus on more preventative care, higher quality of care and better coordination of care to create better health outcomes and avoid potentially expensive complications from illnesses that could be managed more conveniently and cost effectively. The Company is committed to expanding care in the U.S. and delivering higher quality care to patients at a lower overall cost to the industry. The Company primarily operates in care through its Oak Street Health primary care centers. Oak Street Health operates , centers that provide medical primary care services and support Medicare eligible patients in the management of chronic illnesses and the prevention of unnecessary acute events. The Company integrates population health analytics, social support services and primary care into the care model to drive improved patient outcomes. The Company contracts with health plans and CMS to generate medical costs savings, assume full financial risk of its patients and realize a return on its investment in primary care. The Company’s clinics implement a branded and design to create a welcoming environment that engages patients in highly accessible, convenient locations close to where patients live, work and shop. As of December 31, 2025, the Company operated 246 centers across 27 states. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s centers provided care for approximately 500,000 patients. Prior to 2025, the Company also provided enablement services to health systems primarily through two programs administered by CMS: the Accountable Care Organization Realizing Equity, Access and Community Health (“ACO REACH”) program and the Medicare Shared Savings Program (“MSSP”). During the first quarter of 2025, the Company determined that it would substantially exit both the ACO REACH program and the MSSP. Health Evaluations As a complement to its care delivery, the Company operates a large mobile network of credentialed providers in the U.S. through its Signify Health business. These credentialed providers are deployed into the home primarily to conduct health evaluations (“IHEs”) and perform select diagnostic services. IHEs may also be performed virtually or at a healthcare provider facility. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company performed more than 3.5 million IHEs. 9 While in the home, providers perform IHEs with the assistance of the Company’s longitudinal patient records and proprietary clinical workflow software with its integrated device hub. The Company’s software guides clinical workflows as well as diagnostic screenings, yielding a rich patient report of hundreds of data points. The Company also offers diagnostic and preventive services and provides comprehensive medication review services while in the home. Through its IHEs, the Company creates a comprehensive, documented record of the clinical, social and behavioral needs of its health plan customers’ medically complex populations and seeks to further engage these populations with the healthcare system. The evaluation results of IHEs are provided to individuals’ primary care physicians. The Company believes sharing these results helps to fill gaps in care, while encouraging individuals who have not regularly visited their PCP to schedule a visit. The IHEs also provide health plans with insights into member health without taking members out of the home and contribute to health plans’ ability to effectively participate in and government programs such as Medicare Advantage. The data gathered during an IHE is also a resource that can be used by health plans to improve their Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (“HEDIS”) scores and Medicare Advantage star ratings. MinuteClinic As of December 31, 2025, the Company operated more than 800 MinuteClinic locations in the U.S. The clinics are staffed by nurse practitioners and physician assistants who utilize nationally established guidelines to deliver a variety of health care services, including expanding primary care services. Payors value these clinics because they provide convenient, , care, in many cases offering an attractive alternative to more expensive sites of care. MinuteClinic also offers virtual care services to connect customers with licensed providers to provide access to health services remotely. MinuteClinic is collaborating with the Company’s medical and pharmacy members to help meet the needs of the Company’s health plan and client plan members by offering programs that can improve member health and lower costs. MinuteClinic also maintains relationships with leading hospitals, clinics and physicians in the communities we serve to support and enhance quality, access and continuity of care. Cordavis The Company launched Cordavis, a subsidiary that works directly with pharmaceutical manufacturers to commercialize and/or high quality biosimilar products. Through Cordavis, the Company intends to develop a portfolio of products that will provide broader access to biosimilars in the U.S. As access to biosimilars increases, it is expected to generate more competition in the market which should lead to lower costs and result in higher savings for our clients. Health Services Information Systems The Health Services segment’s claim adjudication platform incorporates architecture that centralizes the data generated from adjudicating retail pharmacy, specialty and mail order claims and delivering other solutions to PBM clients. The Health Engagement Engine ® technology and proprietary clinical algorithms help connect various parts of the enterprise and serve an essential role in cost management and health improvement, leveraging technologies and practices. This capability transforms pharmacy data into actionable interventions at key points of care, including in retail, mail and specialty pharmacies as well as in customer care call center operations, leveraging our enterprise data platform to improve the quality of care. The technology leverages assisted artificial intelligence to deliver insights to the business and bring automation to otherwise manual tasks. Specialty services also connects with our claim adjudication platform and various health plan adjudication platforms with a centralized architecture servicing many clients and members. Operating services, such as Specialty Expedite ® , provide an interconnected onboarding solution for specialty medications and branding solutions ranging from fulfillment to total patient management. These services are managed through our new innovative specialty workflow and web platform. The Health Services segment’s proprietary Canopy technology is a key driver of the success of its care model and foundation for patients receiving a consistent, level of care. Canopy underlies every aspect of the Company’s clinical and operational workflows, allowing care teams to tailor care plans to the needs of both the patient and the business. Through the collaboration of its digital and technical teams, the Company has established critical tools which enable patients to schedule appointments through MinuteClinic.com. Key elements of the offerings include landing pages which highlight services and answer common questions, screening capabilities to determine patient eligibility, service location locator and appointment selection tools to efficiently identify the requested service on a specified date, time, and location and registration pages to collect required patient information, accelerating once at the MinuteClinic. Once scheduled, the tools provide the user with instructions and notifications including SMS text message and email reminders, and also provide digital results and records, enabling patients to view and save their medical records for convenient access at a later point. 10 Health Services Clients & Customers The Company’s Health Services clients and customers are primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups, health plans, PDPs, Managed Medicaid plans, CMS, plans offered on Private Exchanges and Public Exchanges and other sponsors of health benefit plans throughout the U.S., patients who receive care in the Health Services segment’s medical clinics, virtually or in the home, as well as Covered Entities. The Health Services segment’s revenues are primarily generated from the sale and managing of prescription drugs to eligible members in benefit plans maintained by clients. Pharmaceuticals are provided to eligible members in benefit plans maintained by clients and utilize the Company’s information systems, among other things, to help perform safety checks, drug interaction screening and identify opportunities for generic substitution. The Company’s primary care operations rely on its capitated partnerships with payors and CMS which manage and market Medicare Advantage plans across the U.S. The Company had strategic relationships with over 25 different payors as of December 31, 2025, including each of the top 5 national payors by number of Medicare Advantage patients. These existing contracts and relationships and their understanding of the value of the Company’s model reduces the risk of entering into new markets as the Company typically has payor contracts before entering a new market. Maintaining, supporting and growing these relationships, particularly as the Company enters new geographies, is critical to its success. The Company’s IHE operations customers are primarily Medicare Advantage health plans, making up approximately 85% of its total IHE volume. In 2025, the Company had IHE contracts with 46 health plans in the U.S., including 24 of the 50 largest Medicare Advantage plans. Health Services Seasonality The majority of the Health Services segment revenues, including revenues generated from its PBM services, are not seasonal in nature. The Company’s primary care operations experience some variability depending upon the time of year in which they are measured. Typically, a significant portion of the Company’s patient growth is experienced during the first quarter, after plan enrollment selections made during the fourth quarter of the prior annual enrollment period take effect. Finally, medical costs will vary seasonally depending on a number of factors including the weather, which can be a driver of certain illnesses such as the influenza virus. Revenues generated from the Company’s IHEs and related services are generally lowest in the fourth quarter of each calendar year. Annually, IHE customers provide a member list, which may be supplemented or amended during the year. Customers generally limit the number of times the Company may attempt to contact their members. Throughout the year, as IHEs are completed and the Company attempts to contact members, the number of members who have not received an IHE and whom the Company is still able to contact declines, typically resulting in fewer IHEs scheduled during the fourth quarter of each calendar year. Health Services Competition The Company believes the primary competitive factors in the health services industry include: (i) the ability to negotiate favorable discounts from drug manufacturers as well as to negotiate favorable discounts from, and access to, retail pharmacy networks; (ii) the ability to identify and apply effective cost management programs utilizing clinical strategies, including the development and utilization of preferred formularies; (iii) the ability to market PBM and other health products and services; (iv) the commitment to provide flexible, services to clients and be responsive to clients’ needs; (v) the ability to attract and retain physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants and other medical personnel; (vi) the quality, scope and costs of products and services offered to clients and their members, as well as the care delivered to customers; and (vii) operational excellence in delivering services. The Health Services segment has a significant number of competitors offering PBM services, including large, national PBM companies (e.g., Prime Therapeutics and MedImpact), PBMs owned by large national health plans (e.g., the Express Scripts business of Cigna Corporation and the Optum Rx business of UnitedHealth Group) and smaller standalone PBMs. The Health Services segment’s MinuteClinic offerings compete with retail health clinics, urgent care and primary care offices. The Company’s primary care operations compete with large and local and national providers of primary care services and health system affiliated practices, for, among other things, contracts with payors, recruitment of physicians and 11 other medical and personnel and individual patients. Principal primary care competitors for patients and payor contracts vary considerably in type and identity by market. Because of the low barriers of entry into the primary care business and the ability of physicians to own primary care centers and/or also be medical directors for their own centers, competition for growth in existing and expanding markets is not limited to large competitors with substantial financial resources. The Company’s IHE and related services operations compete with a wide variety of local and national providers of , virtual and diagnostic and evaluative services. Competitors include companies whose principal business is providing health risk assessments and similar services, as well as large payors, which may use a variety of different providers to perform health risk assessments across care settings or may perform some or all of their health risk assessments utilizing their own capabilities. Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness Segment The Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment dispenses prescriptions in its CVS Pharmacy ® retail locations and through its infusion operations, provides ancillary pharmacy services including pharmacy patient care programs and vaccination administration, and sells a wide assortment of health and wellness products and general merchandise. The segment also provides pharmacy fulfillment services to support the Health Services segment’s specialty and mail order pharmacy offerings. As of December 31, 2025, the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment operated approximately 9,000 retail locations, as well as online retail pharmacy websites, retail specialty pharmacy stores, compounding pharmacies and branches for infusion and enteral nutrition services. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment filled 1.8 billion prescriptions on a 30-day equivalent basis and dispensed approximately 28.5% of total retail pharmacy prescriptions in the U.S. Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness Products and Services A typical retail store sells prescription drugs and a wide assortment of , nationally advertised brand name and proprietary brand merchandise. Pharmacy locations may also contract with Covered Entities under the federal 340B drug pricing program. Front store categories include drugs, consumer health products, beauty products, personal care products and other general merchandise products. The Company purchases merchandise from numerous manufacturers and distributors. The Company believes that competitive sources are readily available for substantially all of the products carried in its retail stores and the loss of any one supplier would not likely have a material effect on the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment. Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness revenues by major product group are as follows: Percentage of Revenues 2025 2024 2023 Pharmacy (1) 82.9 % 80.9 % 78.9 % Front store and other (2) 17.1 % 19.1 % 21.1 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % _____________________________________________ (1) Pharmacy includes sales in pharmacies within Target Corporation (“Target”) and other retail stores. Pharmacy also includes revenues associated with care pharmacy (“LTC”) operations prior to the deconsolidation of Omnicare, LLC (“Omnicare”) and associated subsidiaries in September 2025. See “Subsidiary Bankruptcy” within Note 1 ‘‘Significant Accounting Policies’’ included in Item 8 of this 10-K for additional information. (2) “Other” represents less than 11% of the “Front store and other” revenue category in all periods presented. Pharmacy Pharmacy revenues represented over of Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment revenues in each of 2025, 2024 and 2023. The Company believes that retail pharmacy operations will continue to represent a critical part of the Company’s business due to industry demographics, e.g., an aging American population consuming a greater number of prescription drugs, prescription drugs being used more often as the first line of defense for managing illness, the introduction of new pharmaceutical products, the need for vaccinations and Medicare Part D growth. The Company believes the retail pharmacy business benefits from investment in both people and technology, as well as innovative collaborations with health plans, PBMs and providers. Given the nature of prescriptions, consumers want their prescriptions filled accurately by professional pharmacists using the latest tools and technology, and ready when promised. Consumers also need medication management programs and better information to help them get the most out of their health care dollars. To assist consumers with these needs, the Company has introduced integrated pharmacy health care services that provide an earlier, easier and more effective approach to engaging consumers in behaviors that can help lower costs, improve health and save lives. 12 Front Store Front store revenues reflect the Company’s strategy of innovating with new and unique products and services, using innovative personalized marketing and adjusting the mix of merchandise to match customers’ needs and preferences. A key component of the front store strategy is the ExtraCare ® card program, which is one of the largest and most successful retail loyalty programs in the U.S. The ExtraCare program allows the Company to balance marketing efforts so it can reward its best customers by providing them with automatic sale prices, customized coupons, ExtraBucks ® rewards and other benefits. The Company also offers a subscription-based membership program, ExtraCare Plus TM , under which members are entitled to a suite of benefits delivered over the course of the subscription period, as well as a promotional reward that can be redeemed for future goods and services. The Company continues to launch and enhance new and exclusive brands to create unmatched offerings and deliver other unique product offerings, including a full range of proprietary brand products that are only available through CVS stores. The Company currently carries approximately 4,500 proprietary brand products, which accounted for approximately 20% of front store revenues during 2025. Specialty and Mail Order Pharmacy Fulfillment Services The Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment provides pharmacy fulfillment services to support the Health Services segment’s specialty and mail order pharmacy offerings, in exchange for which the Health Services segment pays an administrative service fee to the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment. Care Pharmacy Operations The Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment distributed prescription drugs and provided related pharmacy consulting and ancillary services to care facilities and other care settings through Omnicare and certain of its subsidiary entities prior to the deconsolidation of these subsidiaries in September 2025. See “Subsidiary Bankruptcy” within Note 1 ‘‘Significant Accounting Policies’’ included in Item 8 of this 10-K for additional information. Community Location Development CVS Health’s community health destinations are an integral part of its ability to meet the needs of consumers and maintain its leadership position in the changing health care landscape. When paired with its rapidly expanding digital presence, the Company’s physical presence in thousands of communities across the country represents a competitive advantage by allowing it to develop deep and trusted relationships through everyday engagement in consumer health. The Company’s community health destinations have played, and will continue to play, a key role in the Company’s continued growth and success. During 2025, the Company opened 87 new locations, relocated 5 locations and closed 243 locations. The Company’s continuous assessment of its national footprint is an essential component of competing effectively in the current health care environment. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates changes in population, consumer buying patterns and future health needs to assess the ability of its existing stores and locations to meet the needs of its consumers and the business. During the third quarter of 2024, in connection with an restructuring plan, the Company completed a strategic review of its retail business and announced plans to close certain retail stores in 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company closed 221 retail stores in connection with this action. Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness Information Systems The Company has continued to invest in information systems to enable it to deliver exceptional customer service, enhance safety and quality, and expand patient care services while lowering operating costs. The proprietary WeCARE Workflow tool supports pharmacy teams by prioritizing work to meet customer expectations, facilitating prescriber outreach, and seamlessly integrating clinical programs. This solution delivers improved efficiency and enhances customer experience, as well as provides a framework to accommodate the evolution of pharmacy practice and the expansion of clinical programs. The Company’s Health Engagement Engine technology and data science clinical algorithms enable the Company to help identify opportunities for pharmacists to deliver counseling regarding patient health and safety matters, including medication adherence issues, gaps in care and management of certain chronic health conditions. The Company’s digital strategy is to empower the consumer to navigate their pharmacy experience and manage their condition through integrated online and mobile solutions that offer utility and convenience. The Company has also established tools which enable customers to schedule vaccination appointments through CVS.com, provide instructions and notifications to the customer regarding the services, and, following administration, allow customers to access digital results for tests and records for vaccinations. 13 Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness Customers The success of the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment’s businesses is dependent upon the Company’s ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pharmacy benefit managers and other payors on acceptable terms. Substantially all of the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment’s pharmacy revenues are derived from pharmacy benefit managers, managed care organizations (“MCOs”), government funded health care programs, commercial employers and other payors. No single Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness payor accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s consolidated total revenues in 2025, 2024 or 2023. Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness Seasonality The Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment’s quarterly operating income progression may be impacted by (i) the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, most notably during first and fourth quarters, resulting in higher administration of vaccines during those periods, (ii) the December holiday season which generally results in higher volume in the front store, and (iii) uncharacteristic or extreme weather conditions, which may adversely affect consumer shopping patterns. Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness Competition The retail pharmacy business is highly competitive. The Company believes that it competes principally on the basis of: (i) store location and convenience, (ii) customer service and satisfaction, (iii) product selection and variety, and (iv) price. In the areas it serves, the Company competes with other drugstore chains (e.g., Walgreens), supermarkets, discount retailers (e.g., Walmart), independent pharmacies, restrictive pharmacy networks, online retailers (e.g., Amazon), membership clubs, infusion pharmacies, as well as mail order dispensing pharmacies. Corporate/Other Segment The Company presents the remainder of its financial results in the Corporate/Other segment, which primarily consists of: • Management and administrative expenses to support the Company’s overall operations, which include certain aspects of executive management and the corporate relations, legal, compliance, human resources and finance departments, information technology, digital, data and analytics, as well as acquisition-related transaction and integration costs; and • Products for which the Company no longer solicits or accepts new customers, such as its large case pensions and care insurance products. Generic Sourcing Venture The Company and Cardinal Health, Inc. (“Cardinal”) each have a 50% ownership in Red Oak Sourcing, LLC (“Red Oak”), a generic pharmaceutical sourcing entity. Under this arrangement, the Company and Cardinal contributed their sourcing and supply chain expertise to Red Oak and agreed to source and negotiate generic pharmaceutical supply contracts for both companies through Red Oak. Red Oak does not own or hold inventory on behalf of either company. Use of AI The Company recognizes that AI has the potential to reimagine health care, including simplifying care navigation, reducing costs, transforming consumer experience and enhancing the quality of and access to care. The Company uses AI as an augmentative technology to minimize provider/payer friction, enable advanced consumer through while enhancing human touch when desired, offer simplified health and care navigation, expand access, streamline and optimize internal operations and modernize operating platforms. As AI technology advances, CVS Health is committed to doing its part to help ensure the safe, responsible, ethical and use of AI. Working Capital Practices The Company funds the growth of its businesses through a combination of cash flow from operations, commercial paper and other borrowings, as well as borrowings. For additional information on the Company’s working capital practices, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” in the MD&A included in Item 7 of this 10-K. Employer groups, individuals, college students, and hourly workers, health plans, providers, governmental units, plans (with the exception of Medicare Part D services, which are described below), labor groups and expatriates, which represent the vast majority of Health Care Benefits segment revenues, are typically reconciled on a monthly basis, but inconsistent timing of 14 payments may cause volatility from time to time. As a provider of Medicare Part D services, the Company contracts annually with CMS. Utilization of services each plan year results in the accumulation of either a receivable from or a payable to CMS. The timing of settlement of the receivable or payable with CMS takes several quarters, which impacts working capital from year to year. The majority of the Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment revenues are paid in cash, or with debit or credit cards. Managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, government funded health care programs, commercial employers and other insurance programs, which represent the vast majority of the Company’s consolidated pharmacy revenues, typically settle in less than 30 days. The remainder of the Company’s consolidated pharmacy revenues are paid in cash, or with debit or credit cards. Human Capital Overview At CVS Health, we share a single, clear purpose: to simplify health care one person, one family and one community at a time. We devote significant time and attention to attract, develop and retain talent who deliver high levels of service to our customers. Our commitment includes a competitive rewards package and programs that support our diverse range of colleagues in rewarding and fulfilling careers. As of December 31, 2025, we employed over 300,000 colleagues primarily in the U.S. including in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, approximately 73% of whom were . We believe engaged colleagues produce stronger business results and are more likely to build a career with the Company. Each year we conduct engagement surveys that provide colleagues the opportunity to share opinions and experiences with respect to their role, their team, and the enterprise to help CVS Health Corporation’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) and our management identify where we can improve colleague experience. These surveys cover a broad range of topics including development and opportunities, recognition, performance, belonging, , compliance, and continuous improvement. In 2025, we conducted engagement surveys in both April and September. More than 200,000 colleagues participated in each survey and overall engagement improved across surveys. The Board, our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and our Chief People Officer provide oversight of our human capital strategy, which consists of the following categories: workforce strategy; total rewards; and health, safety and environment. Workforce Strategy At CVS Health, our goal is to attract the most talented and qualified workforce in health care and to develop and retain a work force to support and advance our strategic priorities. We believe that our workforce strategy should be responsive to and reflect the broad and diverse communities whose health care needs we serve. We are committed to developing a pipeline of critical skills to power CVS Health for the future. We partner with colleges and universities across many professional fields. For example, the CVS Health PharmD tuition assistance program is available to all eligible CVS Pharmacy interns. In addition, CVS Health is creating transformational solutions to workforce development through dynamic community Workforce Innovation and Talent Centers (WITCs), tailored to the specific needs of each community, incorporating education and skill development, as we help advance future leaders. Training and development provide colleagues the support they need to perform well in their current roles while planning and preparing for future roles and career growth. Our broad training practices include updated, tools and keep our colleagues informed of new developments in our industry that are relevant to their roles. During the year ended December 31, 2025, our colleagues invested approximately 16 million hours in learning and development courses. Our ambition is to be America’s most trusted health care company. Achieving that starts with building and sustaining a culture of trust within our organization. That is why trust and respect are cornerstones of our culture, the foundation of our workplace strategy. To simplify health care and deliver our best when people need us the most, we strive every day to achieve the highest level of trust and respect from our colleagues, our customers, and the communities we serve. Our values guide how we lead and collaborate. We emphasize care, innovation, accountability, safety and quality. Those aspects of our culture show up in our Respect Works Here campaign. Our practices have earned national recognition, including designations as a , , and employer. We disclose more information on our workforce strategy in our annual Impact Report. 15 Total Rewards We strive to offer a comprehensive and competitive mix of pay and benefits to meet the varying needs of our colleagues and their families. In addition to competitive wages, the comprehensive list of programs and benefits we offer include annual bonuses, stock awards, 401(k) plans including matching company contributions, no cost comprehensive wellness screenings, tobacco cessation and weight management programs, no cost confidential counseling and no cost financial navigation support, an employee stock purchase plan, health care and insurance benefits, paid time off, flexible work schedules, family leave, dependent care resources, colleague assistance programs and tuition assistance, retiree medical access, and discount programs, among many others, depending on eligibility. Health, Safety and Environment We have a strong commitment to providing a safe working environment. We have implemented an environmental health and safety management system to support adherence and monitoring of programs designed to make our various business operations compliant with applicable occupational safety and health regulations and requirements. Our Health, Safety, and Environment Department oversees the implementation and adherence to programs like powered industrial truck training, materials handling and storage, selection of personal protective equipment and fall protection systems. We utilize a Management Information System to track compliance, analyze data and concentrate on key areas of risk to reduce the chance of workplace incidents. We focus on identifying causes and improving performance when workplace incidents occur. We capture colleague observations and feedback through programs like our Behavior Based Safety and our Safety Hazard and Awareness Reporting Program. We also engage leaders in promoting a culture of safety and measure performance through a comprehensive safety index that leverages both leading and lagging indicators. With safety task forces in place at each distribution center, we empower leaders and safety business partners to identify policies, procedures and processes that could improve their own operations. Impact Strategy Overview Our Healthy 2030 impact strategy outlines how we are creating a healthier, more sustainable future for all as we work to fulfill our ambition to simplify health care one person, one family, and one community at a time. Through four pillars – Healthy People, Healthy Business, Healthy Community and Healthy Planet – we focus on measurable actions that improve health outcomes, strengthen communities and protect the environment. Rooted in our culture, our impact strategy positions us to lead with integrity and innovation to deliver meaningful change while sustaining business performance. Healthy People We put health at the center of everything we do. By elevating the experience of our customers, we are elevating the very essence of health care. We connect people to the care they need, advance affordability, simplify access, and ultimately help people live healthier lives. Our investments in health services and programs drive outcomes, reduce barriers to care and deliver innovative solutions that set new standards for accessible, care. Healthy Business Our greatest strength is our people. With a talented and diverse workforce of more than 300,000 colleagues, we uphold the highest standards of ethics and transparency while creating value and delivering on our promi

[truncated]