SAE achieves milestone for Battery Project SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 30 January 2025 30 January 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE achieves planning milestone for its AW1 Battery Storage project at the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park SAE is pleased to announce that it has discharged all of its pre-commencement planning conditions for the 120MW/240MWh Battery Storage project known as Afon Wysg 1 ("AW1") at the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. This will be the first Battery Storage project developed by SAE that it will build, own and operate. The delivery of the AW1 project is key to unlocking one of the largest battery sites in the UK and unlocking significant growth and economic opportunity for the local region. SAE's team worked closely with Wales-based civil engineering business Jones Bros Civil Engineering UK and industry-leading engineering specialists Tetra Tech, Inc. to discharge the conditions. SAE would like to thank the world-leading teams involved with this project and the team at Newport City Council for their ongoing support. With this milestone achieved, SAE is working towards financial close for the project, which it will update the market on in due course. - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE recently released a video animation highlighting the scale and benefits of the USEP site. This can be viewed here SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and