Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 01 October 2025 1 October 2025 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Ampeak Energy achieves planning permission for AW2 Battery Project Ampeak Energy is pleased to announce that Newport City Council committee has granted planning permission with conditions for the 250MW/1250MWh Battery Storage Project at its Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park ("USEP"), including the removal of 140,000 tonnes of historic pulverised stored ash at the site to be used in sustainable building products. The Afon Wysg 2 ("AW2") project is a joint venture with Econergy International Limited (Econergy). This is an exciting next step for the site and all the project partners involved in transforming the USEP. The transformation will see the previous site of two coal-fired power stations become one of the largest battery storage facilities in the UK, as well as a Sustainable Energy Park, attracting energy generation and large-scale end-users. Ampeak Energy and Econergy will now work towards financial close of the project, which has a connection date of 2029. AW2 is the third battery storage project to be developed at the USEP, which still has significant land and potential development opportunities that Ampeak Energy will continue to drive forward for the benefit of the local economy, the planet, and its shareholders. To give perspective to the scale of this latest development at USEP it should be noted the AW2 site, once fully built, will be capable of storing 5 times the capacity of the AW1 240MWh project. Ampeak Energy reached financial close on this project, as announced on 5 August 2025. The 11 acres of land at the AW2 site is owned by Ampeak Energy and will also attract revenues from rental income generated by the project once it reaches financial close. Both local and national stakeholders recognise the redevelopment of the USEP as strategically significant in attracting and supporting continued investment in Wales, and beyond, especially in the growth sectors, such as A.I and large-scale data centres. In just a few months, Ameak Energy has achieved financial close and started construction of its AW1 project, made significant steps towards planning permission for its MeyBESS Battery project in Scotland, and has now secured planning for its AW2 Battery Project at USEP. Ampeak Energy would like to thank its project partner, Econergy, and all those who have put in considerable time to achieve this milestone. This announcement contains inside information as defined in Article 7 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation No 596/2014, as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, and has been announced in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of that Regulation. For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and