Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 17 February 2026 17 February 2026 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Ultimate Beneficial Owner Notification Ampeak Energy announces that it was notified that Landpad Pte. Limited has completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of SIMEC UK Energy Holdings Limited ("SUEH"), the largest shareholder in Ampeak Energy, from the SIMEC Group. Landpad Pte. Limited is wholly owned by Patrick Joseph Hughes. As a result, Patrick Hughes is now the ultimate beneficial owner of SUEH and is therefore indirectly interested in 214,538,827 Ampeak Energy shares, representing 29.6% of the Company's issued shares. Patrick Hughes is also the sole owner of Valencia Energy, a UK renewable power specialist that operates, maintains and delivers 400GWh of low-carbon energy to the UK electricity grid each year from solar and landfill gas installations. It is committed to investment and growth to support the journey to Net Zero. Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, commented: "We are pleased to welcome Patrick as a substantial Ampeak Energy shareholder, and we look forward to engaging with him and his team in due course. We are now entering an exciting new chapter in our journey to develop, own and operate sustainable energy projects for the benefit of our shareholders and our planet." For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons +44 (0)7739832446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy Harry Marshall +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Valencia Energy website can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and