Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 12 October 2025 13 October 2025 Ampeak Energy Limited ("Ampeak Energy") AW2 Battery Project receives formal planning Following the approval at the planning committee meeting, as announced on 1 October 2025, joint venture partners, Ampeak Energy and Econergy International Limited ("Econergy"), are pleased to further announce that they have received the formal planning decision notice from Newport City Council. The decision notice formalises the decision made at the committee meeting and grants with conditions planning permission for Afon Wysg 2 ("AW2"), a 250MW Battery Storage project at Ampeak Energy's Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park ("USEP"), including the removal of pulverised fuel ash. As battery technology continues to progress, and energy markets continue to evolve the project is designed for a duration of up to 5 hours, bringing the project's total potential capacity to 1,250 MWh. Econergy is a key player in the UK energy storage market, with its 50MW Swangate project recognised as one of the best-performing assets in the UK and a further 360MWh of additional BESS projects in construction set to come online in 2026. These developments are part of Econergy's ~1.5GW UK pipeline, reinforcing its role in delivering large-scale flexibility assets that advance the UK's renewable energy transition. The AW2 project will be the third battery storage project to be delivered at the USEP, which is one of the leading battery storage sites in the UK. This project, along with Ampeak Energy's MeyBESS battery project in Caithness, Scotland, represents 2.45 GWh of Battery Storage projects. The scale of these projects represents a 10x increase in the consented portfolio and storage capacity of Ampeak Energy's flagship 240MWh AW1 project. Ampeak Energy and Econergy are now focused on preparing the AW2 project for financing and construction, with financial close due in 2027. For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons +44 (0)7739832446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Econergy Econergy Group (TASE: ECNR) is a leading European IPP and active developer specializing in solar PV, Wind, and Energy Storage projects across key European markets, including the UK, Italy, Spain, Romania, Poland, and Greece. With a robust project pipeline exceeding ~14GW, Econergy is at the forefront of driving Europe's renewable energy transition. The company's local teams provide a strategic advantage, ensuring close collaboration with regulatory entities and local communities. Econergy's solid strategic partnerships are key to securing project funding and further. Additionally, the company generates revenue across the entire value chain by selling electricity, earning development and operation fees, and selling projects at various stages of development, ensuring a diversified and sustainable income stream. http://www.econergytech.com Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and