Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 22 September 2025 22 September 2025 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") AW1 Groundbreaking Ceremony Ampeak Energy was delighted to host a groundbreaking ceremony at its Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park to celebrate the financial close of its flagship AW1 Battery Storage Project (the "AW1 Project"). Political and business leaders were joined by the world-leading project team to see the progress being made on the AW1 Project and plans for future developments at the site. The Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park is on track to become one of the largest battery storage facilities in the UK. Its regeneration from a coal-fired power station to an energy park fit for the future is being delivered by the site's owners and operators, Ampeak Energy. Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, commented: "The event was a great way to mark one of the most significant milestones in our history. The AW1 Project is already proving to be a catalyst for regeneration, and we would like to thank all those involved in bringing our vision to reality. This was a great opportunity to showcase why this is such a strategically important site. The pace of delivery is a credit to the team, and its ability to be delivered quickly is vital as the country needs these projects online to support our energy system. Our project partners and stakeholders were amazed at the scale of the work on site, but also how much land is still available for future projects. With construction of AW1 already underway and on schedule, and planning due this year on the AW2 project, which is twice the size of AW1, I am proud that we continue to ensure that our vision becomes a reality." Jessica Morden MP for Newport East, commented: "This is a crucial site for our city, and for the future of Newport's growing data and tech industries. For decades, the Uskmouth site powered heavy industry and played a vital role in our local economy. Now, as it transforms into a sustainable energy park, it will help power the industries and jobs of tomorrow. Congratulations to everyone involved in bringing this exciting project to life." Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, is joined by Ruth Jones MP (Left) and Jessica Morden MP (Right) Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, is joined by local MPs Jessica Morden and Ruth Jones as well as senior members of the Ampeak Energy team and the key project partners: Jones Brothers, Nord/LB, Cardiff Capital Region and Canadian Solar SES. The view of the AW1 project at the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. Attendees could see the scale and potential of the site, as well as the benefits of having extensive land and easy access to the grid and rail for this and future projects. For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and