Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 10 November 2025 10 November 2025 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Ampeak Energy welcomes Cabinet Secretary to MeyGen facility Ampeak Energy was delighted to host Gillian Martin MSP, Cabinet Secretary for Climate Action and Energy, at its tidal stream operations and maintenance facility at Nigg Energy Park. The visit served as an opportunity to discuss how the MeyGen tidal stream site has led the world in developing tidal stream technology, which is now ready to be scaled up to provide essential, predictable renewable power. The team explained how the technology's costs continue to decrease and are on course to become price-competitive with other reliable power sources. Ampeak Energy was joined by project partner Proteus Marine Renewables, representing a consortium including GE Vernova and SKF Marine, to discuss the delivery of the next phase of the world-leading turbines. The team highlighted how this next phase of MeyGen could act as a catalyst for further investment and job creation, as the turbines will be manufactured in Scotland, creating hundreds of new jobs. Fraser Johnson, MeyGen Director of Operations & Assets, said: "It was an honour to host the Cabinet Secretary at our site and showcase both what has been achieved and the scale of the future opportunity. The support of the Scottish Government has been instrumental in putting Scotland on the strongest footing to benefit from the development of tidal stream energy, and we were excited to hear the Cabinet Secretary's enthusiasm to ensure Scotland continues to lead the world in the development of this vital technology." Energy Secretary Gillian Martin said: "Tidal stream energy is a symbol of Scotland's ability to harness its natural advantages, drive innovation, and grow its green economy. "I want to thank Ampeak Energy for hosting my recent visit to their Operations and Maintenance facility at Nigg Energy Park. This is one of a number of tidal stream projects in Scotland which help to showcase our innovation and engineering expertise." For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and