SAE secures contract in latest Capacity Auction SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 14 March 2025 14 March 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE successfully secures contract in latest Capacity Round Auction SAE is pleased to announce it has secured a 15-year contract to provide vital, reliable electricity for the National Grid in the latest T-4 Capacity Market Auction Round (the "Auction") through its 120MW AW1 Battery Storage project (the "Project"). SAE will be paid £60/kW/year for the duration of the contract. The Capacity Market ensures the security of electricity supply by providing a payment for reliable sources of capacity. Success at the Auction provides an additional and fixed revenue stream for the Project and is an important component as SAE works towards financial close of its flagship AW1 Battery Project at the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park ("USEP"). SAE recently released a video animation highlighting the scale and benefits of the USEP site. This can be viewed here The results are subject to confirmation by the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, which is due by the 24 th March. - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed in the company's 2024 Annual report, pages 3-4. https://saerenewables.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/268176-SAE-Annual-Report-2023-CL.pdf Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and