Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 30 September 2025 30 September 2025 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Director Dealings Ampeak Energy has been notified of the following purchases of ordinary shares of no par value in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") by a Director of the Company. Name Position Number of Shares Purchased Price Resultant Holding % of Issued Share Capital Duncan Black Chairman 750,000 2.2800p 5,664,370 0.78% The notifications below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail in respect of the transaction as described above. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Duncan Black 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chairman b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Ampeak Energy Limited b) LEI 21380056V967FGHNU187 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of no par value Identification code SG9999011118 b) Nature of the transaction Market purchase c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1 2.2800p 750,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 750,000 - Price 2.2800p e) Date of the transaction 26 September 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 23 hours ago BP 23 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and