Notice of AGM SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 09 July 2025 9 July 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE", "SAE Renewables" or the "Company") Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting SAE announces that it has today made available to shareholders the Notice of 2025 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and the Form of Proxy. The Notice of AGM is available to view on the Company's website at: https://saerenewables.com/investor-relations/company-documents/ Printed copies of the Notice of AGM and the Form of Proxy are being mailed or made available to shareholders, in line with shareholder communication preferences. The AGM will be held at 11.00 a.m. on Thursday, 31 July 2025 at the offices of Ashurst LLP, London Fruit & Wool Exchange, 1 Duval Square, London, E1 6PW. - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE recently released a video animation highlighting the scale and benefits of the USEP site. This can be viewed here SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and