SAE receives final payment from Uskmouth project SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 21 January 2025 21 January 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE receives final payment from Battery project at Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park ("USEP") SAE is pleased to announce it has received the final payment of £1.25m under its agreement with EL (Uskmouth) Limited ("EL"), a subsidiary of FPC Electric Land. On 5 December 2023, SAE announced that it had agreed to sell the freehold land owned by SAE to EL, for a milestone-linked total gross cash consideration of £9.8m. The land is being used for a 460MWh Battery project being constructed by Uskmouth Energy Storage Limited. The EL land represents only a small proportion of the land owned by SAE at the Uskmouth site available for Battery development projects. The final payment was received on 20 January, following the successful delivery of 10% of the batteries for the 460MWh project. The first £5.0m payment was received on 28 March 2024, the second £2.0m payment was received on 28 May 2024 and the third £1.5m payment was received on 22 November 2024. The development, sale and land agreement has delivered vital revenue for SAE, which has been key to enabling the development of a significant portfolio of Battery projects at the USEP and near its site in Mey, Scotland. While Uskmouth Energy Storage Limited constructed the first Battery project, SAE gained valuable experience and knowledge of site preparation, delivery and installation, for its future projects. This experience is another important step in delivering its strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035". The Company's strategy is to deliver a significant pipeline of projects to achieve its goal of being a leading sustainable project developer, owner and operator, ensuring long-term value for its shareholders. Graham Reid, CEO of SAE, commented: "We would like to congratulate all those involved in getting this project to this significant milestone. We have been absolutely focused on achieving this milestone, as this will help us to unlock one of the most exciting battery storage sites in the UK and deliver on our strategy. We are now working towards delivering the next battery projects at our site and being a leading sustainable project developer, owner and operator ." SAE recently released a video animation highlighting the scale and benefits of the USEP site. This can be viewed here - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed on the company's website here: https://saerenewables.com/strategy/ Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and