Application for Scotland BESS project SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 11 June 2024 11 June 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") Application for up to 300MW / 1.2GWh Scotland BESS project SAE is pleased to announce that it has submitted an application for Section 36 consent to the Scottish Government's Energy Consents Unit for a battery energy storage system ("BESS") project of up to 300MW, sized for up to 4 hours duration (1.2GWh). The project, named "Mey BESS", will be located inland, 5.5km southwest of SAE's MeyGen tidal project, 0.5 km southeast of the village of Mey in Caithness and located adjacent to the planned and fully consented SSE Gills Bay 132kV substation project. SAE has secured all the necessary land rights and 287MW of both import and export grid capacity to allow for the BESS project to be built. The grid capacity is planned to be shared between Mey BESS and the Company's MeyGen tidal array with 207MW being utilised exclusively for BESS and the balance of 80MW secured for the expansion of the MeyGen tidal stream project. The consent application is sized at 300MW to allow for further expansion from 207MW to 300MW which would be subject to future grid applications. The grid connection and all infrastructure is consented and ready to be built, with an anticipated completion of April 2027. It is expected that the Mey BESS project will initially be built using 2 hour duration batteries to give an output capacity of 414MWh, with the site layout sized in the planning application to allow for expansion using 4-hour duration batteries of up to 300MW/1.2GWh. The development rights in the project are held by Mey Energy Storage Limited, which is owned 84% by SAE and 16% by Scottish Enterprise. SAE have significant presence and operations experience in the local area, having been operating the MeyGen tidal array in Caithness for many years. The dedicated project page will be available at: www.saerenewables.com/mey-BESS For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affair +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen. SAE is also the owner of the Uskmouth Power Station site that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park, initially housing one of the UK's largest battery energy storage projects. https://www.saerenewables.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and