SAE brings full power to MeyGen tidal stream site SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 04 December 2024 4 December 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE brings full power to MeyGen tidal stream site SAE is pleased to announce that, following the successful deployment of turbine 4, the world leading MeyGen tidal stream site now has all four turbines fully operational. This means that the site is now at full power for the first time, delivering 6MW of predictable, renewable power. Since deployment in 2016 the turbines operated by MeyGen have undergone several upgrades and enhancements to increase system efficiency and cost reduction. The site continues to support the innovation and development of the turbines to unlock further phases and further technological upgrades. The deployment of the turbine was carried out alongside Proteus Marine Renewables (PMR), with whom SAE recently announced it had started discussions to supply turbines for future phases of MeyGen. PMR, alongside its partners SKF Marine and GE Vernova, are developing a 3MW turbine which could be used at MeyGen for the next 59MW. The turbine was taken to site from the MeyGen Operations base at Nigg Energy Park aboard the Maersk Involver. The deployment operation was supported by MWaves as the project Marine Warranty Surveyors and completed without incident. Graham Reid, CEO of SAE, commented: "Phase 1 of the MeyGen project was delivered to prove the technology and allow innovation to unlock the technology at commercial scale. From this perspective, phase 1 has been a huge success, and it wouldn't have been possible without the support of our project partners and, of course, our shareholders. This is a proud moment for everyone involved in the sector and those pioneering this vital, predictable renewable energy source." - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and