Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 07 September 2026 7 September 2026 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Appointment of Non-Executive Director Ampeak Energy is pleased to announce the appointment of Peter Parry as a Non-Executive Director of the Company, with immediate effect. Mr Parry is an experienced board leader and non-executive director and long-serving magistrate. Across the private, social-housing and third sectors he has led business set-ups, restructuring, re-financing and investment. He co-founded and led FCG Vista Healthcare, one of the UK's larger independent healthcare providers, for 30 years before exiting in 2015. He is currently Independent Chair of Actif North Wales, the Regional Sport Partnership for North Wales. Mr Parry brings particular strength in financial oversight, risk and board effectiveness, and a commitment to organisations that create lasting value for shareholders and stakeholders, working constructively with executive teams. Mr Parry has been nominated by SIMEC UK Energy Holding Limited ("SUEH") under the terms of the relationship agreement between the Company and SUEH, and is the second nominated director following the appointment to the board of Mark Dawber in July 2026. SUEH has a 29.6% interest in Ampeak and the ultimate beneficial owner of SUEH is Patrick Hughes. Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, commented: "On behalf of the Board, I look forward to welcoming Peter to the Board. Peter's depth of expertise will strengthen the Board as we execute on our strategy and capitalise on the opportunities ahead. We are confident his contributions will support the next phase of our growth." For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons +44 (0)7739832446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy Harry Marshall Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 7409 3494 +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Additional Information: In accordance with Schedule 2(g) of the AIM Rules for Companies, Peter John Parry (aged 67) has been within the previous five years, a director or partner of the following companies or partnerships: Current Directorships/Partnerships Past Directorships/Partnerships within last 5 years N/A Creating Enterprise C.I.C. Cartrefi Developments Limited Cartrefi Conwy Cyfyngedig Mr Parry was a director of Fairhome Care Group (W.L.) Limited which was placed into administrative receivership in April 2015, entered creditors' voluntary liquidation in October 2015 and was subsequently dissolved, and of an associated company, Vista Independent Hospital Limited, which entered creditors' voluntary liquidation in October 2015 and was subsequently dissolved with, in each instance, a shortfall to unsecured creditors. There is no further information to be disclosed pursuant to Schedule 2(g) of the AIM Rules for Companies. Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and