SAE enters contracts for AW1 Battery Project SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 05 August 2025 5 August 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE", the "Company" or, together with its subsidiaries, the "Group") SAE enters supply and construction contracts for the AW1 Battery Storage project SAE is pleased to announce the entry into supply and construction contracts for its AW1 battery storage project ("AW1") at the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park ("USEP"). The AW1 project is a 240MWh battery storage project with the ability to increase to 480MWh. The project is SAE's flagship project at the USEP, which has the potential to be one of the largest battery storage sites in the UK. The site is key to unlocking an economic, environmental and social revival around Newport. The project is owned and is being constructed by AW1 Energy Storage Limited ("AWES"), a company dedicated to the construction, ownership and operation of this project. The batteries for AW1 are being purchased from Canadian Solar SES (UK) Ltd ("CSES") . CSES is one of the world's leading manufacturers of battery energy storage solutions. CSES has developed, built, and connected over 3.7GWh of battery energy storage projects globally. CSES will also provide a 15-year long term service agreement for the project, ensuring a bankable long-term warranty for the project. SAE and CSES have also entered into a framework agreement that secures the supply of batteries for SAE's future battery storage projects. Under this framework agreement, CSES has committed to 1.1GWh of batteries that will be supplied at competitive market prices to two of SAE's future projects, Mey BESS and AW3. Subject to the benchmarking of pricing, SAE has agreed to procure this capacity of batteries exclusively from CSES. SAE has provided a parent company guarantee in respect of this commitment, which has a liability cap of £3.65m. The agreement with CSES is strategically important for SAE as it secures a supply of market leading battery storage systems and enables SAE to efficiently build out a portfolio of battery storage projects, capitalising on the success of AW1. The balance of plant contract for the project has been awarded to Welsh-based contractor Jones Bros. Ruthin (Civil Engineering) Co. Limited, who possess exceptional knowledge of the site and are experienced in delivering battery projects, including having worked on the first battery project at the USEP. SAE has also entered into a 12-year floored revenue optimisation agreement with EDF Energy Customers Limited ("EDF") . Pexapark AG, a leading power purchase agreement commercial advisory firm, assisted SAE with the procurement and development of the optimisation agreement . This agreement will ensure SAE receives guaranteed revenue, and is in addition to the Capacity Market revenues that the project has secured and which SAE previously announced in March of this year . Construction work has already started on the AW1 project and is being managed by SAE, leveraging the SAE team's expertise from building and operating projects at both MeyGen and Uskmouth. The AW1 project has a contracted grid connection date of October 2026 and an anticipated commercial operations start date of Q1 2027. SAE will update the market on the financial close process in due course. SAE launched its strategy in 2024, outlining a path to deliver a pipeline of projects that will achieve its goal of being a leading sustainable project developer, owner and operator, ensuring long-term value for shareholders. David Taaffe, Chief Operating Officer of SAE, commented : "We are thrilled to have put in place a team to deliver our flagship AW1 project. Our project partners are world leaders, and their involvement in this project is key in ensuring its success, both in terms of delivery and in the project's successful long-term operation. We are also pleased that all our project partners are completely aligned with our wider vision for the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. They recognise the potential for USEP to become one of the largest battery storage sites in the UK and be a catalyst for local and national regeneration." This announcement contains inside information as defined in Article 7 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation No 596/2014, as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, and has been announced in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of that Regulation. For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE recently released a video animation highlighting the scale and benefits of the USEP site. This can be viewed here SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and