Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 18 December 2025 18 December 2025 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Offshore works completed at MeyGen site Ampeak Energy and Proteus Marine Renewables have successfully completed works at the world-leading MeyGen tidal stream project in Scotland's Pentland Firth. The offshore works involved three of the four turbines, and a series of inspection, maintenance and redeployment operations were successfully completed. Two of the three turbines (TTG 2 and TTG 4) were serviced offshore and returned to operation, whilst the third (TTG 1) was returned to Nigg for servicing and will be redeployed at a future date. No intervention was required on TTG 3, which has now accumulated seven years of operation, maintenance-free. Meygen is the largest tidal stream site in the world and has produced over 84 GWh of tidal energy, reinforcing its position as the world's number one tidal stream site and the home of the technology. With the site responsible for over 90% of the UK's tidal stream output, the team is focused on taking the lessons and experience to deliver a true large-scale tidal stream array. With revenue support to take the site to 65MW capacity and planning to go all the way to c.400MW, Ampeak Energy, Proteus Marine Renewables Limited and the project partners are all focused on unlocking the true potential of the site and technology. The successful completion of the latest offshore work demonstrates the strength of collaboration that is vital to MeyGen's and the industry's success. Fraser Johnson, MeyGen Director of Operations & Assets, said: "Collaboration is at the heart of industry, and these offshore operations were a great example of everyone coming together for the same outcome. I would like to thank all those involved in these successful efforts. Every step of the MeyGen journey is a step towards large-scale deployment and unlocking the full potential of tidal stream. For all involved, seeing firsthand the capabilities and opportunities makes it clear that tidal stream can and should play a major role in our energy future. It is predictable, scalable, and has the potential to be cost-competitive with other forms of predictable generation." Drew Blaxland, Proteus CEO, said: "The operation that we have just completed is another world record. Five turbine interventions in three days, without leaving site, servicing two of those on deck and returning them into operation subsea. Our continued works like this at MeyGen validate the commercial viability of subsea founded turbines. Our offshore services team works hand in hand with our turbine designers to ensure fit for purpose machines that can be handled safely and efficiently in high flow marine conditions. I am proud, not just of what has been achieved, but also of the professional manner in which it has been completed. Our low risk, repeatable and scalable methods help underpin tidal stream energy's bankable investment proposition." For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proteus Marine Renewables is a UK-based marine energy technology and offshore services provider with more than 20 years of tidal development heritage. Emerging from a 2022 management buyout, its ARSeries turbines have delivered over 20 GWh of clean power across 25 deployments worldwide. Proteus continues to advance tidal technology for global markets. https://proteusmr.com/ Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and