SAE enters JV to co-develop AW2 Battery Project SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 15 May 2025 15 May 2025 SAE and Econergy enter into a JV to drive forward the Afon Wysg 2 (AW2) Battery Storage project at the UK leading USEP SAE and Econergy International Limited (Econergy) have entered a strategic joint venture ("JV") to co-develop the AW2 250MW Battery Storage project at SAE's Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park (USEP). This partnership brings together two leaders in the renewable energy space, combining SAE's experience in developing complex renewable energy generation and battery storage projects in the UK and its ownership of the highly strategic USEP site with Econergy's deep expertise in battery storage construction, financing, and execution. Their combined experience ensures the project is well-positioned to move through the planning process and toward financial closure. As battery technology continues to progress, the team is designing the project for a duration of up to 5 hours, bringing the project's total potential capacity to 1,250 MWh. The project aims to achieve planning permission within the next 12 months and financial close in 2027. The AW2 project will be the third battery storage project to be delivered at the USEP, which is one of the leading battery storage sites in the UK, with over 1GW of projects either in construction or development. SAE CEO Graham Reid commented: "This partnership is an ideal fit for both parties and for the project. We have a clear strategy to be an independent power producer, and we are delighted to be partnering with a company that has the same strategy. We look forward to working with Econergy to deliver this exciting project for our businesses, the community and our shareholders." Econergy Head of Energy Storage, Joshua Murphy commented: "This JV with SAE marks a strategic milestone in Econergy's continued expansion in the UK energy storage market. As we scale our energy storage portfolio across Europe, the AW2 project reflects our commitment to building critical infrastructure that supports the UK's grid stability. Partnering with SAE at one of the UK's most advanced energy hubs reinforces our ambition to be a leading force in delivering flexible, reliable, and sustainable power solutions." - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Econergy Eliana Horenczyk, Marketing Manager +972-523650184 Notes to Editors SAE SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE recently released a video animation highlighting the scale and benefits of the USEP site. This can be viewed here SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Econergy Econergy Group (TASE: ECNR) is a leading European IPP and active developer specializing in solar PV, Wind, and Energy Storage projects across key European markets, including the UK, Italy, Spain, Romania, Poland, and Greece. With a robust project pipeline exceeding ~14GW, Econergy is at the forefront of driving Europe's renewable energy transition. The company's local teams provide a strategic advantage, ensuring close collaboration with regulatory entities and local communities. Econergy's solid strategic partnerships are key to securing project funding and further. Additionally, the company generates revenue across the entire value chain by selling electricity, earning development and operation fees, and selling projects at various stages of development, ensuring a diversified and sustainable income stream. http://www.econergytech.com Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and