Ampeak Energy Investor Day Ampeak Energy Limited 04 November 2025 4 November 2025 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") 2025 Investor Day On Monday, 3rd November, Ampeak Energy welcomed investors and shareholders to its 2025 Investor Day, offering an exclusive look inside one of the largest battery storage facilities in the UK - the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. Guests enjoyed guided tours and insightful presentations led by the company's Executive Board and senior leadership team. The team highlighted the company's strong performance, strategic growth plan, and exciting progress on the AW1 Battery Storage project, which is set for commercial operation in Q1 2027. The team also set out its 4.3GWh portfolio of Battery Storage projects, which have an operational enterprise value of over £1 billion, based on recent market valuations (HEIT by Foresight Group, £430k/MWh). The team were also able to set out how its experience and success are opening up even further projects and opportunities. Guests were shown around the site and saw the significant construction progress on AW1. They were also shown the site of AW2, which has recently secured planning approval, as well as approval to remove the ash . The Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park is set to be one of the largest and most advanced battery storage sites in the UK, unlocking and creating opportunities in new growth areas and reinforcing Ampeak Energy's leadership in driving our sustainable energy future. The presentation can be viewed here For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons +44 (0)7739832446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and