SAE provided with LSE’s Green Economy Mark SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 16 August 2024 16 August 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE has been provided with London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark SAE is pleased to announce that the London Stock Exchange has provided it with the Green Economy Mark. The Green Economy Mark, first introduced in 2019, was created to assist investors in identifying an investible universe of 'green economy' equities. The Green Economy Mark identifies companies and funds, admitted to the London Stock Exchange's markets, that generate 50% or more of total annual revenues from products and services that contribute to the global green economy. To assess an issuer's contribution to the green economy, London Stock Exchange utilises the FTSE Russell Green Revenues Classification System ("GRCS"). The GRCS is a data classification system developed by FTSE Russell, as a comprehensive taxonomy for green products and services to help investors identify a company's green revenue activities. It takes a broad, bottom-up view of the green economy, capturing products and services across the whole value chain. SAE is a developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE's business is aligned with the UK's binding Net Zero targets, which ensures it is working in harmony with national objectives. SAE is one of the leading BESS developers in the UK and is the world's leader in tidal stream operations and development. Graham Reid, CEO of SAE said: "We are delighted to have been provided with the Green Economy Mark, demonstrating our clear commitment to being a sustainable business for our planet and our shareholders. The Green Economy Mark helps ensure that our investors and stakeholders understand our green credentials and our efforts to support the transition to a low carbon economy." Julia Hoggett, CEO of the London Stock Exchange, added: "Congratulations to SAE on obtaining the Green Economy Mark, which highlights companies or funds that derive 50% or more of total annual revenues from products and services that contribute to the global green economy. Companies within the Green Economy Mark cohort play an important role in accelerating the transition to a more sustainable economy." - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affair +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen. SAE is also the owner of the Uskmouth Power Station site that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park, initially housing one of the UK's largest battery energy storage projects. https://www.saerenewables.com/ This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and