SAE welcomes Cabinet Secretary to Uskmouth SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 18 March 2025 REACH 18 March 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE welcomes Cabinet Secretary to showcase one of the largest Battery Storage sites in the UK SAE was delighted to welcome Rebecca Evans MS, Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Energy and Planning to its Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park (USEP). The Cabinet Secretary was able to see the significant progress being made in delivering one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites and our vision for USEP, which will provide security of electricity supply for the region and facilitate the development more renewable energy generation, as well as support the region in becoming a leader in AI by facilitating the development of data centres. The USEP is utilising the existing infrastructure from decades of operation of coal fired power stations at the Uskmouth site. The Cabinet Secretary saw how all of the electrical grid infrastructure needed was already in place and was able to see how batteries for the first battery storage project have already been delivered to site via USEP's own railway line, reducing the impact on local roads and the environment. The USEP is a key enabler for economic growth and supporting the Welsh Government's decarbonisation targets. The progress in delivering over 3.5GWh of Battery Storage will be vital as the area looks to maintain and attract investment, especially in new technologies and specifically AI. CEO Graham Reid said: "Our strategy is completely aligned with Government policy, and we were delighted to be able to discuss the role that USEP plays with the Welsh Government. I would like to thank the Cabinet Secretary for her support and time in helping unlock investment and supporting the delivery of our vision at USEP." Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Energy and Planning, Rebecca Evans said: "The repurposing of this former coal-fired power station demonstrates exactly the kind of innovative, sustainable development we want to see in Wales, creating new opportunities while helping us meet our decarbonisation goals. The scale of battery storage being delivered at Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park will support our move toward using renewable energy to meet our energy demand. "Sites like this are absolutely critical for providing the low-carbon flexibility we need and will play a vital role in maintaining our network security through rapid response services, while supporting the wider integration of renewables across our electricity grid." - Ends - Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Energy and Planning, Rebecca Evans, SAE CEO, Graham Reid and SAE Commercial Director Paul Hebbard, looking at the Uskmouth coal-fired station. Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Energy and Planning, Rebecca Evans and SAE CEO Graham Reid on the site of the AW1 Battery project. For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and