Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 26 June 2026 26 June 2026 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" "Ampeak" or the "Company") Notice of Annual General Meeting and Ampeak Energy proposed Board appointments Ampeak Energy announces that it has today made available to shareholders the Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and the Form of Proxy. The Notice of AGM is available to view on the Company's website here . Printed copies of the Notice of AGM and the Form of Proxy are being mailed or made available to shareholders, in line with shareholder communication preferences. The AGM will be held at 11am on Monday, 13 July 2026 at the offices of Ashurst LLP, London Fruit & Wool Exchange, 1 Duval Square, London, E1 6PW. Proposed Board appointments Following the announcement early this year that Patrick Hughes had become Ampeak's largest shareholder, management have engaged with Patrick Hughes and his team, and the Company is pleased to announce the proposed appointments of two members of Patrick's senior leadership team to the Ampeak Board as Non-Executive Directors. It is intended that Scott Martin and Mark Dawber (biographies below) will be joining the Ampeak Board following the conclusion of the Company's AGM. They bring significant experience in the energy and technology space and will help support the Company as it continues to deliver against its goals. The proposed appointees have been nominated by SIMEC UK Energy Holding Limited ("SUEH") under the terms of the Relationship Agreement between the Company and SUEH. SUEH has a 29.6% interest in Ampeak and the ultimate beneficial owner of SUEH is Patrick Hughes. In addition, David Taaffe, current Ampeak Chief Operating Officer, has also been nominated to join the Board, bringing a wealth of experience and a track record of delivery. It is intended that David will join the Board following conclusion of the AGM. David Taaffe David was appointed Chief Operating Officer in June 2022, having previously been responsible for project development and delivery since joining Ampeak in 2011. David holds responsibility for Ampeak's project portfolio, including the origination, strategic development and project financing of the Company's significant portfolio of Battery Storage projects. In recent years, David has been instrumental in achieving financial close of the AW1 Battery Storage project and establishing Ampeak's pipeline of a further 4.3GWh of Battery Storage development projects. Prior to joining Ampeak, David worked for a number of international consultancies and developers and successfully delivered large scale energy projects in Ireland, UK, and New Zealand. David has a BEng (Hons) in Electrical Engineering from University College Dublin. Mark Dawber Mark Dawber is currently Managing Director of Valencia Energy, a privately owned UK renewable energy generation portfolio, where he holds full accountability for the business, all operations, energy trading, and the development of new projects. Alongside this, Mark is Co-founder and Chief Energy and Infrastructure Officer of Era4, leading Energy Strategy, site development and delivery for sovereign AI infrastructure. Mark brings deep operational expertise across the UK power sector, with a track record in technology development and deployment, reciprocating gas engine projects, behind the meter generation, PPA origination and energy trading. Prior to Valencia, Mark spent over a decade at Viridor across operational, engineering and senior leadership roles, including Head of Power Generation for the national landfill gas estate, where he led a step change in availability, compliance and commercial performance across the portfolio. Mark is a Chartered Fellow of the Chartered Management Institute (CMgr FCMI) and holds an MBA from Cranfield University and a BEng in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Southampton. Scott Martin Scott Martin is currently Group CFO of Patrick Hughes' family office, overseeing Mr Hughes' interests in companies across a variety of interests, including waste management, power generation, AI infrastructure and real estate. Prior to this, Scott spent around four years as Finance Director of another family office advising on a portfolio spanning private equity, hedge funds, real estate, public equities and fixed income. He trained with PwC in London within the Asset and Wealth Management practice. Scott is a Chartered Accountant (ACA) and holds a First Class Honours degree in Accounting and Finance from the University of Strathclyde. Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, commented: "On behalf of the Board, I look forward to welcoming Scott and Mark to the Board alongside David. Their depth of expertise and industry knowledge will significantly strengthen the Board as we execute on our strategy and capitalise on the opportunities ahead. We are confident their contributions will support the next phase of our growth." ENDS For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons +44 (0)7739832446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy Harry Marshall +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and