SAE secures additional support for MeyGen project SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 03 September 2024 3 September 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE secures support to deliver more capacity at the world leading MeyGen project SAE is pleased to announce that it has secured a Contract for Difference ("CfD") in the latest Allocation Round ("AR"), for the world leading MeyGen site. These CfD contracts, which guarantee 172 (£/MWh), for 15 years from 31 st March 2029, the target commissioning date, will allow SAE to increase the size of the MeyGen 2 development by c.9MW, enabling more clean, home-sourced, predictable energy to be generated at its MeyGen site in Scotland. As previously announced, on 8 September 2023, SAE has already secured contracts for 50MW in AR4 and AR5, and this further success in AR6 will bring the total project under development to 59MW. This next phase is in addition to the 6MW already operational at the site. MeyGen has so far produced 66GWh of energy, more than all other tidal stream sites in the world combined, clearly demonstrating that MeyGen is the world's number one site for tidal stream power. To deliver the 59 MW project, SAE is in advanced discussions with global manufacturing and engineering firms. These non-binding discussions are progressing well, and SAE will provide further updates as and when appropriate. Graham Reid, CEO of SAE Renewables, commented: "The scale and opportunity that MeyGen represents for the industry the supply chain, our stakeholders and the wider United Kingdom, is significant and we will work with all involved to ensure its success." This announcement contains inside information as defined in Article 7 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation No 596/2014, as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, and has been announced in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of that Regulation. - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affair +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects and as a result is proud to have received the London Stock Exchange's Green Economy Mark. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen. SAE is also the owner of the Uskmouth Power Station site that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park, initially housing one of the UK's largest battery energy storage projects. https://www.saerenewables.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and