AIM Rule 17 - Schedule 2(g) update SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 27 June 2025 27 June 2025 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") AIM Rule 17 - Schedule 2(g) update SAE provides the following update in accordance with AIM Rule 17 and Schedule 2(g) sub-paragraph (v) of the AIM Rules for Companies. As part of a process to simplify SAE's corporate structure and to wind up the dormant corporate entities, certain SAE subsidiaries and one joint venture of SAE have been placed into creditors voluntary liquidation (CVL) - Atlantis Resources (Gujarat Tidal) Pte Limited ("ARGL") entered into a CVL on 25 June 2025 - Sea Generation Limited ("SGL") entered into a CVL on 30 December 2024 - NPA Fuels Limited ("NFL"), a joint venture, entered into a CVL on 26 November 2024 Graham Reid, Chief Executive Officer, is a director of ARGL, SGL and NFL. Simon Hirst, Chief Financial Officer, is a director of ARGL and SGL. SAE is the primary creditor of these companies and the sums due to the parent company have been written off or fully impaired in the prior years' financial statements. - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ SAE's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed in the company's 2024 Annual report, pages 3-4. https://saerenewables.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/268176-SAE-Annual-Report-2023-CL.pdf Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and