AMPEAK  
ENERGY
We are a developer, owner and operator of 
sustainable energy projects.
www.ampeak.energy
Annual 
Report
2025
AMP
We are 
Ampeak 
Energy
 Our Vision
  To develop, own and operate sustainable 
energy projects for the benefit of our 
shareholders and our planet.
 Our Mission
  To collaborate and innovate to reduce 
costs and successfully deliver our projects.
 Our Values
  Today – We are an innovative and  
dedicated team.
  Tomorrow – Through collaboration and 
teamwork we will achieve our vision. 
  Always – We always value the safety  
of each other, our communities and  
the environment.
“
We are Ampeak Energy, a developer, 
owner and operator of sustainable energy 
projects. Our business is aligned with the 
UK’s binding Net Zero targets to ensure 
we are working in harmony with the UK 
government’s national objectives. 
We are passionate about what we do 
and use that passion to drive forward our 
business, delivering for our shareholders, 
stakeholders and communities. Our long-term 
success will be underpinned by the revenue 
generated from operating our sustainable 
energy projects, ensuring a profitable and 
sustainable business.
AMP
+Contents
STRATEGIC REPORT  1
Highlights 1
Ampeak Energy Strategy 3 
Reasons to invest  5
Chairman Statement  7
CEO Statement   13 
CFO Statement  19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   25
Directors’ Report 26
Board of Directors 27
Board Operation 29
Board Committees 30  
Group Governance Report 33
Directors’ Remuneration Report 35
 Directors’ Responsibility Statement 38
Independent Auditor’s Report 39
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  43
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 44 
Statements of Financial Position 45
 Statements of Changes in Equity 46
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 48
Notes to the Financial Statements 49
Company Information IBC
Highlights
Financial
12.9
11.3
11.92023
2024
2025
+14% 
GWh generated
12.9GWh (2024: 11.3GWh)
3.7
7.9
8.32023
2024
2025
6.8
6.0
5.02023
2024
2025
6.8
17.2
47.82023
2024
2025
12.7
13.7
13.72023
2024
2025
-13.9
-25.1
23.22023
2024
2025
£15.0m
Revenue
(2024: £14.4m)
£6.8m 
Net Assets
(2024: £17.2m)
£3.7m
EBITDA
(2024: £7.9m)
£6.8m
Cash burn
(2024: £6.0m)
“By the close of 2025 we had assembled a 
portfolio of 4.3GWh of battery storage projects 
with an operational enterprise value, on recent 
market valuations, of over £1 billion.”
Graham Reid CEO
£12.7m
Group debt (excl. non-recourse debt)
(2024: £13.7m)
£13.9m
Loss
(2024: £25.1m)
15.0
14.4
15.32023
2024
2025
Lorem ipsum
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
1
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy 
Park (USEP)
Achieved financial close of the flagship AW1 
240MWh Battery Storage Project.
Highlights
Operational
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy 
Park (USEP)
Planning permission received for the 
1,250MWh AW2 Battery Storage project. 
Mey BESS project
Planning permission received for the 
1,200MWh Battery Storage project.
MeyGen
The array has generated over 87GWh of 
predictable tidal energy since inception.
MeyGen
Work is progressing to bring a further 59MW 
of tidal capacity to financial close.
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
2
Ampeak will seek to geographically diversify its battery 
portfolio via the acquisition of additional attractive 
development projects with near term grid connection 
dates.
Ampeak Energy 
Strategy
Building a sustainable future to 2035
Ampeak launched a clear strategy for success 
in 2024. This strategy was formulated to unlock 
significant value in the business and deliver 
returns for our shareholders. Each year, the 
Company continues to make great progress 
towards achieving its goals.
It’s a path to deliver a pipeline of projects that will 
achieve its goal of being a leading sustainable 
project developer, owner and operator, ensuring 
long-term value for shareholders.
Ampeak’s strategy directly supports the UK 
Government’s policy to improve energy security 
and achieve Net Zero by 2050.
Ampeak will utilise its experience, expertise, and 
relationships with project partners to deliver new 
projects and opportunities, while continuing to 
deliver at its existing sites. In delivering this target, 
Ampeak will become a leading Independent Power 
Producer (IPP) in the UK and will benefit from the 
long-term sustainable revenue streams these assets 
will provide.
Ampeak has the foundations, 
strategy and team to deliver. 
Following the success of the 
flagship AW1 project and 
the achievement of all its 
development targets, Ampeak’s 
strategy has evolved to reflect 
that its ambition now extends 
beyond its two existing sites.
T o achieve its goals Ampeak’s 
strategy is focused on:
Develop, own and operate 10GWh 
of battery storage projects
Diversify the battery portfolio 
across the UK and Ireland
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
3
Ampeak has significant experience of project 
development and owning and operating assets. With 
AW1 already in construction and a growing pipeline of 
projects, Ampeak is working towards a 2GWh target. 
Develop, own and operate 2GWh 
of Battery Storage projects
Ampeak has secured 59MW of revenue support 
from the Contracts for Difference (CfD) allocation 
rounds and is working closely and collaboratively 
alongside the Scottish Government to hit this 
milestone.
Financially close 59MW of
tidal capacity at MeyGen
Ampeak will continue to engage with the UK 
Government and use its broad support base to 
continue to make the case for tidal stream at scale. 
Ampeak will continue to be the world’s largest tidal 
stream IPP and benefit from the long term sustainable 
and predictable revenue streams this asset will 
provide.
Develop, own and operate the remainder of 
the MeyGen tidal site up to 398MW
Ampeak will develop and design longer duration battery 
projects, typically of 4-hour duration but with the potential to 
increase beyond 4 hours.
As intermittent renewable energy increases, and fossil fuel 
generation reduces we expect an increase in demand for 
longer duration storage systems. Ampeak will be well placed 
to rapidly serve this increased demand, through expansion 
of our battery storage assets.
Increase the duration of battery projects 
to respond to demand for long-duration 
storage solutions
To
2035
To
2030
As the transition to Net Zero continues and the demand for electricity 
accelerates, the challenges associated with ensuring energy security and 
supplying firm sustainable power solutions will further increase. 
Ampeak will seek to build on the expertise it has developed and the 
strategic sites and grid connections it has secured from its battery storage 
and predictable tidal power generation businesses to deliver innovative 
sustainable power generation solutions integrating a range of generation and 
storage technologies.           
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
4
The single location advantages are:
 ▶ Wholly owned site de-risks 
project development, as Ampeak 
has no reliance on agreements 
with third-party landowners. 
 ▶ Access to existing grid 
infrastructure lowers the cost 
and time to connect. 
 ▶ Owner of a rail connection, 
meaning lower transport costs 
and a more sustainable means 
of importing materials and plant 
for construction. 
 ▶ Brownfield industrial permitted 
generation site, favourable 
towards battery storage from a 
planning perspective. 
 ▶ Ampeak retains the land and 
has designed the projects for 
expansion from 2-hour duration 
to 4 hours. 
 ▶ The operations and maintenance 
team at Uskmouth has extensive 
historical knowledge of the site, 
local supply chains and the 
community. 
Unique opportunity to invest 
in one of the largest, single 
location battery storage 
portfolios in the UK, the 
Uskmouth Sustainable 
Energy Park (USEP).
 ▶ Secured planning permission for 
a 1,200MWh Battery Storage 
project, near its MeyGen tidal 
project. The battery storage 
project is strategically located 
in a region of high renewable 
generation and can help the 
National Grid to bring these 
renewables onto the grid sooner. 
 ▶ New opportunities are being 
actively pursued in the UK and 
Ireland. 
 ▶ Ampeak sees a compelling 
opportunity to secure additional 
attractive development 
projects and thereby expand its 
operational battery portfolio to 
2GWh by the end of 2030.
Ampeak is already growing 
its portfolio and applying its 
experience to other battery 
storage sites.
 ▶ Battery storage projects will 
deliver long-term revenue 
streams through arbitrage, grid 
services (underpinned by floor 
or toll optimisation agreements) 
and capacity market.
 ▶ The next phase of the tidal 
project will deliver long-term 
revenue streams supported 
by a predictable resource and 
Contract for Difference (CfD) 
revenue support. 
 ▶ Ampeak aims to become an 
Independent Power Producer 
(IPP) for over 2GWh of storage 
capacity and 398MW of tidal 
generation capacity, thereby 
securing long-term predictable 
revenue streams for the 
business. 
 ▶ Ampeak aims to increase the 
capacity of its battery storage 
projects to 10GWh by 2035. 
Ampeak has diversified 
revenue streams.
Reasons  
to invest
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
5
1 2 3
▶ Strong focus on delivering 
profitable projects and solid 
investment return. 
 ▶ Relentless focus on disciplined 
cash management and positive 
cashflows. 
 ▶ Exceptional origination, 
development, planning, 
construction and operations and 
maintenance expertise. 
Ampeak has developed a 
stronger financial base from 
which to deliver its strategy 
and achieve its goals.
 ▶ An executive and management 
team with a strong record of 
turning around the Group and 
growing this business. 
 ▶ Invested and strategic Board 
focused on ambitious growth. 
Experienced and invested 
team.
 ▶ UK battery storage requirement 
in excess of 50GW by 2050 
to provide grid services as 
renewable generation comes 
online. 
 ▶ Deliver on the need for greater 
energy security. 
 ▶ Supports large scale expansion 
of offshore and onshore wind in 
the region. 
Strong alignment with 
macro-economic and 
regulatory drivers.
Ampeak is the world’s leader in tidal 
operations and development.
 ▶ A 460MWh battery storage project, under 
construction, with expansion potential to 700MWh. 
 ▶ A 240MWh battery storage project, AW1, under 
construction and scheduled to be operational in 
2027. 
 ▶ A further 1,250MWh battery storage project, AW2, 
which has received planning permission. 
 ▶ With the opportunity for significant expansion, 
Ampeak remains at the forefront of the deployment 
of this new technology. 
 ▶ With the MeyGen site already operational and 
designed for scale, Ampeak remains perfectly placed 
to benefit as the industry develops. 
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park is a prime 
site for battery expansion. USEP currently hosts:
Ampeak presents an exciting opportunity to 
invest in one of the UK’s leading battery storage 
and renewable energy developers. Ampeak 
has everything needed for the rapid delivery 
of projects and a team with a track record 
of success.
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
6
4 5 6
Chairman  
Duncan Black
2025 Highlights
 ▶ 2025 was a transformational 
year for Ampeak Energy. 
Achieving financial close and 
commencing construction 
of our flagship AW1 battery 
project was a major 
achievement which positions 
the business strongly for 
further growth.
 ▶ The AW1 project demonstrates 
the value of our project 
pipeline and our ability to 
deliver complex battery 
storage projects. Since 
closing AW1, our portfolio of 
consented battery storage 
projects has grown to 2.9GWh 
and are now actively exploring 
securing new projects and 
entering new markets.
 ▶ These achievements reflect 
the journey we are on, the 
milestones we have achieved, 
and, most importantly, where 
we are heading as a leading 
developer, owner, and operator 
of sustainable energy projects.
Chairman  
statement
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
7
“Ampeak Energy’s battery 
storage pipeline has grown to 
4.3GWh— a portfolio with an 
operational enterprise value of 
over £1 billion.”
Battery Energy Storage Systems —  
A Transformational Y ear
2025 marked the year we transitioned from developing 
battery projects to financially closing and starting 
construction of them. 
AW1 is a 120MW/240MWh battery energy storage system 
at the USEP, which has been designed with the potential 
to be expanded up to 480MWh. The project secured a 
£67.4 million financing package, including £45.3 million of 
non-recourse project financing from Nord/LB, a leading 
European infrastructure lender. Ampeak Energy maintains 
a controlling equity stake in the project, showing our 
commitment to building and owning assets for the long term. 
This milestone is significant. It clearly signals to all third 
parties, stakeholders, and shareholders that we can and will 
deliver on our commitments. 
To celebrate this achievement, we hosted a groundbreaking 
ceremony at Uskmouth in September, inviting local 
politicians, project partners, and all those involved in this 
success. It was an occasion that highlighted both the 
scale of our development and the broad support from 
local communities, politicians, and businesses surrounding 
the project. 
Introduction 
The Board set a series of objectives for the business at the 
beginning of 2025:
 ▶ Achieve financial close for the AW1 240MWh Battery 
Storage Project at the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy 
Park (“USEP”).
 ▶ Secure planning permission for the AW2 Battery Storage 
Project at the USEP and the Mey BESS Battery Storage 
Project in Caithness.
 ▶ Maintain safe and reliable operations of the MeyGen 
tidal project, continuing to generate predictable, world-
leading tidal stream power.
Our focus on delivery has been central to our turnaround, 
and I am incredibly proud that once again the Company has 
stayed focused and achieved its objectives. I want to thank 
the entire Ampeak Energy team and all our project partners 
for their exceptional dedication, helping us continue our 
journey to establish ourselves as a leading developer, owner, 
and operator of sustainable energy projects.
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
8
Chairman  
statement
A New Name and a New Strategic 
Shareholder for a New Chapter
Following shareholders’ approval at our Annual General 
Meeting, we formally renamed the Company Ampeak 
Energy Limited. This was not just a rebrand; it was a clear 
signal of our transformation — from a project developer to 
a project builder and Independent Power Producer — and 
reflected our ambition to become a major player in UK 
sustainable energy.
In February 2026, we were delighted to welcome Mr 
Patrick Hughes as our new 29.6% shareholder, replacing 
the SIMEC Group. Mr Hughes is the owner of Valencia 
Waste Management, one of the UK’s largest landfill 
operators. I am pleased to report that Mr Hughes is 
supportive of the Company’s vision for growth, and we 
continue to discuss opportunities to partner with Mr 
Hughes and his other businesses.
A major enabler for us to fund AW1’s financial close and 
accelerate our battery storage pipeline delivery was 
securing an £8.5 million loan from Cardiff Capital Region, 
which was fully drawn in November 2025.  We are very 
grateful for this loan from Cardiff Capital Region, which 
reaffirms the regional government’s confidence in our 
work and the economic opportunity represented by the 
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. 
We also hosted senior Welsh Government politicians, 
underscoring the national importance of our site and 
the strength of our political relationships. Their ongoing 
support is vital to our ambitions. 
Progress at Uskmouth has not slowed with AW1. In 
October 2025, planning permission was granted for 
AW2 — our second battery storage project at the site, 
developed with Econergy International Limited, with a 
capacity of 250MW/1,250MWh. Additionally, our Mey 
BESS project in Caithness, neighbouring the MeyGen 
tidal site, achieved planning permission in January 2026, 
expanding our consented pipeline to 2.9GWh — a tenfold 
increase from AW1 alone. 
The extensive pipeline and Ampeak Energy’s proven 
delivery capacity lay the foundation for it to become one of 
the UK’s largest battery storage operators. 
“In December 2025, Ampeak Energy and Proteus Marine Renewables 
successfully completed a remarkable programme of offshore works at 
MeyGen, servicing three of the four turbines in just three days.”
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
9
Tidal — Continued World Leadership
Our MeyGen tidal stream project remains the world’s 
leading tidal stream generation site, generating over 80% 
of the UK’s tidal stream output month after month. The 
site has now produced over 87GWh of clean, predictable 
energy since commissioning, making it the world leader — 
a record that continues to grow.
In December 2025, Ampeak Energy and Proteus Marine 
Renewables successfully completed a remarkable 
programme of offshore works at MeyGen, servicing three 
of the four turbines in just three days. The achievement 
was impressive — five turbine interventions were 
completed without leaving the site, with two turbines 
serviced on deck and then returned directly to subsea 
operation. A third turbine was sent to Nigg for servicing 
and will be redeployed later in 2026. TTG3, which has now 
operated maintenance-free for seven years, required no 
intervention at all. These operations reinforce the technical 
and commercial viability of tidal stream at scale and 
highlight the industry’s increasing maturity.
The combination of our battery storage and tidal 
capabilities gives Ampeak Energy a unique position in the 
UK’s sustainable energy landscape — one that provides 
both reliable firm renewable energy generation today and 
the flexible, large-scale storage the grid needs to reach 
Net Zero.
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
10
Chairman  
statement
Conclusion
I have been privileged to chair the Board through one of 
the most extraordinary years in the Company’s history. We 
have progressed from promise to delivery; from planning 
to construction; from SAE to Ampeak Energy. The pipeline 
we possess, the relationships we have established, and 
the team we have built give me great confidence that the 
years ahead will be at least as momentous as the one just 
concluded. The Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park is on 
track to become one of the largest battery storage sites in 
the UK, and Ampeak Energy is on its way to establishing 
itself as a leading Independent Power Producer in 
sustainable energy.
Duncan Black
Non-Executive Chairman
Outlook
As we look ahead, the Board is encouraged by both the 
progress achieved and the platform we have established. 
AW1 is currently under construction, with first commercial 
operations expected in Q1 2027 and projected full year 
project revenues of around £13 million annually, with an 
EBITDA averaging approximately £9 million per year during 
its first five full years of operation.
Our total battery storage pipeline of 4.3GWh, representing 
an enterprise value exceeding £1 billion, offers a 
transformational opportunity for Ampeak Energy and its 
shareholders.
Tidal stream we continue to believe to be a highly 
attractive form of predictable, firm renewable energy 
generation, which is increasingly in demand in the UK 
grid. MeyGen has clearly demonstrated the technical 
and commercial viability of the technology. We remain 
committed to working with the Scottish Government and 
our partners to unlock the next phases of the project.
“We have progressed from promise to delivery; from planning 
to construction; from SAE to Ampeak Energy.”
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
11
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
12
CEO  
Graham Reid
2025 Highlights
 ▶  Financial close of the AW1 
240MWh Battery Storage 
Project at USEP, with a total 
project cost of £67.4 million.
 ▶  Supply and construction 
contracts entered for AW1, 
with Canadian Solar SES as 
battery supplier and Jones 
Bros as civil contractor, and 
EDF signed as long-term 
optimisation partner.
 ▶  Planning permission granted 
for the AW2 250MW / 
1,250MWh Battery Storage 
Project, in JV with Econergy 
International.
 ▶  Scottish Ministers’ Section 36 
consent granted for the Mey 
BESS 300MW / 1,200MWh 
Battery Storage Project.
 ▶  £8.5 million Cardiff Capital 
Region loan facility fully drawn 
down.
 ▶  Capacity market contract 
secured in the March 2025 
T-4 auction, providing revenue 
certainty for the AW1 project.
 ▶  Successful offshore 
maintenance programme 
completed at MeyGen in 
December 2025, with five 
turbine interventions in three 
days.
 ▶  Company renamed Ampeak 
Energy Limited with new AMP 
ticker, following shareholder 
approval at the July 2025 
AGM.
CEO  
statement
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
13
“2025 has been the most 
significant year in our 
Company’s existence. We 
have made the transition from 
developer to constructor, from 
SAE to Ampeak, and from 
having a vision to delivering 
on it. I am immensely proud of 
every person in our team who 
made this happen.”
AW1 — Our Flagship Project T akes 
Shape
On 5 August 2025, we announced the financial close of AW1 
— the single most important milestone in our Company’s 
history. I said at the time that it was a transformational 
moment for the business, and that assessment stands. AW1 
is the first battery storage project in our portfolio that we 
have developed, financed, built and will own and operate 
as the majority equity owner. The £67.4 million financing, 
with £45.3 million of non-recourse debt from Nord/LB, is a 
significant transaction for Ampeak and for the UK battery 
storage market. We retain a 75.3% controlling equity stake.
Prior to financial close, we entered into supply and 
construction contracts in early August. Canadian Solar 
SES was appointed as battery supplier, with a framework 
agreement also securing supply of batteries for our future 
projects — Mey BESS and AW3 — ensuring we can build our 
pipeline cost-effectively and efficiently. Jones Bros, a Welsh-
based contractor with direct experience at the Uskmouth 
site, was appointed for civil works. EDF, the UK’s largest 
optimiser of battery and flexible assets, was appointed as 
our long-term commercial optimisation partner, bringing its 
Powershift platform and trading expertise to the project for 
the duration of operations.
Introduction
2025 was a year of significant delivery. The Board set 
clear, ambitious objectives and the team exceeded them. 
We achieved financial close on AW1 — our flagship battery 
storage project — entered supply and construction 
contracts, broke ground on site and began construction. We 
secured planning permission for AW2, the second and larger 
battery project at USEP. We received full Scottish Ministers’ 
consent for our Mey BESS project in Scotland. We also 
changed our name to Ampeak Energy, a clear statement of 
who we are and where we are going.
Throughout the year we continued to implement our strategy: 
Building a Sustainable Future to 2035. Our transition to 
becoming a leading Independent Power Producer advanced 
materially, and by the close of 2025 we had assembled 
a portfolio of 4.3GWh of battery storage projects with an 
operational enterprise value, on recent market valuations, of 
over £1 billion.
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
14
CEO  
statement
Econergy International Limited brings significant 
experience to this partnership, with a track record in 
UK battery storage and a growing pipeline of their own 
projects.
With AW1 under construction and AW2 consented our 
Uskmouth pipeline is taking clear shape. When fully built 
out, the USEP site has the land, grid capacity and logistical 
infrastructure to support up to 3.5GWh of battery storage 
projects — one of the largest concentrations of battery 
storage at a single location anywhere in the UK.
Mey BESS — Scotland Consent 
Secured
In January 2026, we received notification that Scottish 
Ministers had granted full Section 36 consent for 
our Mey BESS project in Caithness, Scotland. This 
300MW/1,200MWh battery storage facility, co-
located with our world-leading MeyGen tidal project, 
is strategically positioned to support the enormous 
expansion in wind energy across northern Scotland. It is 
also complementary to MeyGen, sharing site knowledge, 
operational expertise, and grid infrastructure at a location 
we know exceptionally well.
With Mey BESS and AW2 both now consented, our total 
consented battery storage portfolio stands at 2.9GWh — 
a tenfold increase from the 240MWh AW1 alone. This is 
a material step change in the scale and ambition of our 
business.
MeyGen — World-Leading Tidal 
Construction is progressing well, with civil works 
completed and electrical works due for completion during 
2026. The contracted grid connection date is October 
2026, and we anticipate first commercial operations in Q1 
2027. The AW1 project is forecast to generate average 
revenues of approximately £13 million per annum and 
average EBITDA of approximately £9 million per annum 
in its first five full years of operation. It is the cornerstone 
project of a much larger energy park at Uskmouth and, 
once operational, will fundamentally change the financial 
profile of Ampeak Energy.
AW2 — Growing the Pipeline
In October 2025, Newport City Council granted planning 
permission for AW2, our 250MW/1,250MWh battery 
storage project developed in joint venture with Econergy 
International. This is five times the storage capacity of AW1 
and is designed for up to five hours duration, reflecting 
advancing battery technology and evolving market 
requirements. The inclusion of the removal of 140,000 
tonnes of historic pulverised stored ash — for use in 
sustainable building products — represents an additional 
environmental benefit from the project and is a further 
example of how we are generating value in a number of 
ways at the Uskmouth site.
“The MeyGen site has now generated over 87GWh of tidal energy 
and continues to account for over 80% of the UK’s total tidal stream 
output.”
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
15
Operations
Our MeyGen tidal array continued to generate impressive 
results in 2025. With the fourth turbine having been 
successfully deployed in November 2024 and operating at 
full capacity, generation in the first half of 2025 increased 
to 7.9GWh — up 55% on the equivalent period in 2024. 
Tidal generation revenues improved to £3.2 million in H1 
2025 (H1 2024: £1.9 million), demonstrating the tangible 
financial benefit of having all four turbines operating 
together.
The offshore maintenance programme completed in 
December 2025 was another demonstration of strong 
operational capability. In just three days, the team — 
working with our partners at Proteus Marine Renewables 
— completed five turbine interventions without leaving 
site, servicing and returning two turbines to operation 
and returning a third to Nigg for servicing. TTG3 has now 
operated for seven consecutive years maintenance-free 
— an outstanding record for any subsea equipment, and a 
clear testament to the technology’s maturity and reliability.
The MeyGen site has now generated over 87GWh of tidal 
energy and continues to account for over 80% of the 
UK’s total tidal stream output. With 59MW of CfD revenue 
support secured and longer-term ambitions to expand 
the site towards 65MW and ultimately c.400MW, MeyGen 
remains the world’s leading proof point for tidal stream 
energy at scale.
AMPEAK ENERGY | STRATEGIC REPORT
16
CEO  
statement
Outlook
We enter 2026 in the strongest position in our Company’s 
history. AW1 is under construction. AW2 is consented 
and development is progressing. The Mey BESS 
project has full consent and is progressing. Our supply 
chain partnerships are in place, with Canadian Solar 
SES committed to supplying batteries for our future 
pipeline. Our optimisation partnership with EDF provides 
commercial certainty for AW1 operations. And our name — 
Ampeak Energy — signals clearly who we are and what w

---

osition of the Company as at 31 
December 2025, the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and 
consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group and the 
statement of changes in equity of the Company for the year 
then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including 
material accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements of the Group and the statement of financial position 
and statement of changes in equity of the Company are 
properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act 1967 (the “Act”), Singapore Financial Reporting 
Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”), and International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) so as to give a true and 
fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and 
the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2025 
and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated 
changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group 
and of the changes in equity of the Company for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore 
Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in 
accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory 
Authority (“ACRA”) Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics 
for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (“ACRA Code”), 
as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest 
entities, together with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the financial statements of public interest entities 
in Singapore. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We 
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements 
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Independent Auditor’s Report 
T o The Members Of Ampeak Energy Limited (F.K.A Simec Atlantis Energy Limited)
AMPEAK ENERGY | CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
39
Key Audit Matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters 
Assessment of the going concern basis in the preparation of the financial statement
We refer to Note 4(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Group 
incurred net loss for the year amounting to £13,938,000 and net 
cash inflows of £2,110,000. The loss for the year comprised a one-off 
gain on the sale of the land of £9,000,000, without this, the Group 
will be in a net cash outflow position. In addition, the Group is in a net 
current liabilities position of £12,000,000 as at 31 December 2025.
Management is of the view that the Group will be able to meet 
their obligations over the next 12 months from the date of the 
financial statements after taking into consideration the following key 
measures and assumptions:
i.  The sell down of a minority equity interest in the 120MW AW1 
Battery Energy Storage System for a consideration in excess of 
£7,000,000.
ii.  Hold back repayment or clawback of the grant of £4,000,000 
because management believes that they have sufficient grounds 
to dispute any clawback of this grant. Further, there are no parent 
company guarantees attached to the grant and the subsidiary 
companies that received the grants are inactive and insolvent.
The above are the main factors which we have identified in 
determining the appropriateness of the use of going concern 
assumption in preparing the financial statements.
Our response 
In obtaining sufficient audit evidence, the following procedures 
were carried out: 
  Obtained and evaluated management’s assessment of the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern by obtaining an 
understanding of the Group’s business plans and financing 
requirements 
  Obtained and evaluated the cash flows forecasts prepared by 
management for the following 12 months from the date of the 
financial statements and assessed the reasonableness of the 
key assumptions used with reference to the Group’s business 
plans and historical performance;
  Challenged the appropriateness of the key assumptions used by 
management in the cash flow projection, including the timing of 
cash required for operations, the Group’s forecasts of revenue, 
development and operating costs;
  Reviewed the draft sales and purchase agreement of the equity 
interest and verified to the consideration;
  Performed stress test of the cash flows projections and 
analysed mitigating factors;
  Evaluated the adequacy and appropriateness of the disclosures 
made in the financial statements.
We found the underlying key assumptions and judgements used by 
management to determine the appropriateness of using the going 
concern assumption in preparing the financial statements to be 
reasonable.
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) 
We refer to Note 4(i) under “Summary of Material Accounting 
Policies” and Note 5(a) under “Critical Accounting Judgements 
and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty” and Notes 13 to the 
consolidated financial statements.
There was an impairment loss on PPE of £3,357,000 which comprise 
£3,004,000 relating to tidal projects and £353,000 relating to 
MeyGen’s Battery Energy Storage System (“BESS”). Management 
reviews for any indicators of impairment and where such indicator 
exists, the carrying amount of the PPE is compared against their 
recoverable amount. Where an impairment loss had previously been 
made, and the recoverable amount exceeds the current carrying 
amount, a reversal is recognised up to the extent of the impairment 
loss

---

ancial statements and improve aggregation and 
disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. 
Minor amendments to IAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” and IAS 33 
“Earnings per Share” are also made. 
IFRS 18, and the consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting 
Standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
1 January 2027, with early application permitted.
4. Summary of Material Accounting 
Policy Information
(a) Going Concern
In adopting the going concern basis for preparing these 
financial statements, the Board has considered the Group’s 
business activities, together with factors likely to affect its future 
development, its performance and principal risks and uncertainties.
The Board of Directors is required to state whether it is appropriate 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the 
financial statements, and to identify any material uncertainties 
as to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern over 
a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the 
financial statements. The period of management’s going concern 
assessment is the period to 30 June 2027.
The Board of Directors has undertaken the assessment of the going 
concern assumptions using financial forecasts for the period to 
30 June 2027. Management’s forecasts through to 30 June 2027 
anticipate revenues from trading will meet all the working capital 
requirements of the Group.
Details of the Group’s loans and borrowings at year end can be 
found in Note 29 of the financial statements. As at 31 December 
2025, there was £33.7 million (2024: £Nil million) of undrawn loan 
facilities for funding BESS construction works.
Going concern assessment
With the financial close of the 120MW AW1 BESS achieved in 
August 2025, Ampeak is delivering on its vision of creating a 
Sustainable Energy Park at its Uskmouth site. The construction 
of the BESS project is on time with the commercial operations 
forecast to commence in Q1 2027. With average annual project 
revenues of £13.0 million and EBITDA of £9.0 million the income 
from this project will be a material contributor to Ampeak’s revenues 
in future. 
Management has prepared a forecast through to 30 June 2027 
based on contractually committed revenues and costs, an estimate 
of additional costs required and the income and costs arising from 
development projects that are expected to be delivered within the 
forecast period. The forecast has been subject to stress testing.
The Board has identified significant factors that are of a material 
amount, and the Board has identified sufficient evidence of success 
including achievable new sources of revenue, that support the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The key source of 
revenue identified by the Board was from the Group’s proposed 
sale of a minority equity stake in its 120MW AW1 project for a 
consideration in excess of £7.0 million.
The Directors’ assessment of the appropriate use of the going 
concern basis recognises that the European Union, the grantor, has 
instructed lawyers to pursue recovery of historical grant funding 
of £4.1 million. The Board is of the view that there is an opportunity 
to negotiate a settlement with the grantor which would materially 
reduce the amount of the liability. Further, the Board notes that 
there is no parent company guarantees attached to the grant and 
the companies that received the grants are balance sheet insolvent.
The Directors’ assessment also includes consideration of MeyGen 
plc. Ampeak provides a parent company guarantee to Scottish 
Enterprise for the tranche B loan in an amount of £3.8 million. 
The Company’s lending deferral agreement with Scottish Enterprise 
expired on 31 March 2025 and has not been replaced at the date 
of signing these accounts. The Directors continue to engage 
constructively with the MeyGen senior lenders with a view to 
agreeing a new lending deferral agreement. Scottish Enterprise and 
Ampeak remain aligned in their objective to progress future phases 
of the MeyGen project, including the development of the next 
59MW commercial scale tidal array for which a long term offtake 
contract has already been secured. The Directors do not therefore 
consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company 
under the guarantee.
Mitigating actions
If cashflows are limited due to a requirement to repay historical 
grant funding coupled with then a failure to agree an appropriate 
repayment plan with the creditor, controllable mitigating actions 
would be available such as:
  delaying and/or suspending development expenditure on projects
  utilising surplus working capital,
  reducing the Group’s cost base,
  as a listed company, Ampeak would explore opportunities for 
raising new equity funds, and
  a further sell down of Ampeak’s equity interest in its AW1 BESS 
project.
Going concern conclusion
Accordingly, the Board of Directors concluded that it is appropriate 
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the 
consolidated financial statements and the parent company financial 
statements. The Board of Directors have a reasonable expectation 
that the Company and the Group will each continue to operate as 
a going concern for at least 12 months from the date of approval of 
the financial statements.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50
(b) Basis of Preparation
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”) and 
IFRS. SFRS(I)s are issued by Accounting Standards Council Singapore, 
which comprise standards and interpretations that are equivalent to 
IFRS issued by International Accounting Standards Board.
All references to SFRS(I)s and IFRSs are subsequently referred to as 
IFRS in these financial statements unless otherwise specified.
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost 
basis, except as otherwise disclosed in the accounting policies below. 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to 
all periods pre

---

equity interest in the acquiree, less the net 
recognised amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
51
When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised 
immediately in profit or loss.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least 
annually. For impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of 
the Group’s cash-generating units expected to benefit from the 
synergies of the combination. Cash generating units to which 
goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or 
more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be 
impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit 
is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated 
first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to 
the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata based on 
the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss 
recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.
On disposal of a subsidiary or the relevant cash generating unit, the 
attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of 
the profit or loss on disposal.
(e) Interests in joint arrangements
The results, assets and liabilities of joint ventures are incorporated 
in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method 
of accounting as described below.
Under the equity method, investments in joint ventures are initially 
recognised at cost and subsequently adjusted for the Group’s share 
of the post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive 
income of the investee. Distributions received from joint ventures 
reduce the carrying amount of the investment.
During the year, the Group entered into a joint venture arrangement 
with Econergy International Limited, in respect of AW2 Energy Storage 
Limited. The investment has been classified as a joint venture as the 
Group and its partner have joint control over the relevant activities. The 
investment is accounted for using the equity method.
(f) Financial Instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised on the 
Group’s statement of financial position when the Group becomes a 
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Financial Assets
All financial assets are recognised and derecognised on the trade 
date where the purchase or sale of an investment is under a contract 
whose terms require delivery of the investment within the timeframe 
established by the market concerned, and are initially measured at fair 
value plus transaction costs except for those financial assets classified 
as fair value through profit and loss, which are initially measured at fair 
value. Financial assets comprise loans and receivables.
Loans and receivables
Trade and other receivables that have fixed or determinable 
payments and that are not quoted in an active market are classified 
as loans and receivables. Loans and receivables are measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method less any allowance 
for expected credit losses. Interest is recognised by applying the 
effective interest method, except for short-term receivables where 
the recognition of interest would be immaterial. Trade receivables 
that do not contain a significant financing component or for which 
the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the 
transaction price. 
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends 
on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics and the 
Group’s business model for managing them. For a financial asset to 
be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that 
are ‘solely payments of principal and interest’ (“SPPI”) on the principal 
amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test 
and is performed at an instrument level. Financial assets with cash 
flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers 
to how it manages its financial assets to generate cash flows. The 
business model determines whether cash flows will result from 
collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. 
Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held 
within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets to 
collect contractual cash flows while financial assets classified and 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held 
within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect 
contractual cash flows and selling.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank, short-term bank 
deposits with an original maturity of 3 months or less and cash on hand.
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows, pledged 
deposits are excluded.
Impairment of financial assets
IFRS 9 requires the Group to recognise an allowance for expected 
credit loss (“ECLs”) for financial assets measured at amortised cost.
ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash 
flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows 
that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation 
of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will 
include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit 
enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for 
which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result 
from default events that are possible within the next 12-months 
(a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, 
a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the 
remaining life of

---

s of 
ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group 
recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability 
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
52
for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, 
the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and recognises 
a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.
Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments
Classification as debt or equity
Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by the Group 
are classified according to the substance of the contractual 
arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability 
and an equity instrument.
Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest 
in the assets of the Group after deducting all its liabilities. Equity 
instruments are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct 
issue costs.
Other financial liabilities
Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value, net of 
transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised 
cost using the effective interest rate method, with interest expense 
recognised on an effective yield basis.
The Group uses interest rate swaps to hedge exposure to changes 
in cash flows arising from variable interest rate borrowings. 
Derivatives are recognised initially and subsequently at fair value.
Interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges in 
accordance with IFRS 9. The effective portion of changes in fair value 
is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in 
equity within the cash flow hedge reserve. The ineffective portion is 
recognised immediately in the income statement within finance costs.
Amounts recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve are reclassified to 
profit or loss in the periods in which the hedged cash flows affect profit 
or loss. Where the fair value of a derivative is negative, it is recognised 
as a derivative liability. Derivatives are derecognised when the 
contractual rights and obligations expire, are settled, or are terminated.
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of directly 
attributable transaction costs, and are subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest 
expense, transaction costs, premiums, discounts and other finance 
costs are recognised in profit or loss over the expected term of the 
borrowing using the effective interest method in accordance with 
the Group’s accounting policy for finance costs (see Note 4 (o)). 
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end 
of the reporting period, the Group has a substantive right to defer 
settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting 
period, in which case they are classified as non-current liabilities. 
Classification is based on the rights in existence at the reporting 
date and is not affected by refinancing or other arrangements 
completed after the reporting period.
Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their 
fair values and, if not designated as fair value through profit and 
loss, subsequently at the higher of the amount of the loss allowance 
determined in accordance with section 5.5 of IFRS 9, and the amount 
initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of 
income recognised in accordance with IFRS 15.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, 
the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire.
(g) Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
The cost of self-constructed assets includes:
 the cost of materials and direct labour;
  any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a 
working condition for their intended use;
  when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore 
the site, an estimate of the discounted costs of dismantling and 
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are 
located; and
 capitalised borrowing costs.
The battery energy storage and tidal assets recorded within 
property, plant and equipment are stated at their revalued amounts, 
being the fair value determined from a value-in-use calculation as at 
the reporting date, less any subsequent accumulated depreciation 
and accumulated impairment losses. 
A decrease in the carrying amount arising on the revaluation 
is recognised in profit or loss to the extent that it exceeds the 
balance, if any, held in the revaluation reserve relating to a previous 
revaluation of that asset.
Any revaluation increase is recognised in other comprehensive 
income and accumulated in equity except to the extent that it 
reverses a revaluation decrease for the same asset previously 
recognised in the profit or loss, in which case the increase 
is credited to the profit or loss to the extent of the decrease 
previously recognised.
The Group applies a capitalisation threshold of £5,000. Expenditure 
on individual items below this threshold is expensed to the income 
statement as incurred, as such items are not considered material to 
the financial statements.
Depreciation of the assets commences when the assets are ready 
for their intended use. Depreciation is charged to the statement 
of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the estimated 
useful life of the asset on the following basis:
Property, plant and equipment 4% - 7%
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 25% - 33%
Computer equipment and software 25% - 33%
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed 
at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.
Freehold land is stated at cost less any subsequent accumulated 
impairment losses.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
53
(h) Investment Properties
Investment properties are properties which are held either to earn 
rental income or for capital appr

---

purpose of battery energy 
storage systems at the Uskmouth site. Revenue is recognised when 
performance obligations are fulfilled per the contract. 
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
54
Lease income arises from operating leases recognised by the lessor 
on a straight-line basis from the commencement date over the lease 
term. Refer to Note 4 (p).
(n) Income Tax
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently 
payable and deferred tax. 
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. 
Taxable profit differs from profit as reported in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable 
or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are 
not taxable or tax deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is 
calculated using tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted 
or substantively enacted in countries where the Company and its 
subsidiaries operate by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the 
corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit 
and are accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. 
Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable 
temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the 
extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against 
which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets 
and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises 
from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business 
combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that 
affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised on taxable temporary 
differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, except where 
the Group can control the reversal of the temporary difference and 
it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the 
foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible 
temporary differences associated with such investments and 
interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that 
there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the 
benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to 
reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end 
of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no 
longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to 
allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to 
apply in the period when the liability is settled, or the asset realised 
based on the tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted 
or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The 
measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax 
consequences that would follow from the way the Group expects, 
at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying 
amount of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax 
liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same 
taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax 
assets and liabilities on a net basis.
Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income 
in profit or loss, except when they relate to items credited or 
debited outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income 
or directly in equity), in which case the tax is also recognised 
outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, respectively), or where they arise from the initial 
accounting for a business combination. In the case of a business 
combination, the tax effect is considered in calculating goodwill 
or determining the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net fair 
value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent 
liabilities over cost.
(o) Finance Costs and Income
Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings. All 
borrowing costs are recognised in the profit or loss using the 
effective interest method, except to the extent that they are 
capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes a 
substantial period to be prepared for its intended use or sale.
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the 
principal outstanding and the effective interest rate applicable.
(p) Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or 
contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control 
the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration.
Group As A Lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach 
for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value 
assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease 
payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the 
underlying assets.
Right-of-use Assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement 
date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available 
for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for 
any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets 
includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs 
incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement 
date, less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is 
reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end 
of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated 
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and 
the lea

---

CCR”).
With all other assumptions remaining unchanged, the fair value of 
investment properties will decrease by 0.4% if the WACC increases 
by 0.1%.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
56
The valuations are adjusted for the Group’s future expected equity 
ownership of each project.
Recoverability of property, plant and equipment and 
investment in subsidiaries
The Group tests its property, plant and equipment annually for 
impairment, or more frequently if there are indicators that it might 
be impaired. The Company also tests its investment in subsidiaries 
for impairment where indicators of impairment exist. The 
recoverable amounts for the Group’s property, plant and equipment 
and the Company’s investment in subsidiaries are supported 
by the estimated value-in-use of these assets. The value-in-use 
is calculated using a net present value cash flow model which 
compares the costs of completing each of the respective projects, 
including financing costs, with expected revenues, net of operating 
and maintenance expenditure, over its operating life. The Group’s 
property, plant and equipment assets comprise the 120MW AW1 
BESS project under construction, the MeyGen tidal array and a 
207MW BESS.
AW1 Energy Storage Limited has recognised a project under 
construction asset capitalising costs incurred in the year during the 
construction phase of the 120MW AW1 BESS project. 
With all other assumptions remaining unchanged, the recoverable 
amount of 120MW BESS will decrease by 2% if the WACC 
increases by 0.1%.
The key assumptions used to determine MeyGen’s value-in-use 
are the forecast operating cashflows from the Phase 1 array. The 
Company WACC for tidal projects of 10.53% is used to discount 
project cashflows. 
The recoverable amounts for the MeyGen tidal project were 
determined to be lower than the carrying value of its property, plant 
and equipment and as a result an impairment loss of £3.0 million 
was recognised in 2025. (Note 13). 
The key assumptions used to determine the 207MW Battery Energy 
Storage System, (“207MW BESS”), project’s value-in-use are the 
up-front development costs, expected capital costs to further develop 
the project, the financing structure and cost, forecast operating and 
maintenance costs, revenue per MWh and the WACC to calculate 
present values. The Company WACC of 10.18% is used to discount 
project cashflows and a risk discount is applied to the resultant NPV 
of the project to reflect its stage of development.  Operating and 
maintenance costs are based upon market tested assumptions. 
With all other assumptions remaining unchanged, the recoverable 
amount of the 207MW BESS will decrease by 5.1% if the WACC 
increases by 0.1%.
In testing the investment in subsidiaries for impairment, using the 
methodology outlined above, the value of the investments was 
determined to exceed their carrying value and as a result a net 
decrease of £0.2 million to the investment value was recognised in 
the year (Note 16).
Provision for decommissioning costs
Provision for decommissioning costs is recognised as an amount 
equal to the Directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the Group’s obligation. Provisions are determined by 
discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax discount 
rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of 
money and risk specific to the liability as set out in the summary 
of material accounting policies Note 4(k). The unwinding of the 
discount is recognised as a finance cost.
The Uskmouth Power Station decommissioning provision was 
previously recognised as the present value of the estimated 
costs required to restore the site in connection with the proposed 
waste-to-energy conversion project. Following the abandonment 
of that project, management has reassessed the basis for the 
provision. As at 31 December 2025, management has concluded 
that there is no present obligation requiring recognition of a 
decommissioning provision, as the previously anticipated restoration 
activities were specific to the discontinued project and do not 
represent a current legal or constructive obligation of the Group. 
Accordingly, the provision has been released in the year.
The MeyGen decommissioning provision is calculated with a present 
value of the costs to restore the site calculated based on inflation and 
gilt rates, with a timeline ending in 2043. The costs were updated per 
operations guidance and best estimates as at 31 December 2025.
Income tax
In determining the income tax liabilities, management is required 
to estimate the amount of capital allowances and deductibility of 
certain expenses (“uncertain tax positions”) at each tax jurisdiction.
There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate 
tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of 
business. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues 
based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where 
the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts 
that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income 
tax and deferred income tax provision in the year which such 
determination is made.
The Group has open tax assessments with a tax authority as at 
the reporting date. As management believes that the tax positions 
are sustainable, the Group has not recognised any additional tax 
liability on these uncertain tax provisions. The amount of income tax 
expense and the carrying amount of current income tax liabilities at 
the reporting date are disclosed in Note 11 of financial statements.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
57
6. Revenue
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Power sales 5,359 4,253
Battery storage income 9,000 9,984
Lease income 685 137
15,044 14,374
Power sales are the income received from electricity generation at the MeyGen Phase 1 array and includes the associated revenue 
from renewable obligation certificates (“ROCs”). Battery storage income arises from the sale of the land, to Electric Land, on which 
a 120MW BESS project is b

---

ncome approach calculation as disclosed in 
Note 14.
8. Other Income
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Interest income 168 208
Other income 108 450
276 658
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
58
9. Employee Benefits Expense
The average number of employees (including Executive Directors) was:
GROUP
2025 2024
Average number of employees (including Executive Directors) 14 12
Their aggregate remuneration comprised:
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Wages, salaries and other short-term benefits 3,424 2,433
Social security costs 448 216
Share-based payments (Note 25) 222 168
Contributions to defined contribution plan 89 120
Other related costs 20 40
4,203 2,977
10. Finance Costs
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Interest expense arising from:
- Long term loans  1,563 1,493
- Secured long and short-term loans  2,260 2,401
- Long term debentures  1,372 1,318
- Lease liabilities  128 133
Unwinding of discount on decommissioning provision  558 504
Other finance costs  131 146
6,012 5,995
11. T ax Credit / (Expenses)
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Decrease/(Increase) in deferred tax liabilities (Note 30) 5,193 (12,488)
5,193 (12,488)
As a result of the Company’s management and control in the United Kingdom, the Company is tax resident in the United Kingdom, and all 
filing requirements are met in both the United Kingdom and in the parent company’s place of incorporation, Singapore.
In the United Kingdom, the applicable rate of tax is computed at 25% (2024: 25%). 
Singapore domestic income tax is calculated at 17% (2024: 17%) of the estimated assessable loss for the year. Taxation for other 
jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
59
The Group provided a deferred tax liability on the valuation of its battery portfolio in accordance with IAS 12.
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Loss before tax (19,131) (12,633)
Tax at the domestic rates of 25% (2024: 25%) applicable to losses in the country concerned (4,783) (3,158)
Non-allowable items at rates concerned (1,241) 4,832
Non-taxable income at rates concerned 3,190 (3,405)
Permanent Differences 2,443 2,476
Timing Differences 426 -
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (250) -
Previously unrecognised tax losses utilised - (858)
Tax effect of deferred tax asset not recognised 1,075 113
Tax effect of asset valuation on deferred tax (6,053) 17,017
Release deferred tax liability - (366)
Previously unrecognised tax losses now recouped to reduce current tax expense - (4,163)
(5,193) 12,488
At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unutilised tax losses of £49.1 million (2024: £42.2 million) available for offset against future 
profits. The amount of the Company’s unutilised tax losses available for offset against future profits is £27.4 million (2024: £27.4 million). 
Included in the Group and Company losses are £27.4 million (2024: £27.4 million) of losses relating to Singapore corporation tax, which will 
only be utilised against taxable income realised in Singapore.
12. Loss for the Y ear
The following items have been included in arriving at the loss (2024: loss) for the year:
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Fair value adjustment to investment property (12,759) 13,620
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (1,262) (2,068)
Impairment loss on intangible assets - (1,465)
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment (3,004) (14,695)
Auditor’s remuneration:
- Audit and audit related fees(a) (295) (233)
Share-based payments (222) (168)
(a)  Includes audit and audit related fees receivable by the auditor of parent company’s consolidated financial statements in the year of 
£0.09 million (2024: £0.08 million)
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
60
13. Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant 
and equipment(1)
£’000
Projects under 
construction 
£’000
Other PPE
£’000
Tot a l
£’000
Group
Cost
At 1 January 2024 59,296 -  127 59,423
Additions (253) - - (253)
Disposal - - (71) (71)
At 31 December 2024 59,043 -  56 59,099
Transfer from investment property -  13,883  - 13,883
Additions -  26,152 - 26,152
Decommissioning movement (23) - - (23)
Disposal - - (17) (17)
At 31 December 2025 59,020 40,035 39 99,094
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2024 - -  103 103
Depreciation for the year 1,889 -  1 1,890
Disposal - -  (71) (71)
Recognised to revaluation reserve (Note 26) 7,559 - - 7,559
Impairment loss (Note 12) 14,695 -  - 14,695
At 31 December 2024 24,143 - 33 24,176
Depreciation for the year 1,069 - 3 1,072
Disposal - - (17) (17)
Recognised to revaluation reserve (Note 26) 353 - - 353
Impairment loss (Note 12) 3,004 - - 3,004
At 31 December 2025 28,569 - 19 28,588
Net book value
At 31 December 2024 34,900 - 23 34,923
At 31 December 2025 30,451 40,035 20 70,506
(a) Plant, property and equipment
As disclosed in Note 5, a value-in-use calculation is undertaken each year to determine the need for impairment of the PPE assets, all held 
by MeyGen. 
The AW1 project reached financial close on 5 August 2025, from which date directly attributable costs have been capitalised within Projects 
under construction and subject to year-end revaluation. Prior to financial close, project assets were classified as investment property and 
measured at fair value, before being revalued and transferred to property, plant and equipment. The carrying value at 31 December 2025 
reflects the aggregate of capitalised costs and the revalued transfer based on year-end valuations.
Other PPE refers to furniture, fixtures and fittings; computer equipment, and freehold land.
(b) Security
At 31 December 2025, assets of subsidiaries with carrying amounts of £70.5 million (2024: £34.9 million) were pledged as security on long 
term loans (Note 29).
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
61
14. Investment Property
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Group
At 1 January 49,129 49,532
Net (loss)/gain from fair value adjustment (12,759) 13,620
Transfer to PPE (13,883) -
Acquisition of a subsidiary

---

retion of interest 757 133
Payments (1,000) (284)
Adjustments 42 99
At 31 December 14,391 1,722
Current 900 175
Non-current 13,491 1,547
14,391 1,722
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
62
During the year £0.6 million (2024: £Nil million) of interest costs were capitalised within Project Under Construction. The maturity analysis 
of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 35(b).
The following are the amounts recognised in the profit or loss:
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets 191 178
Interest expense on lease liabilities 128 133
Expense relating to 
- Lease of low value assets (included in other operating expenses) 15 4
- Variable lease payments (included in other operating expenses) - 2
At 31 December 334 317
The Group had total cash outflows for leases of £1.0 million (2024: £0.3 million). The Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets 
and lease liabilities of £12.9 million (2024: £Nil million).
The Group has leases which contain variable lease payment terms that are linked to power generation. Variable lease payments had the 
following effect:
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Fixed rent 13 12
Variable payment 40 16
53 28
Overall, the variable payments constitute 4% (2024: 6%) of the Group’s entire lease payments. The variable lease payments depend on 
generation, and whilst the Group expects the ratio to remain constant in future years, a 5% increase in variable payments would result in a 
£0.2 million increase to lease payments.
16. Investments in Subsidiaries
COMPANY
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
Unquoted equity shares, at cost 63,985 63,763
Less: Impairment loss (63,985) (63,763)
 - -
The movement in provision for impairment loss was as follows
COMPANY
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
As at 1 January 63,763 38,435
Impairment loss made for the year 222 25,328
 63,985 63,763
The Company holds interests in several subsidiaries which are primarily involved in tidal energy generation and battery energy storage 
development, as well as intermediate holding companies.
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
63
The principal subsidiaries of the Group at 31 December 2025 are set out below:
Name of Subsidiaries Principal activities
Country of 
incorporation/ 
Registration and 
operation
Effective equity interest held by 
the respective Parent Company
2025
%
2024
%
Atlantis Turbines Pte. Limited(3) Investment holding Singapore 100 100
Atlantis Projects Pte. Ltd.(3) Investment holding Singapore 100 100
Tidal Power Scotland Limited(4) Investment holding United Kingdom 92 92
MeyGen Holdings Limited(4) Investment holding United Kingdom 83 83
MeyGen PLC(2)(4) Development of tidal power 
generation project
United Kingdom 100 100
Mey Energy Storage Limited(1) Battery Energy Storage 
Special Purpose Vehicle
United Kingdom 100 100
AW1 Storage Holdings Limited(4) Investment holding United Kingdom 75 -
AW1 Energy Storage Limited(4) Battery Energy Storage 
Special Purpose Vehicle
United Kingdom 100 100
(1) Not required to be audited as the subsidiaries are dormant.
(2) As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, shares in MeyGen PLC were pledged as security on long term loans (see Note 29).
(3) Audited by Nexia Singapore PAC, Singapore.
(4) Audited by Kreston Reeves LLP, United Kingdom.
(a) Non-Controlling Interest in Subsidiaries
Tidal Power Scotland Limited (“TPSL”)
As at 31 December 2025, Scottish Power Renewables (“SPR”) has an equity investment of 6% of the shareholding in TPSL.
The Group retains a 92% (2024: 92%) shareholding of TPSL.
MeyGen Holdings Limited (“MGHL”)
The following table summarises the information relating to the material non-controlling interest (“NCI”) in MGHL, based on its financial statements 
prepared in accordance with IFRS, modified for fair value adjustments on acquisition and differences in the Group’s accounting policies.
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
NCI percentage 23.23% 23.23%
Non-current assets  16,344 20,425
Current assets  4,651 3,391
Non-current liabilities (25,321) (47,331)
Current liabilities (33,774) (6,150)
Net liabilities (38,100) (29,665)
Net liabilities attributable to NCI (8,851) (6,890)
Cash flows from operating activities 710 525
Cash flows used in investing activities 81 44
Cash flows used in financing activities (106) (766)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 685 197
Loss for the year (8,417) (21,512)
Other comprehensive loss - -
Total comprehensive loss (8,417) (21,512)
Attributable to NCI:
Loss for the year (1,955) (4,996)
Other comprehensive loss - -
Total comprehensive loss (1,955) (4,996)
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
AMPEAK ENERGY | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
64
Mey Energy Storage Limited (“MESL”)
The following table summarises the information relating to the material non-controlling interest (“NCI”) in Mey Energy Storage Limited, 
based on its financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. MESL holds the contractual rights to develop a battery energy storage 
system project. The Group’s grid connection asset is accounted for under IAS 16 and revaluations are recorded within OCI. 
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
NCI percentage 16.55% 16.55%
Non-current assets 15,241 15,595
Non-current liabilities (3,810) (3,899)
Net assets 11,431 11,696
Net assets attributable to NCI 1,892 1,936
Other comprehensive loss (265) (5,669)
Attributable to NCI:
Other comprehensive loss (44) (939)
Total NCI - (MGHL and MESL)   
Attributable to NCI:   
Loss for the year (1,955) (4,996)
Other comprehensive gain/(loss) (44) (939)
Total Comprehensive Income (1,999) (5,935)
Total net liabilities (6,959) (4,954)
AW1 Storage Holdings Limited (“AW1SHL”)
During the year, the Group entered into a transaction with a minority investor, BESS Investment UK Limited, in respect of AW1 Storage 
Holdings Limited, resulting in the recognition of a 24.7% non-controlling interest at financial close of the AW1 project on 5 August 2025. 
Control was retained and accordingly the transaction has been accounted for as an equity transaction under IFRS 10.
GROUP
2025
£’000
2024
£’000
NCI percentage 24.70% -
Non-current assets 59,950 -
Current assets 5,759 -