Disclaimer* Ampeak Energy Limited 19 January 2026 19 January 2026 AMPEAK ENERGY LIMITED ("Ampeak Energy" or the "Company") Mey BESS Consent Ampeak Energy is pleased to announce that it has today received notification from the Energy Consents Unit that Scottish Ministers have granted Section 36 consent ("Consent") for the Company's Mey BESS battery storage project in the North of Scotland (the "Mey BESS Project"). The Consent permits the development of a battery energy storage facility with an installed capacity of up to 300MW/1,200MWh, comprising containerised battery units and ancillary infrastructure. The Consent is subject to standard conditions and is accompanied by deemed planning permission under Section 57(2) of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1997. Ampeak Energy is working towards achieving financial close on the Mey BESS Project in 2027/2028, with an operational date targeted for end of 2029, in line with the current grid connection programme. The Company will leverage its expertise, learnings and relationships gained from financially closing and building the 240MWh AW1 project at Uskmouth into delivering the Mey BESS Project. The Mey BESS Project, along with Ampeak Energy's battery projects at Uskmouth, Wales, represents a portfolio of 2.93 GWh of consented battery storage projects. Graham Reid, Ampeak Energy CEO, commented: "This is another milestone for the business and a great way to start the year. Building on our experience and success at Uskmouth and demonstrating our ability to apply that to other projects is a testament to the team and puts us in a very good position as we continue to expand our portfolio." For further information, please contact: Ampeak Energy Sean Parsons +44 (0)7739832446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors Ampeak Energy is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. Ampeak Energy owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, which is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. www.ampeak.energy Ampeak Energy's strategy: "Building a Sustainable Future to 2035", can be viewed here Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Rathbones Group 22 hours ago Georgia Capital 22 hours ago Hays 22 hours ago BP 22 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and