SAE achieves another BESS milestone SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 28 March 2024 28 March 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE achieves another Battery Energy Storage System ("BESS") milestone SAE is pleased to announce that it has received the first £5m milestone payment under its agreement with EL (Uskmouth) Limited ("EL"), a subsidiary of FPC Electric Land. On 5 December 2023, SAE announced that it had agreed to sell the freehold land owned by SAE to EL, for a milestone-linked total gross cash consideration of £9.8m (the "EL Agreement"). The freehold land sold to EL is limited to the land used by Quinbrook Infrastructure Partners, for their 230 MW BESS ("Quinbrook BESS") at SAE's Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. With the achievement of this first milestone and the payment of £5m to SAE, EL has now taken ownership of this land. The completion milestone required substantial mobilisation of the main construction phase of the Quinbrook BESS with the importation of 30,000 tonnes of aggregate via rail from a local quarry to begin laying the foundation for the project and raising the levels on site. This was made possible by the hard work of the SAE team, and all our partners, who are proud to be bringing new business back onto this critical energy transition infrastructure site. In particular, this phase included the first rail carriages coming to the site in nearly 10 years. The remaining balance of £4.8m payable under the EL Agreement will be payable against three further milestones expected to be achieved over the next 12 months. The freehold land utilised by the Quinbrook BESS represents only a small proportion of the land owned by SAE at the Uskmouth site available for BESS project development. This milestone payment is another demonstration of the value to the Company and its shareholders of the Uskmouth site for the development of BESS projects. SAE has identified and is actively developing a total of over 1GW of further BESS projects at the Uskmouth site, the development of which would transform the Uskmouth site and deliver to SAE and its shareholders substantial value, which could be realised through a combination of development premiums, income from land leases and future continued ownership. Graham Reid, CEO of SAE, commented: "This is another milestone hit and demonstrates how we secure value for our business and shareholders. We have the knowledge, skills and a fantastic site to deliver an exciting pipeline of projects that are expected to provide revenue for the business and increased value for our shareholders in the long term. This experience and knowledge can also provide a platform for future growth, and it's a truly exciting time at SAE." For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affair +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen. SAE is also the owner of the Uskmouth Power Station site that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park, initially housing one of the UK's largest battery energy storage projects. https://www.saerenewables.com/ This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and