SAE working with biggest names on MeyGen phase 2 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 05 November 2024 5 November 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") SAE working with biggest names in sector towards delivery of the next phase of the MeyGen project Further to the announcement by Proteus Marine Renewables (PMR) that it has signed an MoU with SKF Marine and GE Vernova's Power Conversion business (the "Alliance"), setting out a framework for the supply of tidal turbine generation systems (TTGS) to developers of tidal arrays for commercial, multi-megawatt tidal stream projects, SAE is pleased to announce that it is working with the Alliance, which comprises the biggest names in the tidal sector, towards bringing about the next phase of SAE's MeyGen project. MeyGen is the largest tidal stream facility in the world and the next phase will see the project increase its operational capacity from 6MW to 65MW. MeyGen continually accounts for over 70% of the global tidal stream total output. SAE is working with the Alliance towards delivery of the project utilising the world's most powerful tidal stream turbine. A major factor in SAE working with the Alliance is their combined commitment to invest and grow their team and invest in assembly and manufacturing in Scotland. The next phase will see the delivery of a turbine facility to manufacture the world leading 3MW turbine in Scotland, which would deliver hundreds of jobs and demonstrate that tidal is able to deliver real investment when it is backed. SAE will work with Proteus, GE Vernova and SKF Marine, alongside project partners, to ensure the delivery of this vital project. - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and