REPORT
ANNUAL 2024
SAE: We develop, build and operate sustainable 
energy projects, focussed on finding ways to 
deliver and unlock opportunities that others can’t.  
SAE: We develop, build, and operate sustainable energy 
projects, focusing on finding ways to deliver and unlock 
opportunities that others cannot.
We are SAE, a developer, owner and operator of 
sustainable energy projects.  Our business is aligned 
with the UK’s binding Net Zero targets and we work in 
harmony with Government objectives. 
Our Vision
To develop, own and operate 
sustainable energy projects for the 
benefit of our  shareholders and 
our planet.
Our Mission
To collaborate and innovate to 
reduce costs and successfully deliver 
our projects.
Our Values
Today – We are an innovative and 
dedicated team.
Tomorrow – Through collaboration 
and teamwork we will achieve our 
vision. 
Always – We always value the safety 
of each other, our communities and 
the environment.
Contents
STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
We are passionate about what we do and use that to drive forward our business. We are 
proud to deliver for our shareholders, stakeholders and communities. Our long-term success 
is underpinned by the revenue generated from operating our  projects.
20 Directors’ report
21 The Board
24 Board Committees
28  Group Governance
29 Directors’ Remuneration report
1 2024 Highlights
3 SAE strategy 
5  Our model - reasons 
to invest 
7 Chairman statement 
11 CEO statement   
15 CFO statement 
39  Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income 
40  Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position
41  Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity
43 Consolidated Statement of Cashflows
44 Notes to the Financial Statements
IBC Company Information
1
5.0
7.02022
2023
6.02024
£6.0m
Operating costs
2023: £5.0m
HIGHLIGHTS 
Financial
23.2
-11.12022
2023
-25.12024
£25.1m*
Loss
2023: Profit £23.2m
15.3
3.92022
2023
14.42024
£14.4m 
Revenue
2023: £15.3m
44.2
5.72022
2023
22.22024
£22.2m
Net assets
2023: £44.2m
8.3
2022
2023
7.92024
-5.8
£7.9m
EBITDA
2023: £8.3m
13.7
19.72022
2023
13.72024
£13.7m
Group debt (excluding MeyGen debt)
2023: £13.7m
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy 
Park (USEP) 
 ▶ Acquired full ownership of the 
flagship AW1 240MWh Battery 
Storage Project, which is due 
to achieve financial close in Q3 
2025. 
 ▶ Planning permission received 
for the AW1 240MWh Battery 
Storage Project
 ▶ Submitted planning 
application to Newport City 
Council for the 1250MWh AW2 
Battery Storage project.
Mey BESS project 
 ▶ Submitted planning 
application to the Energy 
Consents Unit at the Scottish 
Government for the 1,200 MWh 
Battery Storage project. 
MeyGen 
 ▶ MeyGen hit full power with 
offshore generation peaking 
at just over 6MW. The array 
has generated over 79GWh of 
predictable tidal energy.  
 ▶ 2024 saw the site break record 
after record, generating over 
90% of tidal stream energy 
around the world, firmly 
establishing the MeyGen array 
as the world’s most significant 
tidal stream development.
11.9
8.72022
2023
11.32024
11.3GWh
GWh generated
2023: 11.9GWh
2024 saw the business build on the success of 
2023, and drive forward its strategic projects. All 
the work in 2024 has meant that the business is on 
track to reach financial close of its AW1 flagship 
battery storage project in Q3 2025. In addition, 
a huge amount of work was done to allow the 
planning application to be submitted for our next 
battery storage project, the Mey BESS, 1,200MWh 
Battery Storage Project, a major milestone for the 
site and the business. It was also a milestone year 
for the business as it celebrated a decade on AIM, 
a testament to SAE’s exceptional team, projects, 
and shareholders.
*Includes net downwards valuation adjustment of £12.4m.
2
3
SAE has gained significant experience of battery 
storage projects at its Uskmouth site. It also knows 
the Caithness area exceptionally well, having been 
involved there for nearly 20 years. With the large 
number of new wind projects in North Scotland, 
there is demand for battery storage to help manage 
the grid. SAE’s strategy is to use its experience to 
meet the demand.
STRATEGY
SAE
SAE launched a clear strategy for success in 
2024. This strategy is formulated to unlock 
significant value in the business and deliver 
returns for our shareholders. Each year, the 
company continues to make great progress 
towards achieving its goals.
It’s a path to deliver a pipeline of projects 
that will achieve its goal of being a leading 
sustainable project developer, owner and 
operator, ensuring long-term value for 
shareholders.
SAE’s strategy directly supports the UK 
government’s policy to improve energy security 
and achieve Net Zero by 2050.
Building a sustainable future to 2035
SAE’s strategy is to remain focused on maximising 
all the potential at the Uskmouth and Mey sites. In 
delivering this target, SAE will become a leading 
Independent Power Producer (IPP) in the UK 
and will benefit from the long-term sustainable 
revenue streams these assets will provide. 
SAE has the 
foundations, 
strategy and 
team to deliver.
To achieve its 
goals SAE’s 
strategy is 
focused on:
Develop, own and operate 
1,800MWh of 2-hour duration 
battery storage projects
Develop, own and operate a 
1,200MWh Battery Storage 
project at Mey in Caithness.
4
SAE has secured 59MW of revenue 
support from the Contracts for 
Difference (CfD) allocation rounds and 
is working closely and collaboratively 
alongside the Scottish Government to hit 
this milestone.
Financially close 80MW of 
tidal capacity at MeyGen
The Uskmouth site has been established as one 
of the leading battery storage sites in the UK. SAE 
is the site’s owner and operator and plans to use 
its unique position to maximise its potential.
Deliver 1,200MWh of battery storage 
projects at Uskmouth
SAE will continue to engage with the UK 
Government and use its broad support 
base to continue to make the case for tidal 
stream at scale. SAE will also continue to 
ensure that MeyGen is at the forefront of 
the technology’s deployment. SAE will 
continue to be the world’s largest tidal 
stream IPP and benefit from the long 
term sustainable and predictable revenue 
streams this asset will provide.
Develop, own and operate 
the remainder of the MeyGen 
tidal site up to 398MW
In designing our battery storage projects SAE has 
sought to secure development and land rights 
to enable all our battery storage projects to be 
easily augmented from 2-hour to 4-hour duration, 
doubling the energy capacity of our assets to 
3,600MWh. As intermittent renewable energy 
increases, and fossil fuel generation reduces we 
expect an increase in demand for longer duration 
storage systems. SAE will be well placed to rapidly 
serve this increased demand, through expansion 
of our battery storage assets.
Double our battery storage projects 
capacity from 1,800MWh to 
3,600MWh
To
2035
To
2030
5
model 
Our 
Reasons to invest
 ▶ Battery storage projects will 
deliver long-term revenue 
streams through both asset 
operation and land income, 
where SAE owns the land at 
Uskmouth.
 ▶ The new tidal projects will 
deliver long-term revenue 
streams supported by a 
predictable resource and 
Contract for Difference (CfD) 
revenue support.
 ▶ SAE aims to become an 
Independent Power Producer 
(IPP) for over 1,800MWh of 
storage capacity and 398MW 
of tidal generation capacity, 
thereby securing long-term 
predictable revenue streams 
for the business. 
 ▶ SAE will target to double the 
capacity of its battery storage 
projects to 3,600MWh 
between 2030 - 2035.
SAE has diversified 
revenue streams.
0301
The single location advantages 
are:
 ▶ Wholly owned site de-risks 
project development, as 
SAE has no reliance on 
agreements with third-party 
landowners. 
 ▶ Access to existing grid 
infrastructure lowers the cost 
and time to connect.
 ▶ Owner of a rail connection, 
meaning lower transport 
costs and a more sustainable 
means of importing materials 
and plant for construction.
 ▶ Brownfield industrial 
permitted generation site, 
favourable towards battery 
storage from a planning 
perspective.
 ▶ SAE retains the land, and has 
designed the projects for 
expansion in the future from 
2-hour duration to 4 hours.
 ▶ The operations and 
maintenance team at 
Uskmouth has extensive 
historical knowledge of the 
site, local supply chains and 
the community.
Unique opportunity 
to invest in one of 
the largest, single 
location battery storage 
portfolios in the UK, the 
Uskmouth Sustainable 
Energy Park (USEP).
02
 ▶ Developing a 1,200MWh 
Battery Storage project, 
which is currently in the 
planning process.
 ▶ SAE already has 287MW 
grid capacity secured 
with full import and 
export rights. The 
capacity will be shared 
between the battery 
storage project and the 
MeyGen tidal project. 
This grid connection was 
secured by SAE in 2009 
as part of the early stages 
of MeyGen’s project 
development.
 ▶ The SAE operations team 
in Scotland has extensive 
experience of developing, 
constructing, operating 
and maintaining projects 
in the area following 
the development and 
operation of the MeyGen 
tidal stream project. 
 ▶ The battery storage 
project is strategically 
located in a region of high 
renewable generation and 
can help the National Grid 
to bring these renewables 
onto the grid sooner.
SAE is already 
growing its portfolio 
and applying its 
experience to another 
battery storage site 
near its MeyGen tidal 
stream project in 
Caithness, Scotland.
6
SAE presents an exciting opportunity to invest in one of the leading 
battery storage and renewable energy developers in the UK. SAE has 
everything needed for rapid delivery of projects and a team with a 
track record of success.
 ▶ An executive and 
management team with 
a strong record of turning 
around the Group and 
growing this business.
 ▶ Invested and strategic 
Board focused on 
ambitious growth.
Experienced and 
invested team.
SAE is the world’s leader in tidal 
operations and development
 ▶ a 460MWh battery storage project, under 
construction, with expansion potential to 700MWh. 
 ▶ a 240MWh battery storage project, AW1, which is 
on track to reach financial close in Q3 2025.  
 ▶ a further 500MWh battery storage project, AW2, 
which is awaiting the granting of planning 
permission.
          When fully built out, the site has sufficient land 
and grid potential to host a total of 3,600MWh of 
storage projects, more than double the capacity 
currently  under construction and advanced stage 
of development.
 ▶ With the opportunity for significant 
expansion, SAE remains at the forefront of the 
deployment of this new technology.
 ▶ While the revenue will deliver in the long term, 
SAE remains perfectly placed to benefit as the 
industry develops.
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park 
is a prime site for BESS expansion
USEP currently hosts
04
 ▶ Strong focus on profitable 
business performance and 
solid investment return.
 ▶ Relentless focus 
on disciplined cash 
management and positive 
cashflows.
 ▶ Exceptional origination, 
development, 
planning, construction 
and operations and 
maintenance expertise.
SAE has developed 
a strong financial 
base from which to 
deliver its strategy and 
achieve its goals.
05
Strong alignment with 
macro-economic and 
regulatory drivers.
 ▶ UK battery storage 
requirement in excess of 
50GW by 2050 to provide 
grid services as renewable 
generation comes online. 
 ▶ Deliver on the need for 
greater energy security.
 ▶ Supports large scale 
expansion of offshore 
and onshore wind in the 
region.
 ▶ National Grid connection 
reforms will help to 
accelerate battery projects’ 
route to market.
06
7
STATEMENT
Chairman
“SAE has continued to go from strength to strength. Its success is built on 
setting clear objectives and the team being focused on delivery. As a result, 
we are developing one of the largest battery storage projects in the UK and 
operating a record-breaking and world-leading tidal stream project.”
Strategy - Building a Sustainable Future to 2035.
Battery Storage  
 
With the UK’s ambitions to accelerate the journey to 
net zero, the need for technologies to be deployed to 
help manage and store intermittent renewable energy 
generation is significantly increasing. 
 
The electricity transmission grid needs a means to store 
and release the excess energy that is being generated by 
intermittent renewable energy generation as supply and 
demand fluctuate. Battery storage has been identified as 
essential energy infrastructure to ensure the delivery of 
net zero. 
 
There is currently a significant shortage of electricity 
transmission grid capacity in the UK, which is severely 
limiting the ability of new renewable energy projects 
and battery storage projects to connect to the grid in the 
required timescale. While Ofgem (the UK energy market 
regulator) and the National Energy Systems Operator 
(NESO) are working to address these shortages, there 
is a large demand for projects which can be delivered 
quickly, and which have access to existing transmission 
connections. 
 
At our Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park (USEP), we have 
a significant amount of existing electricity grid connection 
capacity, and we have additional grid connection capacity 
coming on-line from 2026. This makes the USEP an ideal 
location for the development of battery storage with 
2.9GWh of projects currently under development, the 
majority of which are planned to be operational or under 
construction by 2030.
 
In addition, USEP has significant areas of suitable land 
and the infrastructure from the former Uskmouth power 
station, including a rail connection to ensure the most 
cost-effective and carbon-efficient delivery of materials 
with minimal local disruption. The benefit of prioritising 
our activities on one major site is that our time and 
resources can be focused on delivery. 
 
We are grateful to all our local supporters and project 
partners, as well as our incredibly dedicated and 
knowledgeable local team, who are passionate about 
delivering our vision for revitalising the Uskmouth site. This 
has been key to enabling us, within a short space of time, 
to take our first project from concept to shovel-ready and 
we are at an advanced stage towards achieving financial 
close of the second project at USEP, AW1 in Q3 2025.
 
Duncan Black
Non-executive chairman
Introduction
The Board set very clear objectives for the 
business last year, and I’m pleased to report 
each of these was met or exceeded. 
      
1. Improve the Company’s operational 
cashflows and fund increased 
development expenditure. 
2. Progress development of the Company’s 
next battery storage project in the UK with 
the ability to retain majority ownership into 
operation. 
3. Secure additional offtake to support the 
development of future phases of the 
MeyGen project through the Contracts for 
Difference (CfD) Application Round 6 (AR6) 
auction.  
4. Achieve stable operations at MeyGen 
including the redeployment of the fourth 
turbine and boosting the power output of 
the turbines.
8
“To take our experience of 
delivering and operating 
one of the most innovative 
energy projects in the world 
and be part of unlocking the 
huge benefits of the USEP is 
something the Board, the SAE 
team and our shareholders 
should be proud of.” 
The successful award of 59MWs of CfDs for the MeyGen 
2 project through AR4, AR5 and AR6 are important in 
the continued development of this exciting project. 
We continue to work in partnership with the Scottish 
Government to overcome the significant challenges 
to unlocking the next phases of the project, including 
securing the required permitting, transmission 
connection, and funding, and demonstrating the next 
generation of tidal turbines that would be deployed to 
ensure the viability of future phases.
 
Tidal power remains an important part of the future 
energy mix in providing a source of reliable, predictable 
renewable energy. The combination of our skills and track 
record in developing battery storage and tidal power 
projects offers the potential to deliver much needed 
predicable, base load renewable energy to the grid.
Board activity
The Board has focused on 
supporting the management 
team and contributing our 
expertise and experience 
wherever possible. The SAE 
team should take pride in its 
achievements, and the Board will 
continue supporting the team to 
ensure its ongoing success.
John Woodley
Non-executive director
Strategy - (continued)
SAE is developing several battery storage projects at 
USEP as well as adjacent to our MeyGen tidal project 
in Scotland, with the goal of maintaining a significant 
equity ownership in these projects and delivering 
sustainable revenue for the Company in the future.
Tidal 
 
We had a very successful year of operations of the 
MeyGen 1 project in 2024 and delivered on the 
objectives of having all four turbines operating 
at capacity as well as increasing output from the 
turbines.  It has been a long journey to achieve stable 
operations for the MeyGen 1 project, but in now doing 
so, we have truly demonstrated the viability of tidal 
power as a valuable part of the generation mix.  I 
would like to thank our partners, Scottish Enterprise 
and Crown Estate Scotland, for their continued 
support and patience, and our incredible MeyGen 
operations team who have delivered these world firsts.
9
STATEMENT
Chairman
Outlook: 
  
We already have around 3.5GWh of battery storage 
projects under development currently scheduled to be 
delivered by 2038, and we will work to further grow this 
development pipeline.  The team has been focused on 
the delivery of over 2.9GWh of battery storage projects at 
USEP, the successful development of which will make SAE 
one of the largest operators of battery storage projects 
in the UK. We have demonstrated the value that battery 
storage projects add to our business, and as we move into 
a business model of full development and ownership, this 
value will increase.  
Tidal energy remains exciting and very much a technology 
of the future. SAE has worked to ensure that MeyGen 
remains at the forefront of the technology’s development 
by securing CfDs in AR4, AR5 and AR6 and continues to 
work with our partners to seek to overcome the challenges 
to progress with the next phases of the MeyGen project. 
 
These are all long-term assets that will provide the 
Company with long-term, sustainable revenue streams, 
and provide a platform for sustained growth and value 
creation.
Conclusion
 
I have seen excellent progress by the Company in 2024 
with significant progress made on our development and 
operating projects. The realisation of our vision for USEP 
will be transformational for our business and the local 
area. With the huge support locally and nationally for the 
development of battery storage projects at USEP, and the 
expertise, experience and foundations in place at SAE, I 
am confident of turning that vision into reality and turning 
our business into a leading battery storage developer, 
owner and operator. We will continue delivering 
operational excellence for the MeyGen Phase 1 project and 
seek to progress with the development of future phases of 
MeyGen. 
“The combination of our skills 
and track record in developing 
Battery Storage and tidal 
power projects offers the 
potential to deliver much 
needed predictable, base load 
renewable energy to the grid.”
10
11
STATEMENT
CEO
“2024 has been a very productive year, the business has met or exceeded all of 
its objectives. We continue to implement our strategy, Building a Sustainable 
Future to 2035, advancing our transition towards becoming an Independent 
Power Producer (IPP).”
Graham Reid
CEO
Introduction 
2024 saw a number of major milestones achieved, a few 
of the highlights were the award of planning for Afon 
Wysg 1 (‘AW1’) in January 2024, the first project that will be 
majority owned and operating at USEP. Electric Land paid 
three of the four payments for the land sale at Uskmouth 
totalling £8.5m. In June, Mey Bess planning application for 
1200MWh was submitted.
I was also proud to launch our vision for the USEP site. It 
was important to set out how the delivery of one of the 
largest Battery Storage sites in the UK can be a catalyst 
for the economic and environmental opportunity both 
locally and nationally. The site can once again support the 
economy of Newport and beyond and help achieve its 
ambitions to lead the UK in AI and new technologies. 
 ▶ We continue to develop a project portfolio of 3.5GWh of 
battery storage projects, a portfolio that presents real 
opportunity and growth for our company. 
 ▶   
The MeyGen project is a record-breaking project 
that continues to demonstrate its place as the home 
of tidal stream generation. Our fourth turbine was 
deployed in November and was fully operational in 
December 2024. 
 
 ▶ Built a world-leading team that continues to deliver.   
Results 
Throughout the year we have continued to focus on and 
deliver against three key priorities: 
 ▶ Creating a streamlined business, which can identify, 
respond, and deliver opportunities. 
 
 ▶ Significantly reduce costs and improve efficiency, 
aligned around 2 business areas, battery storage and 
tidal stream generation, 
 ▶ Maximise the return on our assets at Uskmouth and 
MeyGen.
2024 Highlights: 
  
1. Planning permission for Afon Wysg 1 
awarded in January 2024. 
2. £8.5 million received from the sale of land at 
the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. 
3. Full power generated by the MeyGen array.
12
“I was also proud to launch our Vision for the USEP site. 
It was important to set out how the delivery of one of the
largest Battery Storage sites in the UK can be a catalyst
for the economic and environmental opportunity both
locally and nationally.”
Results (continued)
For the year ended 31st December 2024 we posted 
operating results that were in-line compared 
to last year. The year resulted in revenues of 
£14.4 million (2023: revenue £15.3 million). This led 
to an EBITDA of £7.9 million (2023: £8.3 million).
Group debt (excluding non-recourse debt) 
remained unchanged at £13.7 million (2023: 
£13.7 million). Operational efficiency remained 
strong with a modest increase in cash burn to 
£6.0m (2023: £5.0 million) which has brought the 
AW1 project towards financial close, whilst at the 
same time increasing our development pipeline  
which now sits at 3.5GWh. As at 31 December 2024 
the Group had £6.0 million (2023: £4.2 million) 
cash at bank.
Our Meygen tidal stream project has been 
successful in securing an additional 9MW of 
capacity in the latest CfD round AR6. This brings 
our total to 59MW secured through the various 
application rounds
Strategy – Building a Sustainable future to 2035: 
We are transitioning to being an IPP in both battery 
storage and tidal stream generation. Over the 
next 10 years, we aim to deliver 3.5GWh of battery 
storage projects and 80MW of tidal capacity. This 
ambitious aim is achievable given our ownership of 
some of the best sites, a world-leading team, and 
passionately supportive stakeholders. 
“Wales’ largest battery site is on the way! 
This project is a key step in our journey 
towards a greener, more sustainable future
harnessing the power of innovation while 
learning from the past.” 
     
Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Energy and 
Planning, Rebecca Evans.
13
STATEMENT
CEO
Outlook
We remain confident that we will deliver on our 
ambitious plans. We have made major progress 
towards financial close on our flagship, AW1, 
battery storage project at the USEP. AW1 will 
have a capacity of  240MWh and will provide a 
long-term revenue stream for the business. The 
next project will be our 1200MWh project at Mey, 
for which planning permission is expected to be 
received in 2025. During 2029, our third project 
at USEP is scheduled to achieve commercial 
operation, adding a further 500MWh storage to 
our portfolio. 2029 is also when we are due to 
bring online an additional 59MW of tidal stream 
generation at our MeyGen site, however this 
will be dependent on the continued significant 
support of the Scottish Government.
14
by
2030
by
2030
by
2030
by
2035
by
2035
by
2035
Deliver 1,200MW of 
BESS at Mey
Deliver 
600MW/1,200MWh 
of sustainable 
BESS projects at 
Uskmouth
Financial close 
of 80MW of tidal 
capacity at MeyGen
Develop, own 
and operate 
900MW/1,800MWh  
of BESS projects  
Build out the 
remainder of the 
MeyGen tidal site 
to 398MW
Focus on long-term, 
reliable operation of 
our assets to secure 
sustainable revenue
A strategy to deliver sustainable projects 
for our shareholders and planet:
15
STATEMENT
CFO
2023 Highlights: 
1. Sale of ready to build BESS project with grid 
connection for £10 million 
2. Sale of BESS project land for £9.9 million 
3. 
Introduction 
SAE has built on the progress made during 2023 by 
moving towards financial close for its 240MWh AW1 
battery storage project at the Uskmouth Sustainable 
Energy Park, “USEP”, and entering into a joint venture with 
Econergy International Limited to develop our second 
battery storage project at USEP, AW2 with a capacity of 
500MWh.
Throughout 2024 and the first half of 2025 SAE has been 
working with its project partners to bring its 240MWh 
AW1 project to financial close in Q3 2025. A significant step 
towards achieving that goal was securing an £8.5m loan 
from the Cardiff Capital Region that provided the funding 
to pay ENSO Green Holdings Limited £3.85m deferred 
consideration to acquire the company and to order other 
long lead items for the AW1 project.
In the tidal division the operations team successfully 
repaired and installed the AR1500 turbine, the fourth and 
final turbine to be installed as part of the MeyGen Phase 1 
array. The MeyGen array now generates more than 80% 
of tidal stream-energy generated anywhere in the world 
month in, month out.
In September 2024, an additional 9MW of tidal capacity 
revenue support was secured in Allocation Round 6 of the 
UK Governments Contracts for Difference (CfD) auction. 
The Group cash forecast shows good liquidity throughout 
the going concern period not least due to the forecast 
receipt of £19 million of land sale income during 2024 and 
into 2025 and the careful management of operating costs.
Reporting on the Results
Whilst underlying operational performance measured 
by EBITDA showed a modest decline during the year to 
£7.9m (2023: £8.3m), the Group loss of £25.1m (2023 profit 
£23.2 million), was heavily affected by non-cash accounting 
adjustments to the valuation of our project portfolio. In 
particular, the Group recognised a net £12.5m deferred tax 
liability on the battery portfolio following the completion 
of a tax review into the availability of capital allowances to 
the battery portfolio, which will be unwound over time. 
Secondly, a £16.2m impairment of the tidal business was 
required due to lower revenues and higher costs during 
2024 than forecast and significant increases in the cost 
forecasts for future operations of the tidal business.
Simon Hirst
CFO
2024 Highlights: 
 ▶ 9MW of tidal capacity revenue support 
awarded in AR6
 ▶ SAE receives £8.5 million of revenues from 
land sale at USEP
 ▶ SAE takes full ownership of 240MWh battery 
storage project
8.3
2022
2023
7.92024
-5.8
£7.9m
EBITDA
2023: £8.3m
16
Reporting on the Results (continued)
The Group reported revenue of £14.4  million 
in 2024 compared with £15.3 million in 2023. 
Revenues available to the Group, which excludes 
ring-fenced revenue earned by the MeyGen tidal 
array, were stable at £10.1  million (2023: £10.7 
million).
The proceeds from the sale of land at the 
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park of £9.8 million 
accounts for the majority of 2024 revenues 
with the balance being rental income from the 
Uskm

---

nd the financial position of the Company as at 
31 December 2024, and of the consolidated financial 
performance, consolidated changes in equity and 
consolidated cash flows of the Group and changes in 
equity of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore 
Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in 
accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory 
Authority (“ACRA”) Code of Professional Conduct and 
Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities 
(“ACRA Code”) together with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements 
in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements 
and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our 
professional judgement, were of most significance in our 
audit of the financial statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters.
Independent Auditor’s Report 
TO THE MEMBERS OF SIMEC ATLANTIS 
ENERGY LIMITED
34
Independent Auditor’s Report
continued
Key Audit Matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters 
Impairment assessment of property, plant and 
equipment (“PPE”) 
We refer to Note 4(f) under “Summary of Material Accounting 
Policies” and Note 5(a) under “Critical Accounting 
Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty” and 
Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
There was an impairment loss on PPE of £22,254,000 which 
comprise £14,695,000 relating to tidal projects and £7,559,000 
relating to MeyGen’s Battery Energy Storage System (“BESS”). 
Management reviews for any indicators of impairment and 
where such indicator exists, the carrying amount of the 
PPE is compared against their recoverable amount. Where 
an impairment loss had previously been made, and the 
recoverable amount exceeds the current carrying amount, a 
reversal is recognised up to the extent of the impairment loss 
previously recognised.
The recoverable amounts are determined using the income 
approach. This requires management to make significant 
estimates and assumptions relating to future revenue, 
development and operating costs, and discount rates.
We focus on these areas because the assessments made by 
management involved the use of significant judgement and 
estimates in the determination of recoverable amount of PPE.
Our response
In obtaining sufficient audit evidence, the following 
procedures were carried out:
 ▶ Obtained and evaluated the recoverable amount 
calculation prepared by the management with respect 
to the PPE, and MeyGen’s BESS project.
 ▶ Checked the mathematical accuracy of the underlying 
calculation.
 ▶ Challenged the appropriateness of the key 
assumptions used by management in the cash 
flow projection, including the Group’s forecasts of 
revenue, development costs, forecasts operating and 
maintenance expenses, and discount rate used.
 ▶ Re-performed the calculation of discount rate used in 
deriving at the recoverable amount.
 ▶ Assessed and tested the key assumptions and inputs 
to which the outcome of the measurement or value is 
most sensitive to.
We found the underlying key assumptions and 
judgements used by management to determine the 
impairment loss on PPE recognised in the financial 
statements to be reasonable.
Valuation of investment property
We refer to Note 4(g) under “Summary of Material 
Accounting Policies” and Note 5(a) under “Critical Accounting 
Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty” and 
Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
Investment property is measured at fair value. There was a 
fair value gain of £13,620,000 recognised with respect to the 
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park.
The fair value is determined using the income approach. This 
requires management to make significant estimates and 
assumptions relating to future revenue, development and 
operating costs, development risk, and discount rate.
We focus on these areas because the assessments made by 
management involved the use of significant judgement and 
estimates in the determination of recoverable amount of the 
fair value of investment property.
Our response 
In obtaining sufficient audit evidence, the following 
procedures were carried out:
 ▶ Obtained and evaluated the fair value calculation 
prepared by the management with respect to the 
Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park.
 ▶ Checked the mathematical accuracy of the underlying 
calculation of the recoverable amount.
 ▶ Challenged the appropriateness of the key 
assumptions used by management in the cash flow 
projection, including the Group’s forecasts of revenue, 
development and operating expenses, development 
risk and discount rate used.
 ▶ Assessed and tested the key assumptions and inputs 
to which the outcome of the measurement or value is 
most sensitive to. 
We found the underlying key assumptions and 
judgements used by management to determine the 
fair value gain of investment property recognised in the 
financial statements to be reasonable.
35
Independent Auditor’s Report
continued
Key Audit Matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Assessment of the going concern basis in the 
preparation of the financial statement
We refer to Note 4(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the Group 
incurred net loss for the year amounting to £30,790,000 and 
net cash inflow of £1,960,000.  In arriving at net cash inflow for 
the year, there was a one-off proceed on the sale of the land 
of £9,984,000, without which the Group would have been in a 
net cash outflow position.
Manage

---

ivalents in the 
statements of financial position 5,962 4,187 3,126 2,202
Less: Encumbered deposits (710) (714) - -
Cash and cash equivalents in the 
statement of cash flows 5,252 3,473 3,126 2,202
The encumbered deposits serve as collateral on behalf of MeyGen PLC and Mey Grid Limited. MeyGen’s deposit supports the 
provision of bank guarantees and standby letters of credit as required under the terms of MeyGen’s seabed lease and to secure the 
MeyGen project’s electricity transmission capacity. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risks is described in Note 37.
24. SHARE CAPITAL
GROUP AND COMPANY
2024 2023
No. of 
shares with 
no par value 
’000 £’000
No. of 
shares with 
no par value 
’000 £’000
Issued and fully paid: 
At the beginning of the financial year 722,812 201,496 722,812 201,496
At the end of the financial year 722,812 201,496 722,812 201,496
25. CAPITAL RESERVE
The capital reserve consists of the difference between the carrying value of net assets transferred to and the consideration 
received from the non-controlling interest.
26. TRANSLATION RESERVE
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of 
foreign operations.
27. SHARE OPTIONS
The share option reserve represents the equity-settled share options granted to employees. The reserve is made up of the 
cumulative value of services received from employees recorded on the grant date. The expense for services received will be 
recognised over the vesting period.
68
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
Long Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”)
On 2 January 2024 the Board adopted the SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan. During the year, 
10.3 million (2023: 10.6 million) share options were granted under the LTIP.
The options outstanding at 31 December 2024 have a weighted average contractual life of 8 years (2023: 7.4 years).
Details of the share options outstanding are as follows:
GROUP AND COMPANY
2024 2023
No. of
share options
’000
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
£
No. of
share options
’000
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
£
Outstanding at end of the year 34,209 0.017 28,359 0.056
Exercisable at end of the year 16,503 0.017 12,317 0.098
The share options on issue as at the reporting date expire between 2025 and 2034.
In 2024, the Group and the Company recognised total expenses of £0.09 million (2023: £0.08 million), related to equity-settled 
share-based payment transactions during the year and this is included as part of employee benefits expense (Note 9). A total of 
£0.32 million (2023: £0.01 million) was transferred from the share option reserve to accumulated losses upon cancellation/expiry 
of the share options.
Company Share Option Plan (“CSOP”)
On 10 November 2016, the Company established a CSOP to offer share options to employees. During the year, 9.1 million share 
options were granted under the CSOP (2023: 25.1 million).
The options outstanding at 31 December 2024 have a weighted average contractual life of 9 years (2023: 9.3 years).
No options were exercised in 2024 and 2023.
GROUP AND COMPANY
2024 2023
No. of
share options
’000
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
£
No. of
share options
’000
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
£
Outstanding at end of the year 28,898 0.01 21,446 0.01
Exercisable at end of the year - - - -
The fair values for the above share options were calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The inputs into the model for 
share options granted are as follows:
2024 2023
Fair value of options on date of grant £0.01 £0.01
Share price £0.015 £0.01
Exercise price £0.015 £0.01
Expected volatility 76.44% 111.65%
Expected life 3 years 3 years
Risk free rate 3.64% 3.43%
Expected dividend yield 0% 0%
Expected volatility was determined by calculating the historical volatility of the Company’s stock. The expected life used in the 
model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and 
behavioural considerations.
69
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
The Group and the Company recognised £0.08 million expenses (2023: £0.05 million), related to equity-settled share-based 
payment transactions during the year and this is included as part of employee benefits expense (Note 9). A total of £0.01 million 
(2023: £0.06 million) was transferred from the share option reserve to accumulated losses upon cancellation/expiry of the share 
options.
28. REVALUATION RESERVE
The revaluation reserve arises on the revaluation of property, plant and equipment and is non-distributable. At the reporting date, 
a debit of £3.6 million (2023: credit of £13.3 million) to the reserve was recognised for the fair value adjustment of battery energy 
storage assets held by the Group (Note 13). The amount was arrived at a fair value loss of £7.6 million (2023: gain of £23.1 million) 
less the allocation of loss to non-controlling interests of £0.9 million (2023: gain of £4.0 million) changes in ownership of £1.2 million 
(2023: £Nil) and tax credit of £1.9 million (2023: tax expenses of £5.8 million). 
29. (LOSS)/PROFIT PER SHARE
(a) Basic earnings per share
The calculation of (loss)/profit per share is based on the loss after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company and 
on the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during each year.
TOTAL (LOSS) / PROFIT 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO 
OWNERS OF THE COMPANY
WEIGHTED AVERAGE 
NUMBER OF SHARES
(LOSS)/PROFIT 
PER SHARE
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
2024
’000
2023
’000
2024
£
2023
£
Basic  (20,124) 25,394 722,812 722,812 (0.03) 0.04
(b) Diluted earning per share
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company and the weighted 
average number of ordinary shares outstanding are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company 
has two categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: CSOP and LTIP. 
For share options, the weighted average number of shares on issue has been adjusted as if all dilutive LTIP and CSOP were 
exercised.
GROUP AND COMPANY
2024
’000
2023
’0

---

pecified categories and defined subtotals 
in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on 
management-defined performance measures in the notes 
to the financial statements and improve aggregation and 
disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial 
statements. Minor amendments to IAS 7 “Statement of Cash 
Flows” and IAS 33 “Earnings per Share” are also made. 
IFRS 18, and the consequential amendments to other IFRS 
Accounting Standards, will be effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with early application 
permitted.
4 SUMMARY OF MATERIAL 
ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
(a) Going Concern
In adopting the going concern basis for preparing these 
financial statements, the Board has considered the Group’s 
business activities, together with factors likely to affect its 
future development, its performance and principal risks and 
uncertainties.
The Board of Directors is required to state whether it is 
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in 
preparing the financial statements, and to identify any material 
uncertainties as to the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern over a period of at least 12 months from the date of 
approval of the financial statements. The period of management’s 
going concern assessment is the period to 30 June 2026.
The Board of Directors has undertaken the assessment of the 
going concern assumptions using financial forecasts for the 
period to 30 June 2026. Management’s forecasts through to 
30 June 2026 anticipate revenues from trading will meet all 
the working capital requirements of the Group.
Details of the Group’s loans and borrowings at year end can be 
found in Note 31 of the financial statements. As at 31 December 
2024, there were no undrawn loan facilities.
Going concern assessment
SAE continues to make excellent progress delivering its 
strategy of developing, building and operating renewable 
energy projects.
Management has prepared a forecast through to 30 June 
2026 based on contractually committed revenues and costs, 
an estimate of additional costs required and the income and 
costs arising from development projects that are expected to 
be delivered within the forecast period. The forecast has been 
subject to stress testing.
The Board has identified significant factors that are of a 
material amount, and the Board has identified sufficient 
evidence of success including achievable new sources of 
revenue, that support the Group’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. The evidence is summarised as follows:
 ▶ AW1 Land Sale
 ▶ Achieving financial close will trigger the sale of land 
on which this project is being built to Electric Land 
for £9.0 million. The sale contract is in agreed form. 
Payment will be made in full upon completion to 
the SAE Group. The funds will support the equity 
that SAE is providing into the AW1 project.
 ▶ SAE will retain 75.1% equity in the AW1 project at 
financial close.
 ▶ AW1 120MW BESS
 ▶ The project is expected to achieve financial close 
in Q3 2025 and is starting construction with the 
following key deliverables either already completed 
or well advanced.
 ▶ SAE has secured a £8.5 million loan from Cardiff 
Capital Region’s (“CCR”) Strategic Premises Fund 
which will be used to facilitate the AW1 project. 
 ▶ The project has discharged all its pre-construction 
planning conditions
 ▶ The long form Battery Supply Agreement and 
Balance of Plant contract have been negotiated.
 ▶ Negotiations for an external investor to make a 
24.9% minority investment in the project.
 ▶ Negotiation of the senior debt facility agreement 
are well advanced.
 ▶ Early works payments and equipment deposits 
have been paid during Q2-25. The full construction 
program will commence at financial close with 
commercial operations date Q2-27.
The Directors’ assessment of the appropriate use of the going 
concern basis recognised that there is a risk that the repayment 
of historical grant funding of £3.8 million may be pursued by 
the grantor. The Board are of the view that there are grounds 
for disputing any clawback of this grant and the Company has 
evidence to support this position, as reported in the previous 
year. Further, the Board notes that there are no parent company 
guarantees attached to the grant and the companies that 
received the grants are balance sheet insolvent.
The Directors’ assessment also includes consideration of 
MeyGen PLC. MeyGen PLC has yet to agree a new extension 
for deferred loan repayment amounts due 31st March 2025. 
Except for the tranche B loan from Scottish Enterprise, for 
which SAE has provided a parent company guarantee, all of 
the loans are non-recourse and a default at MeyGen PLC does 
not trigger a liability for the G roup. The Directors recognise 
a contingent liability of £3.5m for the parent company 
guarantee. The expectation is that new extension beyond 31st 
March 2025 will be formalised with the creditors over the 
coming months.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
46
Mitigating actions
If cashflows are limited due to a requirement to repay 
historical grant funding coupled with then a failure to agree 
an appropriate repayment plan with the creditor, controllable 
mitigating actions would be available such as:
 ▶ suspending development expenditure on future projects
 ▶ utilising surplus working capital,
 ▶ accelerating the sale of an equity interest in the 120MW 
BESS, described above, and 
 ▶ reducing the Group’s cost base.
Going concern conclusion
Accordingly, the Board of Directors concluded that it is 
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting 
in preparing the consolidated financial statements and the 
parent company financial statements. The Board of Directors 
have a reasonable expectation that the Company and the 
Group will each continue to operate as a going concern for 
at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial 
statements.
(b) Basis of Preparation
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) 
(“SFRS(I)”) and IFRS. SFRS(I)s are issued by Accou

---

ated to employee benefit arrangements are recognised 
and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and 
IAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
47
 ▶ liabilities or equity instruments related to the replacement 
by the Group of an acquiree’s share-based payment awards 
are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based 
Payment; 
 ▶ assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale 
in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale; 
and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance 
with that Standard.
Goodwill
The Group measures goodwill at the acquisition date as:
 ▶ the consideration transferred; plus
 ▶ the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests in 
the acquiree; plus
 ▶ if the business combination is achieved in stages, the fair 
value of the pre-existing equity interest in the acquiree, 
less the net recognised amount (generally fair value) of the 
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
When the excess is negative, a bargain purchase gain is 
recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at 
least annually. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill 
is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units 
expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. 
Cash generating units to which goodwill has been allocated 
are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when 
there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the 
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than 
its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to 
reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the 
unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the 
basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An 
impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a 
subsequent period.
On disposal of a subsidiary or the relevant cash generating 
unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the 
determination of the profit or loss on disposal.
(e) Financial Instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised 
on the Group’s statement of financial position when the 
Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument.
Financial Assets
All financial assets are recognised and derecognised on 
the trade date where the purchase or sale of an investment 
is under a contract whose terms require delivery of the 
investment within the timeframe established by the market 
concerned, and are initially measured at fair value plus 
transaction costs except for those financial assets classified as 
fair value through profit and loss, which are initially measured 
at fair value. Financial assets comprise loans and receivables.
Loans and receivables
Trade and other receivables that have fixed or determinable 
payments and that are not quoted in an active market are 
classified as loans and receivables. Loans and receivables 
are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method less any allowance for expected credit losses. Interest 
is recognised by applying the effective interest method, except 
for short-term receivables where the recognition of interest 
would be immaterial. Trade receivables that do not contain 
a significant financing component or for which the Group 
has applied the practical expedient are measured at the 
transaction price. 
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition 
depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow 
characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing 
them. In order for a financial asset to be classified and 
measured at amortised cost or fair value through other 
comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that 
are ‘solely payments of principal and interest’ (“SPPI”) on the 
principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred 
to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. 
Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified 
and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective 
of the business model.
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets 
refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to 
generate cash flows. The business model determines whether 
cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, 
selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified 
and measured at amortised cost are held within a business 
model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to 
collect contractual cash flows while financial assets classified 
and measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are held within a business model with the objective of 
both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank, short-term 
bank deposits with an original maturity of 3 months or less 
and cash on hand.
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows, 
pledged deposits are excluded.
Impairment of financial assets
IFRS 9 requires the Group to recognise an allowance for 
expected credit loss (“ECLs”) for financial assets measured at 
amortised cost.
ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual 
cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the 
cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at 
an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The 
expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of 
collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral 
to the contractual terms.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
48
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for 
which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that 
result from default events that are possible within the next 
12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for 
which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses 
expected over the

---

re 
reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.
Freehold land is stated at cost, less any subsequent 
accumulated impairment losses.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
49
(g) Investment Properties
Investment properties are properties which are held either 
to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for 
both. Investment properties are initially measured at cost 
and subsequently measured using the fair value model, 
with changes in fair value under the fair value model being 
recognised in profit or loss. 
(h) Intangible Assets
Internally-generated intangible assets - research and 
development expenditure
Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense 
in the period in which it is incurred.
Capitalisation of an internally generated asset is only permitted 
during the development phase. Development expenditure is 
capitalised only if development costs can be measured reliably, 
the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, 
future economic benefits are probable, and the Group intends 
to and has sufficient resources to complete development and 
to use or sell the asset. The cost of capitalised development 
activities should include all directly attributable costs necessary 
to create, produce and prepare an asset for a business purpose 
in the manner intended by management.
The amount initially recognised for internally-generated 
intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure incurred from 
the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition 
criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible 
asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged 
to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.
Intangible assets are derecognised on disposal or when 
no future economic benefits are expected from its use or 
disposal.
Amortisation
Subsequent to initial recognition, each class of intangible 
asset is reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and 
accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised 
on a straight-line basis over the expected estimated useful life 
of that class of asset. Amortisation will begin when the asset 
is available for use, i.e. when it is in the location and condition 
necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner 
intended by management.
(i) Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the 
carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to 
determine whether there is any indication that those assets 
have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, 
testing for impairment is undertaken.
An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or 
cash-generating unit’s fair value less costs of disposal and its 
value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless 
the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. 
Where the carrying amount of an asset or cash-generating 
unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered 
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognised 
in profit or loss, except for assets that are previously revalued 
where the revaluation was taken to other comprehensive 
income. In this case, the impairment is also recognised 
in other comprehensive income up to the amount of any 
previous revaluation.
For assets excluding goodwill, a previously recognised 
impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change 
in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable 
amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that 
is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to 
its recoverable amount. That increase cannot exceed the 
carrying amount that would have been determined, net 
of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised 
previously. Such reversal is recognised in profit or loss unless 
the asset is measured at revalued amount, in which case the 
reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible 
assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment 
annually.
(j) Inventories 
Land inventories are held at the lower of cost and net 
realisable value. Cost is based on the first-in first-out principle 
and includes the incurred value of land assets transferred 
from investment property or property, plant and equipment 
and additional expenditure incurred bringing them to their 
present location and condition.
Investment property measured at £9.8 million relating to the 
AW1 project within SUP Ltd has been reclassified as inventory 
in the current period, as this land is both ready for sale and 
planned to be sold within the upcoming financial year.
(k) Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, 
it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the 
obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount 
of the obligation.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of 
the consideration required to settle the present obligation at 
the end of reporting period, taking into account the risks and 
uncertainties surrounding the obligation. If the effect of the 
time value of money is material, discounting is applied.
Provision for decommissioning is recognised when the related 
facilities are installed. A corresponding amount equivalent 
to the provision is also recognised as part of the cost of 
the related property, plant and equipment. The amount 
recognised is the estimated cost of decommissioning, 
discounted to its net present value using a risk-free rate, and is 
re-assessed each year.
Changes in the estimated timing of decommissioning or 
decommissioning cost estimates are dealt with prospectively 
by recording an adjustment to the provision, and a 
corresponding adjustment to property, plant and equipment. 
The unwinding of the discount on the decommissioning 
provision is included as a finance cost.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
50
(l

---

business combination, the 
tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or 
determining the excess of the acquirer’s interest in the net 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
51
fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and 
contingent liabilities over cost.
(o) Finance Costs and Income
Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings. 
All borrowing costs are recognised in the profit or loss using 
the effective interest method, except to the extent that they 
are capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes 
a substantial period of time to be prepared for its intended use 
or sale.
Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to 
the principal outstanding and the effective interest rate 
applicable.
(p) Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract 
is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right 
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.
Group As A Lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement 
approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases 
of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to 
make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the 
right to use the underlying assets.
Right-of-use Assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the 
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured 
at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. 
The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease 
liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date less 
any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably 
certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end 
of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its 
estimated useful life and the lease term. Right-of-use assets 
are subject to impairment.
Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises 
lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease 
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments 
include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed 
payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease 
payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts 
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease 
payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option 
reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments 
of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects 
the Group exercising the option to terminate. The variable 
lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are 
recognised as an expense in the period during which the 
event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the 
Group uses the interest rate implied in the lease agreements, 
or if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s 
incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. 
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities 
is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for 
the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount 
of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, 
a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments 
(e.g. changes to future payments resulting from a change 
in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments), 
or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the 
underlying asset.
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption 
to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment 
(i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less 
from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase 
option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition 
exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered of 
low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of 
low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term.
Group As A Lessor
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially 
all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset 
are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is 
accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and 
is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to 
its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating 
and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying 
amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term 
on the same basis as rental income.
(q) Segment Reporting
The Group is focused on developing, building, owning 
and operating sustainable energy projects. It considers its 
business as four operating segments: Battery Storage, Project 
Development, Power Generation and Corporate. 
5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING 
JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF 
ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which 
are described in Note 4, management is required to make 
judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent 
from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions 
are based on historical experience and other factors that are 
relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
52
revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision 
and future periods if the revision affects both current and 
future periods.
(a) Critical Judgements in applying the 
Group’s Accounting Policies and Key 
Sources of Estim

---

he Uskmouth 
Power Station in 2018 and conversion of the financial 
statements to IFRS and updated as of 31 December 2024 
based on latest estimates.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
53
The Meygen decommissioning provision is calculated via a similar procedure to Uskmouth with a present value of the costs to 
restore the site calculated based on inflation and gilt rates, with a timeline ending in 2043. The costs are updated per operations 
guidance and best estimates as at 31 December 2024.
Income tax
In determining the income tax liabilities, management is required to estimate the amount of capital allowances and 
deductibility of certain expenses (“uncertain tax positions”) at each tax jurisdiction.
There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course 
of business. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. 
Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will 
impact the income tax and deferred income tax provision in the year which such determination is made.
The Group has open tax assessments with a tax authority as at the reporting date. As management believes that the tax 
positions are sustainable, the Group has not recognised any additional tax liability on these uncertain tax provisions. The amount 
of income tax expense and the carrying amount of deferred tax liabilities at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 11 and Note 
32 of financial statements.
6. REVENUE
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Power sales 4,253 4,513
Battery storage income 9,984 10,088
Lease income 137 680
14,374 15,281
Power sales is the income received from electricity generation at the MeyGen Phase 1 array and includes the associated revenue 
from renewable obligation certificates (“ROCs”). Battery storage income arises from the sale of the land on which a 230MW BESS 
project is being built by Uskmouth Energy Storage Limited to Electric Land. Lease income comprises rental income and other 
fees from development of battery storage opportunities at the Uskmouth site.
7. FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENT TO INVESTMENT PROPERTY
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Fair value adjustment to investment property 13,620 28,200
The fair value adjustment recognised in the year reflects the net gain from fair value adjusting the land sites at Uskmouth held 
for future battery energy storage. The adjustment has been determined from applying an income approach calculation as 
disclosed in Note 14.
8. OTHER INCOME
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Interest income 208 94
Insurance proceeds - 39
Other income 450 128
658 261
Other income comprises mainly a £0.28 million payment from a third-party supplier to compensate for historical turbine repairs.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
54
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
9. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
The average number of employees (including Executive Directors) was:
GROUP
2024 2023
Average number of employees (including Executive Directors) 12 14
Their aggregate remuneration comprised:
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Wages, salaries and other short-term benefits 2,433 1,570
Social security costs 216 170
Share-based payments (Note 27) 168 134
Contributions to defined contribution plan 120 211
Other related costs 40 10
2,977 2,095
10. FINANCE COSTS
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Interest expense arising from:
 - long term loans 1,493 1,136
 - secured long and short term loans 2,401  1,768
 - long term debentures 1,318 1,221
 - lease liabilities 133 73
Unwinding of discount on decommissioning provision 504 213
Other finance costs 146 254
5,995 4,665
11. TAX (EXPENSES) / CREDIT
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Current tax credit - -
Deferred Income tax - -
(Increase)/Decrease in deferred tax liabilities (Note 32) (12,488) 385
(12,488) 385
As a result of the Company’s management and control moving from Singapore to the United Kingdom on 1 January 2016, the 
Company became tax resident in the United Kingdom and all filing requirements are met in both jurisdictions.
In the United Kingdom, the applicable rate of tax is computed at 25% (2023: 23.5%).
55
Singapore domestic income tax is calculated at 17% (2023: 17%) of the estimated assessable loss for the year. Taxation for other 
jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.
The Group provided a deferred tax liability on the valuation of its battery portfolio in accordance with IAS 12.
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
(Loss)/ Profit before tax (12,633) 22,793
Tax at the domestic rates of 25% (2023:23.5%)  applicable to losses in the country 
concerned
(3,158) 5,361
Non-allowable items at rates concerned 4,832 2,756
Non-taxable income at rates concerned (3,405) (6,597)
Permanent Differences 2,476 -
Accelerated capital allowances - (346)
Previously unrecognised tax losses utilised (858) (1,176)
Tax effect of deferred tax asset not recognised 113 2
Tax effect of unwinding deferred tax - 19
Tax effect of asset valuation on deferred tax 17,017 366
Release deferred tax liability (366) -
Previously unrecognised tax losses now recouped to reduce current tax expense (4,163) -
12,488 385
At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unutilised tax losses of £42.2 million  (2023: £60.1 million) available for offset 
against future profits. The amount of the Company’s unutilised tax losses available for offset against future profits is £27.4 million 
(2023: £33.6 million). 
Included in the Group and Company losses are £27.4 million (2023: £27.4 million) of losses relating to Singapore corporation tax, 
which will only be utilised against taxable income realised in Singapore.
12. (LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
The following items have been included in arriving at the loss (2023: profit) for the year:
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Fair value adjustment to investment property 13,620 28,200
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (2,068) (3,205)
Impairment loss on intangible assets (1,465) -
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment (1

---

udit related fees receivable by the auditor of parent company’s consolidated financial statements in the year 
of £0.08 million (2023: £0.07 million)
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
56
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Freehold  
land
£’000
Property, 
plant and 
equipment (1)
£’000
Furniture, 
fixture and 
equipment
£’000
Computer 
equipment  
and software
£’000
Power
plant 
£’000
Total
£’000
Group
Cost/Valuation
At 1 January 2023 20 68,960 17 87 83,797 152,881
Additions - 1,315 - 3 (174)(2) 1,144
Revaluation surplus - 23,127 - - - 23,127
Recognised to revaluation reserve - (34,106) - - - (34,106)
Transfer to investment property - - - - (74,384) (74,384)
Asset transfer to inventories - - - - (9,239) (9,239)
At 31 December 2023 20 59,296 17 90 - 59,423
Additions - (253)(2) - - - (253)
Disposal - - - (71) - (71)
At 31 December 2024 20 59,043 17 19 - 59,099
Accumulated depreciation and 
impairment
At 1 January 2023 - 26,347 17 84 51,978 78,426
Depreciation for the year - 2,129 - 2 1,074 3,205
Impairment loss (Note 12) - 5,630 - - - 5,630
Recognised to revaluation reserve - (34,106) - - - (34,106)
Transfer to Investment Property - - - - (53,052) (53,052)
At 31 December 2023 - - 17 86 - 103
Depreciation for the year - 1,889 - 1 - 1,890
Disposal - - - (71) - (71)
Recognised to revaluation reserve 
(Note 28)
- 7,559 - - - 7,559
Impairment loss (Note 12) - 14,695 - - - 14,695
At 31 December 2024 - 24,143 17 16 - 24,176
Net book value
At 31 December 2023 20 59,296 - 4 - 59,320
At 31 December 2024 20 34,900 - 3 - 34,923
(1) At revalued amount
(2) Relating to unwinding discount of decommissioning cost
(a) Plant, property and equipment
In 2020, MeyGen was awarded £1.5 million from the Scottish Government’s Saltire Tidal Energy Challenge Fund and £0.1 million from 
Highlands and Islands Enterprise to develop and install a subsea tidal turbine connection hub. Prior to the 2020 award, aggregate 
grants of £13.3 million, comprising a £10 million grant from the United Kingdom’s Department of Energy and Climate Change, and 
two grants from Scotland’s Highlands and Islands Enterprise totaling £3.3 million, were awarded to MeyGen in August 2014. Grants 
received where the conditions attached to them have been complied with were recorded as a deduction from the carrying amount of 
the project-under-construction in accordance with the accounting policy in Note 4. As disclosed in Note 5, a value-in-use calculation is 
undertaken each year to determine the need for impairment of the asset. 
(b) Security
At 31 December 2024, assets of subsidiaries with carrying amounts of £34.9 million (2023: £60.7 million) were pledged as security 
on long term loans (Note 31).
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
57
14. INVESTMENT PROPERTY
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Group
At 1 January 49,532 -
Transfer from owner occupied property - 21,332
Net gain from fair value adjustment 13,620 28,200
Acquisition of a subsidiary 4,157 
Transfer to inventories (Note 22) (9,770) -
Disposal (Note 21) (9,162) -
Addition 752 -
At 31 December 49,129  49,532
During the financial year, the Group had disposed of the investment property to Uskmouth Energy Storage Limited. No gain or 
loss recognised on disposal. The amount remained outstanding at the reporting date.
15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Tidal data
£’000
Group
Cost
At 1 January 2023 1,465
At 31 December 2023 1,465
At 31 December 2024 1,465
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2023 -
At 31 December 2023 -
Impairment 1,465
At 31 December 2024 1,465
Net book value
At 31 December 2023 1,465
At 31 December 2024 -
Tidal data relates to key information on tidal flows that is crucial to the development of the MeyGen project. The asset value has 
been fully impaired as part of the fair value assessment of MeyGen.
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
58
16. LEASES
As a Lessee
The Group has lease contracts for land, buildings and the seabed at the MeyGen site. Those leases have lease terms of between 
5 and 99 years. Land and buildings have a remaining useful life between 4-90 years. 
Set out below are the carrying amount of land and buildings right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the 
period:
Land and 
buildings
£’000
Group
At 1 January 2023 1,331
Depreciation expense (215)
Additions 770
Adjustments (47)
At 31 December 2023 1,839
Depreciation expense (178)
Adjustments 99
At 31 December 2024 1,760
Set out below are the carrying amount of lease liabilities and movements during the period:
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
At 1 January 1,774 1,296
Additions - 770
Accretion of interest 133 73
Payments (284) (318)
Adjustments 99 (47)
At 31 December 1,722 1,774
Current 175 218
Non-current  1,547 1,556
1,722 1,774
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 37(b).
Notes to the Financial Statements 
continued
59
The following are the amounts recognised in the profit or loss:
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets 178 215
Interest expense on lease liabilities 133 73
Expense relating to 
-  Lease of low value assets (included in other operating expenses) 4 4
-  Variable lease payments (included in other operating expenses) 2 2
At 31 December 317 294
The Group had total cash outflows for leases of £0.3 million (2023: £0.3 million). The Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use 
assets and lease liabilities of £nil million (2023: £0.8 million).
The Group has leases which contain variable lease payment terms that are linked to power generation. Variable lease payments 
had the following effect:
GROUP
2024
£’000
2023
£’000
Fixed rent 12 12
Variable payment 16 52
28 64
Overall, the variable payments constitute 6% (2023: 16%) of the Group’s entire lease payments. The variable lease payments 
depend on generation, and whilst the Group expects the ratio to remain constant in future years, a 5% increase in variable 
payments would result in a £800 increase to lease payments.
As a Lessor
At the end of the reporting period, the Group had nil amounts due to it (2023 restated: nil) under non-cancellable operating 
leases.
Prior year restatement
One of the subsidiaries of the Group, SIMEC Uskmouth Power Limited (“S