Politicians visit Uskmouth site SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited 04 November 2024 4 November 2024 SIMEC Atlantis Energy Limited ("SAE Renewables", "SAE" or the "Company") Politicians see first-hand the scale, opportunity and regeneration of the Uskmouth site SAE was delighted on Friday 1 November 2024, to welcome Jessica Morden, the Member of Parliament for Newport East, John Griffiths, the Member of the Senedd for Newport East, and Dimitri Batrouni, the Leader of Newport City Council, to the Uskmouth site. SAE Chairman, Duncan Black, and CEO, Graham Reid, along with senior SAE team members, welcomed the politicians to the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park. SAE has been transforming the Uskmouth site. Once home to a coal fired power station, SAE has utilised the existing infrastructure, land and grid connection to turn it into one of the largest Battery Storage sites in the UK. With one project already in construction and the next due to start construction next year, SAE is making rapid progress in the delivery of over 2GWh of Battery Storage projects, with the potential to expand to over 3.5GWh in the future with longer duration batteries in the future. The politicians were able to talk about the benefits the regeneration is bringing to the area. With the huge growth in renewable power and the need to decarbonise vital heavy industries, the demand for Battery Storage to support this is critical. The SAE team explained how the Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park is a major component in unlocking new development opportunities in the region and will help to deliver jobs, investment and vital energy services. CEO Graham Reid commented: "We were delighted to be able to host the politicians at our Uskmouth Sustainable Energy Park and showcase how we are delivering an exciting future for the site. It is fantastic to receive their continued support and talk about ways we can maximise the benefits and opportunities for the local area." Jessica Morden MP commented: "It was great to visit the sustainable energy park here in Newport East today. This is a fantastic example of a site transformed from traditional energy production to one supporting energy sources for the twenty-first century and helping the country transition to net zero." John Griffiths MS commented: "The Uskmouth Power Station and the surrounding land has played an important part in Wales' energy capacity and history over the years. But as we look towards the future, we must be looking at how we use renewables - and that's why SAE's plans for the site with new technologies developing all the time are very exciting ones. "These ambitious proposals can also be a great opportunity to create well paid and highly skilled local jobs - and I look forward to working with the company, supported by the city council, in making this a Newport success story." Dimitri Batrouni, Leader of Newport City Council commented: "It was extremely interesting to hear of the company's plans for the site and how it is being adapted to meet the changing requirements of our modern world. "Uskmouth Power Station once played a vital role in the local economy and the city will need its energy in the future to meet our energy demands. I look forward to the site reaching its potential of becoming important again to the growth of the sustainable energy industry and helping to deliver local investment and employment once again." The politicians were shown a video of the plans for the site, which can be viewed here: https://vimeo.com/1026044237/643ed59fa6?ts=0&share=copy Please find link to photos of the visit: https://photos.app.goo.gl/YEksMTY1QidCHYxn6 - Ends - For further information, please contact: SAE Renewables Sean Parsons, Director of External Affairs +44 (0)7739 832 446 Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated and Financial Adviser) Richard Johnson Rory Murphy David Asquith +44 (0)20 7409 3494 Zeus Capital Limited (Broker) Louisa Waddell Simon Johnson +44 (0)20 3829 5000 Notes to Editors SAE Renewables is a global developer, owner and operator of sustainable energy projects. SAE owns the world's flagship tidal stream project, MeyGen, and the Uskmouth Power Station site, that is being repurposed into a sustainable energy park that will become one of the UK's largest battery energy storage sites. https://www.saerenewables.com/ Proud to be part of London's universe of Green Economy Equities This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ampeak Energy Limited (AMP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 hours ago Rathbones Group 20 hours ago Georgia Capital 20 hours ago Hays 21 hours ago BP 21 hours ago Unilever All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and