Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 70 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 84 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 85 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 85 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 85 Item 9B. Other Information 86 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 86 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 86 Item 11. Executive Compensation 86 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 86 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 86 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 86 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 87 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 91 SIGNATURE PAGE 92 "Altibodies ™ ," "ARCALYST ® ," "Evkeeza ® ," "EYLEA ® ," "EYLEA HD ® ," "Inmazeb ® ," "Libtayo ® ," "Ordspono ™ ," "Praluent ® " (in the United States), " ® ," "Regeneron ® ," "Regeneron Genetics Center ® ," "RGC ® ," " ® ," "VelociGene ® ," "VelociHum ® ," "VelociMab ® ," "VelocImmune ® ," "VelociMouse ® ," "VelociSuite ® ," "VelociT ® ," "Veopoz ® ," and "ZALTRAP ® " are trademarks of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Trademarks and trade names of other companies appearing in this report are, to the knowledge of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the property of their respective owners. This report refers to products of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., its collaborators, and other parties. Consult the product label in each territory for specific information about such products. Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (where applicable, together with its subsidiaries, "Regeneron," "Company," "we," "us," and "our"), and actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. Words such as "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements, although not all statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern, and these risks and uncertainties include, among others: • the nature, timing, and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively, "Regeneron's Products") and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively, "Regeneron's Product Candidates") and research and clinical programs now underway or planned, including without limitation those discussed or referenced in this report, Regeneron's and its collaborators' programs, and the use of human genetics in Regeneron's research programs; • the likelihood and timing of achieving any of our anticipated development milestones referenced in this report; • safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in patients, including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in clinical trials; • the likelihood, timing, and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products, including without limitation those discussed or referenced in this report; • the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by us and/or our collaborators may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials, therapeutic applications, or regulatory approval; • ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products, research and clinical programs, and business, including those relating to patient privacy; • determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict our ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; • competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to, or more cost effective than, Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates (including biosimilar versions of Regeneron's Products); • uncertainty of the utilization, market acceptance, and commercial success of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary) or recommendations and guidelines from governmental authorities and other third parties on the commercial success of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; • our ability to manufacture and manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; • the ability of our collaborators, suppliers, or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, distribution, and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; • the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products from payors, including private payor healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; • coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payors and new policies and procedures adopted by such payors; • changes in laws, regulations, and policies affecting the healthcare industry; • the costs of developing, producing, and selling products or unanticipated expenses; • our ability to meet any of our financial projections or guidance, including without limitation capital expenditures, and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; • the potential for any license or collaboration agreement, including our agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies, as applicable), to be cancelled or terminated; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics on our business; and • risks associated with litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations (including without limitation those described in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report), risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings described further in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report), the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations, and the impact any of the foregoing may have on our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. These statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment, and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any such statements. In evaluating such statements, shareholders and potential investors should specifically consider the various 2 Table of Contents factors identified under Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors," which could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. General Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a fully integrated biotechnology company that invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for people with serious diseases. Our products and product candidates in development are designed to help patients with eye diseases, allergic and inflammatory diseases, cancer, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, neurological diseases, hematologic conditions, infectious diseases, and rare diseases. Our core business strategy is to maintain a strong foundation in scientific research and drug development using our proprietary technologies, and to build on that foundation with our clinical development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Our objective is to continue to advance as an integrated, biotechnology company that provides patients and medical professionals with important medicines for preventing and treating human diseases. Selected financial information is summarized as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2022 Revenues $ 14,202.0 $ 13,117.2 $ 12,172.9 Net income $ 4,412.6 $ 3,953.6 $ 4,338.4 Net income per share - diluted $ 38.34 $ 34.77 $ 38.22 For purposes of this report, references to our products encompass products commercialized by us and/or our collaborators or licensees and references to our product candidates encompass product candidates in development by us and/or our collaborators or licensees (in the case of collaborated or licensed products or product candidates under the terms of the applicable collaboration or license agreements), unless otherwise stated or required by the context. Products Products that have received marketing approval are summarized in the table below. Certain products have also received marketing approval in countries outside the United States, European Union ("EU"), or Japan. Product Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan EYLEA HD ® (aflibercept) Injection 8 mg (a) Wet macular degeneration ("wAMD") a a a Diabetic macular edema ("DME") a a a Diabetic retinopathy ("DR") a EYLEA ® (aflibercept) Injection (a) wAMD a a a DME a a a DR a Macular edema following retinal vein occlusion ("RVO"), which includes macular edema following central retinal vein occlusion ("CRVO") and macular edema following branch retinal vein occlusion ("BRVO") a a a Myopic choroidal neovascularization ("mCNV") a a Neovascular glaucoma ("NVG") a Retinopathy of prematurity ("ROP") a a a Dupixent ® (dupilumab) Injection (b) Atopic dermatitis (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics aged 6 months and older) a a a Asthma (in adults and adolescents) a a a 3 Table of Contents Product (continued) Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan Dupixent (dupilumab) Injection (b) (continued) Asthma (in pediatrics 6–11 years of age) a a Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis ("CRSwNP") (in adults) a a a CRSwNP (in adolescents) a Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ("COPD") a a Eosinophilic esophagitis ("EoE") (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics aged 1 year and older) a a Prurigo nodularis a a a Chronic spontaneous urticaria ("CSU") (in adults and adolescents) a Libtayo ® (cemiplimab) Injection Metastatic or locally advanced cell lung cancer ("NSCLC") a a Metastatic or locally advanced NSCLC (in combination with chemotherapy) a a Metastatic or locally advanced basal cell carcinoma ("BCC") a a Metastatic or locally advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma ("CSCC") a a Metastatic or recurrent cervical cancer a a Praluent ® (alirocumab) Injection (c) in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia ("HeFH") or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease ("ASCVD") a a HeFH in pediatrics and adolescents (8–17 years of age) a a Cardiovascular risk reduction in patients with established cardiovascular disease a a Homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia ("HoFH") a Kevzara ® (sarilumab) Injection (b) Rheumatoid arthritis ("RA") a a a Polymyalgia rheumatica ("PMR") a a Polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis ("pJIA") a a ®(d) a a Evkeeza ® (evinacumab) Injection (e) HoFH (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics) a a a Ordspono ™ (odronextamab) Follicular lymphoma ("FL") a Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma ("DLBCL") a Inmazeb ® (atoltivimab, maftivimab, and odesivimab) Injection Infection caused by Zaire ebolavirus a Veopoz ® (pozelimab) Injection CD55-deficient enteropathy ("CHAPLE") (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics aged 1 year and older) a 4 Table of Contents Product (continued) Disease Territory U.S. EU Japan ARCALYST ® (rilonacept) Injection (f) periodic syndromes ("CAPS"), including familial cold syndrome ("FCAS") and syndrome ("MWS") (in adults and adolescents) a Deficiency of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist ("DIRA") (in adults, adolescents, and pediatrics) a Recurrent pericarditis (in adults and adolescents) a ZALTRAP ® ( ) Injection for Intravenous Infusion (g) Metastatic colorectal cancer ("mCRC") a a a Note: Refer to table below (net product sales of products) for information regarding whether net product sales for a particular product are recorded by us or others. In addition, unless otherwise noted, products in the table above are generally approved for use in adults in the diseases. (a) In collaboration with Bayer outside the United States. Aflibercept 8 mg is known as EYLEA HD in the United States and EYLEA 8 mg in other countries. (b) In collaboration with Sanofi (c) The Company is solely responsible for the development and commercialization of Praluent in the United States and Sanofi is responsible for the development and commercialization of Praluent outside the United States. (d) In collaboration with Roche. Product is known as in the United States and Ronapreve ™ in other countries. (e) The Company is solely responsible for the development and commercialization of Evkeeza in the United States and Ultragenyx is responsible for the development and commercialization of Evkeeza outside the United States. (f) Kiniksa is solely responsible for the development and commercialization of ARCALYST. (g) Sanofi is solely responsible for the development and commercialization of ZALTRAP. 5 Table of Contents The table below includes net product sales of products. Such net product sales are recorded by us or others, as further described in the footnotes to the table. We believe the information in the table is useful to investors as it demonstrates our pipeline productivity and our ability to innovate, discover, and develop new products, and bring those products to market either alone or based on contractual arrangements with other parties, which has a direct impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The table also shows the degree to which we, a collaborator, and/or a licensee is currently commercializing the products discovered by Regeneron. In addition, this information allows management and investors to assess the commercial trends and developments impacting products. In arrangements where our collaborator or licensee is currently commercializing such products and is recording net product sales as a result, the net product sales shown in the table also are an important metric for management's review and assessment of (i) the revenues we record for our share of profits and/or royalties from such sales and (ii) the impact of our obligation to supply commercial product to certain of these collaborators or licensees. Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 (In millions) U.S. ROW (g) Total U.S. ROW Total U.S. ROW Total EYLEA HD and EYLEA (a) $ 5,968.2 $ 3,576.8 $ 9,545.0 $ 5,885.4 $ 3,495.2 $ 9,380.6 $ 6,264.6 $ 3,382.8 $ 9,647.4 Dupixent (b) $ 10,398.7 $ 3,749.3 $ 14,148.0 $ 8,855.6 $ 2,732.5 $ 11,588.1 $ 6,668.0 $ 2,013.2 $ 8,681.2 Libtayo (c) $ 787.3 $ 429.5 $ 1,216.8 $ 538.8 $ 330.0 $ 868.8 $ 374.5 $ 203.5 $ 578.0 Praluent (d) $ 241.7 $ 523.3 $ 765.0 $ 182.4 $ 456.5 $ 638.9 $ 130.0 $ 337.4 $ 467.4 Kevzara (b) $ 270.2 $ 188.5 $ 458.7 $ 214.7 $ 171.2 $ 385.9 $ 199.7 $ 158.3 $ 358.0 (e) $ — $ 3.5 $ 3.5 $ — $ 618.8 $ 618.8 $ — $ 1,769.6 $ 1,769.6 Other products (f) $ 202.9 $ 86.5 $ 289.4 $ 150.5 $ 67.4 $ 217.9 $ 56.1 $ 69.1 $ 125.2 (a) We record net product sales of EYLEA HD and EYLEA in the United States, and Bayer records net product sales outside the United States. We record our share of profits in connection with sales outside the United States within Collaboration revenue; refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues - Bayer Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (b) Sanofi records global net product sales of Dupixent and Kevzara, and we record our share of profits in connection with global sales of such products within Collaboration revenue. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues - Sanofi Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (c) We record global net product sales of Libtayo and pay Sanofi a royalty on such sales. Prior to July 1, 2022, Sanofi recorded net product sales of Libtayo outside the United States. Included in this line item for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is approximately $6 million and $34 million, respectively, of net product sales recorded by Sanofi in connection with sales in certain markets outside the United States (Sanofi recorded net product sales in such markets during a transition period). (d) We record net product sales of Praluent in the United States. Sanofi records net product sales of Praluent outside the United States and pays us a royalty on such sales, which is recorded within Other revenue. (e) Roche records net product sales outside the United States and we record our share of gross profits from sales, which is recorded within Collaboration revenue. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -Results of Operations - Revenues - Roche Collaboration Revenue" for such amounts. (f) Included in this line item are products which are sold by us and others. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Revenues" for a complete listing of net product sales recorded by us. Not included in this line item are net product sales of ARCALYST, which are recorded by Kiniksa. (g) Rest of world ("ROW") Programs in Clinical Development Product candidates in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical development, which are being developed by us and/or our collaborators, are summarized in the table below. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development (including any studies), uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, changes in regulatory requirements, changes to drug pricing and reimbursement regulations and requirements, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. Refer to Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for a description of risks and uncertainties that may affect our clinical programs. Any of such risks and uncertainties may, among other matters, negatively impact the development timelines set forth in the table below. 6 Table of Contents Clinical Program Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2024 and 2025 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Ophthalmology EYLEA HD (aflibercept) 8 mg (a) –RVO – data for wAMD and DME (U.S.) – syringe (U.S.) –Approved by European Commission ("EC") and Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare ("MHLW") for wAMD and DME – syringe approved by European Medicines Agency ("EMA") –Presented positive data from extension study of Phase 3 DME trial at American Academy of Ophthalmology ("AAO") Annual Meeting –Reported that Phase 3 QUASAR trial in RVO met its primary endpoint –U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") decision on supplemental Biologics License Application ("sBLA") with data for wAMD and DME (target action date of April 20, 2025) –FDA decision for syringe ( ) –Submit sBLA for RVO (first quarter 2025) –Submit sBLA for every 4-week dosing regimen (first quarter 2025) Pozelimab (f) (REGN3918) Antibody to C5 –Geographic atrophy, cemdisiran combination (l) Immunology & Inflammation Dupixent (dupilumab) (b) Antibody to alpha subunit –Ulcerative colitis –Asthma in pediatrics (2–5 years of age) –Bullous pemphigoid (c) –CSU –Chronic pruritus of unknown origin ("CPUO") –Lichen simplex chronicus –COPD with type 2 inflammatory phenotype (Japan) –CSU in adults and adolescents (U.S. and EU) –Bullous pemphigoid (U.S.) –Approved by FDA for CRSwNP in adolescents –Approved by FDA and EC for EoE in pediatrics (1–11 years of age) –EMA's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ("CHMP") adopted positive opinion for EoE in pediatrics (1–11 years of age) –Results from Phase 3 trial in pediatrics (1–11 years of age) with EoE published in New England Journal of Medicine (" NEJM ") –MHLW decision on regulatory submission for COPD (first half 2025) –FDA decision on sBLA (target action date of April 18, 2025) and EC decision on regulatory submission (first half 2025) for CSU in adults and adolescents –FDA decision on sBLA for bullous pemphigoid (second half 2025) –Submit regulatory application in the EU for bullous pemphigoid (first half 2025) 7 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2024 and 2025 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Dupixent (dupilumab) (b) (continued) –Approved by MHLW for CSU in adults and adolescents –Reported that second Phase 3 trial in CSU in patients met its primary and key secondary endpoints –Approved by FDA, EC, and National Medical Products Administration ("NMPA") in China for uncontrolled COPD and an eosinophilic phenotype –Reported that Phase 3 NOTUS trial in COPD with evidence of type 2 inflammation met its primary and key secondary endpoints; results presented at 2024 American Thoracic Society International Conference and published in NEJM –Reported that Phase 3 trial in bullous pemphigoid met its primary and all key secondary endpoints –Reported that first Phase 3 trial in CPUO did not achieve statistical significance in its primary itch responder endpoint Kevzara (sarilumab) (b) Antibody to –Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis ("sJIA") (pivotal study) –Approved by FDA and EC for pJIA –Approved by EC for PMR 8 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2024 and 2025 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Itepekimab (b) (REGN3500) Antibody to – fibrosis bronchiectasis ("NCFB") –Chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis ("CRSsNP") –COPD (e) –Report results from Phase 3 study in COPD (second half 2025) –Initiate additional Phase 3 studies (first half 2025) REGN5713-5715 therapy to Bet v 1 –Birch allergy REGN1908-1909 (f) therapy to Fel d 1 –Cat allergy Solid Organ Oncology Libtayo (cemiplimab) (g) Antibody to –Neoadjuvant CSCC – NSCLC, BNT116 (i) combination –Neoadjuvant NSCLC –Neoadjuvant hepatocellular carcinoma ("HCC") –Adjuvant CSCC – CSCC (intralesional) – NSCLC, monotherapy and chemotherapy combination (Japan) –Presented positive survival data from Phase 3 NSCLC monotherapy trial at IASLC 2024 World Conference on Lung Cancer –Reported positive interim data from Phase 3 study in adjuvant CSCC –MHLW decision on regulatory submission for NSCLC, monotherapy and chemotherapy combination (second half 2025) –Submit sBLA for adjuvant CSCC (first half 2025) Fianlimab (f) (REGN3767) Antibody to – advanced NSCLC (Phase 2/3) –Perioperative NSCLC –Perioperative melanoma – metastatic melanoma (e) –Adjuvant melanoma –Presented positive data from Phase 1 trial (in combination with Libtayo) in advanced melanoma at European Society for Medical Oncology ("ESMO") Annual Meeting –Initiate Phase 2 study (in combination with Libtayo) in metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (2025) –Report results from Phase 3 study versus pembrolizumab in metastatic melanoma (second half 2025) –Report initial data from Phase 2/3 study in advanced NSCLC (first half 2025) Vidutolimod Immune activator targeting TLR9 –Company discontinued Phase 2 study due to drug supply Ubamatamab (f) (REGN4018) Bispecific antibody targeting MUC16 and CD3 – ovarian cancer –Report additional data from study in ovarian cancer (2025) 9 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2024 and 2025 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Nezastomig (REGN5678) Bispecific antibody targeting PSMA and CD28 –Prostate cancer –Report additional data from study in prostate cancer (2025) REGN7075 Bispecific antibody targeting EGFR and CD28 –Solid tumors –Presented positive results from dose escalation portion of Phase 1/2 trial (in combination with Libtayo) in advanced solid tumors at American Society of Clinical Oncology ("ASCO") 2024 Annual Meeting –Report additional data from study in solid tumors (2025) Davutamig (REGN5093) Bispecific antibody targeting two distinct MET epitopes – advanced NSCLC Hematology Pozelimab (f) (REGN3918) Antibody to C5 –Myasthenia gravis, cemdisiran combination (c)(l) –Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria ("PNH"), cemdisiran combination (c)(l) –Presented positive updated data from Phase 3 trial (in combination with cemdisiran) in PNH at American Society of Hematology ("ASH") Annual Meeting –Report results from Phase 3 cemdisiran combination study in myasthenia gravis (second half 2025) Ordspono (odronextamab) Bispecific antibody targeting CD20 and CD3 –B-cell lymphoma ("B-NHL") (pivotal study) –FL (e) –DLBCL (e) –FL (U.S.) –FDA issued Complete Response Letters ("CRLs") for BLA for relapsed/refractory FL and DLBCL due to enrollment status of confirmatory Phase 3 trials; subsequently resubmitted BLA for FL –Approved by EC for relapsed/refractory FL and DLBCL –Presented new and updated data for several B-NHL subtypes across earlier lines of treatment at ASH Annual Meeting –FDA decision on BLA for relapsed/refractory FL (second half 2025) 10 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2024 and 2025 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Linvoseltamab (f) (REGN5458) Bispecific antibody targeting BCMA and CD3 –Multiple myeloma (pivotal study) (c)(e) –Earlier ( ) multiple myeloma –Monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance ("MGUS") –Light chain amyloidosis ("ALA") –Multiple myeloma (c)(e) –Relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (U.S. and EU) –Resubmitted BLA for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma following resolution of manufacturing issues –Presented 14-month median data from pivotal Phase 1/2 trial in multiple myeloma at European Hematology Association ("EHA") Congress 2024 and published these data in Journal of Clinical Oncology –FDA decision on BLA ( ) and EC decision on regulatory application (first half 2025) for relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma Nexiguran ziclumeran ( , ) (j) TTR gene knockout using CRISPR/Cas9 –Transthyretin amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy (" ") (c) –Hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis with polyneuropathy (" ") (c)(m) REGN9933 Antibody to Factor XI –Thrombosis –Reported positive results from Phase 2 trial in thrombosis –Initiate Phase 3 program (2025) REGN7508 Antibody to Factor XI –Thrombosis –Reported positive results from Phase 2 trial in thrombosis –Initiate Phase 3 program (2025) REGN7257 Antibody to IL2Rg –Aplastic anemia REGN7999 Antibody to TMPRSS6 –Iron overload in Internal Medicine/Genetic Medicines Garetosmab (f) (REGN2477) Antibody to Activin A –Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ("FOP") (c)(d)(e) –Report results from Phase 3 study in FOP (second half 2025) Trevogrumab (f) (REGN1033) Antibody to myostatin (GDF8) –Obesity (n) –Completed enrollment in Phase 2 study in obesity –Report results from Phase 2 study in obesity (second half 2025) 11 Table of Contents Clinical Program (continued) Phase 2 Phase 3 Regulatory Review (h) 2024 and 2025 Events to Date Select Upcoming Milestones Mibavademab (f)(o) (REGN4461) Agonist antibody to leptin receptor ("LEPR") –Generalized lipodystrophy (d)(e) REGN5381 Agonist antibody to NPR1 –Heart failure REGN7544 Antagonist antibody to NPR1 –Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome ("POTS") Rapirosiran ( ) (k) RNAi therapeutic targeting HSD17B13 –Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis ("MASH") gene therapy –Hearing deficit due to variants of the otoferlin gene (c)(m) (Phase 1/2) –Presented updated data from Phase 1/2 trial at American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy ("ASGCT") annual conference –Report additional data from Phase 1/2 study ( ) Note: For purposes of the table above, a program is classified in Phase 2 or 3 clinical development after recruitment for the corresponding study or studies has commenced. (a) In collaboration with Bayer outside the United States (b) In collaboration with Sanofi (c) FDA granted Orphan Drug designation (d) FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation (e) FDA granted Fast Track designation (f) Sanofi did not to or elected not to continue to the product candidate. Under the terms of our agreement, Sanofi is entitled to receive royalties on sales of the product, if any. (g) Studied as monotherapy and in combination with other antibodies and treatments (h) Information in this column captures submissions to U.S., EU, and Japan regulatory authorities (i) BioNTech's BNT116 is an mRNA cancer vaccine. (j) In collaboration with Intellia (k) Alnylam elected to of the product candidate. Under the terms of our agreement, Alnylam is entitled to receive royalties on sales of the product, if any. (l) Under the terms of our license agreement for cemdisiran, Alnylam is entitled to receive royalties on sales (if any), as well as sales milestones. (m) FDA granted Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy ("RMAT") designation (n) Studied in combination with semaglutide with and without garetosmab (o) A Phase 2 study, sponsored by Eli Lilly, is also ongoing and testing the combination of tirzepatide and mibavademab compared with tirzepatide alone in patients with obesity. 12 Table of Contents Additional Information - Clinical Development Programs Linvoseltamab In August 2024, the FDA issued a CRL for the BLA for linvoseltamab in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma that has progressed after at least three prior therapies. The sole approvability issue identified related to findings from a inspection at a fill/finish manufacturer. In January 2025, the Company resubmitted the BLA following resolution of manufacturing issues, and an FDA decision on the BLA is anticipated by . Dupixent In September 2024, the Company and Sanofi announced that the first Phase 3 trial (Study A) of Dupixent in adults with uncontrolled and severe CPUO did not achieve statistical significance in its primary itch responder endpoint (despite favorable numerical improvements), but showed nominally significant improvements in all other itch endpoints. The Dupixent Phase 3 program in CPUO consists of Study A and Study B. Study B recently initiated as a subsequent pivotal trial. Select Clinical Development Updates In 2024, a Phase 1 study of linvoseltamab, in combination with dupilumab, in severe food allergy was initiated. In 2024, a Phase 1 combination cohort of nezastomig and REGN4336 (bispecific antibody targeting PSMA and CD3) in metastatic prostate cancer was initiated. Descriptions of Marketed Products Studied in Additional Indications and Product Candidates in Clinical Development EYLEA HD (aflibercept) 8 mg EYLEA HD is a soluble fusion protein that acts as a vascular endothelial growth factor ("VEGF") inhibitor. Through a novel formulation, it is designed to deliver a concentrated dose of aflibercept to block and PLGF and inhibit the growth of new blood vessels and decrease vascular permeability to treat various retinal diseases, including wAMD, DME, and DR. Dupixent (dupilumab) Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits signaling of the and pathways, and is not an immunosuppressant. and are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that play a major role in atopic dermatitis, asthma, CRSwNP, COPD, EoE, prurigo nodularis, CSU, and potentially other chronic allergic and inflammatory diseases. Kevzara (sarilumab) Kevzara is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to the receptor and inhibits signaling. is an immune system protein produced in increased quantities in patients with RA and has been associated with disease activity, joint destruction, and other systemic problems. Itepekimab Itepekimab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits , a protein that is believed to play a key role in lung inflammation in COPD. REGN5713-5715 REGN5713-5715 is an investigational combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies designed to treat allergic inflammatory conditions caused by the allergen Bet v 1, which is the main allergen responsible for birch pollen allergies. Birch pollen allergy is one of the most common causes of seasonal allergies that occur in the spring, and is also believed to trigger "oral allergy syndrome" food reactions to related allergens found in nuts and fruits such as apples, pears, and cherries. REGN1908-1909 REGN1908-1909 is an investigational combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies that is designed to specifically bind and block the Fel d 1 allergen, thus preventing it from binding and triggering the endogenous antibodies that cause allergies (i.e., immunoglobulin E antibodies). Cat allergy is primarily caused by exposure to Fel d 1, the major allergen in cat dander produced by all cats. 13 Table of Contents Libtayo (cemiplimab) Libtayo is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor on T-cells. The / immune checkpoint pathway is a mechanism by which cancers evade immune destruction. Regeneron is studying Libtayo as monotherapy and in combination with either conventional or novel therapeutic approaches in various solid tumors and blood cancers. It is also being studied in combination with proprietary assets of other companies. Libtayo has also been approved by regulatory authorities in a number of cancer indications, including advanced NSCLC, BCC, CSCC, and cervical cancer. Fianlimab Fianlimab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint receptor on T-cells. In melanoma and NSCLC, expression in the tumor microenvironment may be associated with therapeutic resistance to inhibitors. Fianlimab is being investigated in combination with Libtayo to determine whether concurrent blockade of and can help overcome this resistance and release the brakes on T-cell activation. Pozelimab Pozelimab is a fully human monoclonal antibody designed to block complement factor C5 in order to treat diseases mediated by abnormal complement pathway activity, and is approved by the FDA for CHAPLE. Pozelimab is being studied in investigational combinations with an investigational small interfering RNA ("siRNA") therapy, cemdisiran, in PNH, myasthenia gravis, and geographic atrophy. Ordspono (odronextamab) Odronextamab is a bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to bridge CD20 on cancer cells with CD3-expressing T cells to facilitate local T-cell activation and killing. We are studying odronextamab in several types of B-cell lymphoma. Linvoseltamab Linvoseltamab is an investigational bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to bind to CD3 while also binding and bridging T-cells to the BCMA protein on multiple myeloma cells. We are studying whether linvoseltamab may help to activate T-cells via their CD3 receptors and trigger targeted, T-cell mediated killing of multiple myeloma. We are also studying linvoseltamab in precursor conditions to multiple myeloma, including MGUS and smoldering myeloma. is an investigational therapy to be systemically delivered to edit genes inside the human body and is being studied as a treatment for ATTR amyloidosis. ATTR amyloidosis is a progressive and fatal disorder resulting from deposition of insoluble amyloid fibrils into multiple organs and tissues leading to systemic failure. Delivered with in vivo technology, offers the possibility of halting and reversing the disease by driving a deep, consistent, and potentially lifelong reduction in transthyretin ("TTR") protein after a single dose. Garetosmab Garetosmab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to and neutralizes Activin A, which drives the abnormal bone formation that is the main pathology of the genetic disorder FOP. This abnormal bone formation in soft tissue outside of the normal skeleton, a process known as heterotopic ossification, leads to loss of mobility and premature death in FOP patients. Garetosmab is being investigated to determine whether it can help reduce and/or prevent the formation of heterotopic bone lesions by neutralizing the Activin A protein. Mibavademab Mibavademab is an investigational, fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates the leptin receptor, which modulates the control of food intake, energy expenditure, and glucose/lipid metabolism. We are studying mibavademab as a potential treatment for generalized lipodystrophy. Other Programs Our preclinical research programs include the areas of oncology/ , angiogenesis, ophthalmology, metabolic and related diseases, muscle diseases and disorders, inflammation and immune diseases, bone and cartilage, pain and neurobiology, auditory conditions, enzyme replacement therapy, cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and diseases related to aging. These preclinical research programs include both rare diseases and those involving broader populations. 14 Table of Contents Research and Development Technologies Many proteins that play an important role in biology and disease are secreted by cells or located on the cell surface. Moreover, cells communicate through secreted factors and surface molecules. Our scientists have developed two different technologies to make protein therapeutics that potently and specifically block, activate, or inhibit the action of specific cell surface or secreted molecules. The first technology fuses receptor components to the constant region of an antibody molecule to make a class of drugs we call "Traps." EYLEA HD, EYLEA, ZALTRAP, and ARCALYST are drugs generated using our Trap technology. VelociSuite ® is our second technology platform, which is used for discovering, developing, and producing fully human antibodies that can address both secreted and targets. We also leverage VelociSuite to produce new classes of bispecific antibodies. Additionally, we use genetic medicine platforms as complementary approaches to these core technologies to potentially treat or cure diseases. VelociSuite VelociSuite consists of VelocImmune ® , VelociGene ® , VelociMouse ® , VelociMab ® , ® , VelociT ® , VelociHum ® , and other related technologies. The VelocImmune mouse platform is utilized to produce fully human antibodies. VelocImmune was generated by leveraging our VelociGene technology (see below), in a process in which six megabases of mouse immunoglobulin gene loci were replaced, or "humanized," with corresponding human immunoglobulin gene loci. VelocImmune mice can be used efficiently to generate fully human antibodies to targets of therapeutic interest. VelocImmune and our entire VelociSuite offer the potential to increase the speed and efficiency through which human antibody therapeutics may be discovered and validated, thereby improving the overall efficiency of our drug development activities. We are utilizing the VelocImmune technology to produce our next generation of therapeutic antibody drug candidates for preclinical and clinical development. Our VelociGene platform allows custom and precise manipulation of very large sequences of DNA to produce highly customized alterations of a specified target gene, or genes, and accelerates the production of and transgenic expression models. In producing models, a color or fluorescent marker may be substituted in place of the actual gene sequence, allowing for visualization of precisely where the gene is active in the body during normal body functioning as well as in disease processes. For the optimization of preclinical development and pharmacology programs, VelociGene offers the opportunity to humanize targets by replacing the mouse gene with the human homolog or variants thereof. Thus, VelociGene allows scientists to rapidly identify the physical and biological effects of deleting or the target gene, as well as to characterize and test potential therapeutic molecules. Our VelociMouse technology platform allows for the direct and immediate generation of genetically altered mice from embryonic stem cells ("ES cells"), thereby avoiding the lengthy process involved in generating and breeding knockout mice from chimeras. Mice generated through this method are normal and healthy and exhibit a 100% transmission. Furthermore, mice developed using our VelociMouse technology are suitable for direct phenotyping or other studies. We have also developed our VelociMab platform for the rapid screening of antibodies and rapid generation of expression cell lines for our Traps and our VelocImmune human antibodies. We have utilized our VelociSuite technologies to develop a class of potential drug candidates, known as bispecific antibodies. allows for the generation of bispecific antibodies similar to native antibodies that are amenable to production by standard antibody manufacturing techniques, and are likely to have favorable pharmacokinetic properties. In the area of immunotherapies in oncology, we are exploring the use of bispecific antibodies that target tumor antigens and the CD3 receptor on T-cells to harness the oncolytic properties of T-cells. We are exploring additional indications and applications for our bispecific technologies, including CD28 and 4-1BB costimulatory bispecifics. We are also exploring a variety of alternative antibody formats (Altibodies ™ ) that can bring binding partners together in restrained geometries. The VelociT mouse extends our research and drug discovery capabilities into immunity and therapeutic T-cell receptors ("TCRs") for oncology and other indications. VelociT was developed by using our VelociGene technology to humanize genes encoding TCRα and TCRβ variable sequences, CD4 and CD8 , β2m, and and -II major histocompatibility complexes. As a result, VelociT mice can be utilized to produce fully human TCRs, providing for customized modeling of T-cell function in different diseases and a powerful platform for the discovery of unique therapies. We are also able to produce antibodies that recognize intracellular peptides bound in the groove of human leukocyte antigen ("HLA"), enabling the targeting of intracellular proteins in cancer cells. VelociHum is our immunodeficient mouse platform that can be used to accurately test human therapeutics against human immune cells and to study human tumor models. Through genetic humanizations, VelociHum mice have been optimized to allow for better development of human immune cells in vivo , as well as to allow for engraftment of primary tumors that do not take in other commercially available mice. 15 Table of Contents Regeneron Genetics Center ® Regeneron Genetics Center LLC (RGC ® ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., leverages clinical, genomic, and other types of molecular data from properly consented human volunteers from around the world to identify medically relevant associations in a blinded fashion designed to preserve a patient's privacy while uncovering the unique characteristics of their health and wellness. The objective of RGC is to expand the use of human genetics for discovering and validating genetic factors that cause or influence a range of diseases where there are major unmet medical needs, with the prospect of improving the drug discovery and development process and to advance innovation in clinical care design. RGC is undertaking multiple collaborative approaches to study design and implementation, including large efforts that engage study participants to more discrete disease specific and founder populations with data on strategic phenotypes of interest. RGC utilizes laboratory automation and innovative approaches to cloud computing to achieve throughput, attaining nearly 3 million samples sequenced to date. In January 2025, it was announced that RGC was selected by UK Biobank consortium members to complete proteomic assay data generation for the recently announced UK Biobank Pharma Proteomics Project. In January 2025, RGC entered into an agreement with Truveta Inc. pursuant to which RGC will sequence exomes and conduct genotyping and imputation of up to ten million consented volunteers using biospecimens provided by Truveta health system members across the United States. In addition, central to the ongoing work of RGC is the portfolio of collaborations with over 150 academic and clinical collaborators around the world, including the University of Colorado, Geisinger Health System, Mayo Clinic, University of Pennsylvania, UCLA Medical Center, UK Biobank, University of Oxford, and the University of Cambridge. These collaborations provide access to biological samples and associated phenotype data from properly consented patient volunteers for purposes of genomic research. RGC undertakes genetic sequencing of these samples to create a unique resource of genetic data and associated phenotype data for research. Furthermore, RGC has deployed bulk RNA sequencing, whole genome sequencing, and an O-LINK proteomic assay to complement whole exome sequencing and genotyping. In addition, RGC leverages organoid models, siRNA, and CRISPR knockout models to validate genetic associations that lead to new therapeutic targets. RGC continues to publish results from its research efforts in journals and publications in partnership with its collaborators to advance the field of genomics. These efforts at RGC have led to the identification of more than 30 novel genetic targets. Through our Regeneron Genetics Medicines initiative, we are currently advancing these targets using either our VelociSuite technologies or other technologies, such as siRNA gene silencing, genome editing, and targeted gene delivery and expression. See the "Collaboration, License, and Other Agreements" section below for descriptions of our collaborations with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. Collaboration, License, and Other Agreements Sanofi We are collaborating with Sanofi on the global development and commercialization of Dupixent, Kevzara, and itepekimab (the "Antibody Collaboration"). Under the terms of the Antibody Collaboration, Sanofi is generally responsible for funding 80% to 100% of development costs. We are obligated to reimburse Sanofi for 30% to 50% of worldwide development expenses that were funded by Sanofi based on our share of collaboration profits; however, we are only required to apply 20% of our share of profits from the collaboration each calendar quarter to reimburse Sanofi for these development expenses. As of December 31, 2024, the total amount of our contingent reimbursement obligation (i.e., "development balance") to Sanofi in connection with such development expenses was approximately $1.635 billion. Under our collaboration agreement, Sanofi records product sales for commercialized products, and Regeneron has the right to such products on a basis. We Dupixent in the United States and in certain countries outside the United States. We supply certain commercial bulk product to Sanofi. We and Sanofi equally share profits from sales within the United States, and share profits outside the United States on a sliding scale based on sales starting at 65% (Sanofi)/35% (us) and ending at 55% (Sanofi)/45% (us). 16 Table of Contents Bayer We and Bayer are parties to a license and collaboration agreement for the global development and commercialization of EYLEA 8 mg and EYLEA outside the United States. development expenses incurred by the Company and Bayer are generally shared equally. Bayer is responsible for commercialization activities outside the United States, and the companies share equally in profits from such sales. We are obligated to reimburse Bayer for 50% of the development costs that it has incurred under the agreement from our share of the collaboration profits. The reimbursement payment in any quarter will equal 5% of the then outstanding repayment obligation, but never more than our share of the collaboration profits in the quarter unless we elect to reimburse Bayer at a faster rate. Within the United States, we retain exclusive commercialization rights and are entitled to all profits from such sales. Alnylam In 2019, we and Alnylam entered into a collaboration to discover, develop, and commercialize RNAi therapeutics for a broad range of diseases by addressing therapeutic disease targets expressed in the eye and central nervous system ("CNS"), in addition to a select number of targets expressed in the liver. For each program, we provide Alnylam with a specified amount of funding at program initiation and at lead candidate designation. During 2023, we paid a $100.0 million development milestone to Alnylam (in connection with a CNS program) and Alnylam is eligible to receive an additional $100.0 million clinical milestone in connection with an eye program. Under the terms of the collaboration, the parties perform discovery research until designation of lead candidates. Following designation of a lead candidate, the parties may further advance such lead candidate under either a / collaboration agreement (" Collaboration Agreement") or a license agreement structure. The initial target nomination and discovery period of five years has been automatically extended until the earlier of seven years from the effective date of the collaboration or the achievement of certain milestones (the "Research Term"). In addition, we have an option to extend the Research Term for an additional period for a research extension fee of $300.0 million. For CNS programs and liver programs, under a Collaboration Agreement, the party designated as the lead party will lead development and commercialization of the program and the parties will split profits and share costs equally, subject to certain at specified clinical trial phases or under other conditions. Under a license agreement, the lead party is designated as the licensee and has the right to develop and commercialize the collaboration product under such program. The licensee will be responsible for its own costs and expenses incurred. The licensee will pay to the licensor certain development and/or commercialization milestone payments, as well as certain tiered royalty payments to the licensor based on the aggregate annual net sales of the collaboration product. We have entered into various license agreements with Alnylam, with us as the licensee, including for cemdisiran as a monotherapy and for a combination consisting of cemdisiran and pozelimab. During the second quarter of 2024, we elected to no longer pursuant to a Collaboration Agreement; as a result, Alnylam retains the right to develop and commercialize such product and we will receive a royalty on sales (if any). Intellia We and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. are parties to a license and collaboration agreement to advance CRISPR/Cas9 technology for in vivo therapeutic development. , which is in clinical development, is subject to a and arrangement pursuant to which Intellia will lead development and commercialization activities and the parties share an percentage of development expenses and profits (if commercialized). In addition, we also have rights to independently develop and commercialize ex vivo gene edited products. In September 2023, we expanded the license and collaboration agreement to develop additional in vivo gene editing therapies focused on neurological and muscular diseases. Intellia will lead the design of the editing methodology, we will lead the design of the targeted viral vector delivery approach, and the parties share costs equally. Each company will have the opportunity to lead potential development and commercialization of product candidates for one target, and the company that is not leading development and commercialization will have the option to enter into a and agreement for the target. In addition, in October 2023, we elected to extend the period for selecting targets under the license and collaboration agreement for an additional two years until April 2026; as a result, we made a $30.0 million extension payment to Intellia. 17 Table of Contents In March 2024, Intellia elected to of further development activities pursuant to the Factor IX and agreement; as a result, we retain the right to develop and commercialize products directed to Factor IX (which is currently in Phase 1 clinical development), and Intellia will be entitled to receive milestone payments and royalties on sales (if any). Decibel In 2017, we entered into an agreement with Decibel Therapeutics, Inc. to discover and develop new potential therapeutics to protect, repair and restore hearing (including , which is currently in clinical development, and preclinical programs for GJB2-related and stereocilin-related hearing loss). In 2023, we acquired Decibel by paying $101.3 million in cash (or $4.00 per share of Decibel common stock). In addition, Decibel shareholders received one contingent value right ("CVR") per share of Decibel common stock, entitling them to receive up to an additional $3.50 per share in cash upon achievement of certain development milestones for within specified time periods. During 2024, the first and second (final) development milestones contemplated by the CVRs were achieved. As a result, we have paid an aggregate amount of $97.1 million, which was the maximum amount that holders of the CVRs were entitled to receive (including the payment in respect of the second development milestone made in 2025). 2seventy bio In 2018, we entered into a collaboration agreement with bluebird bio, Inc. (which subsequently spun out 2seventy bio, Inc. in 2021) to research, develop, and commercialize novel cell therapy approaches to address cancer. In April 2024, we acquired full development and commercialization rights to 2seventy bio's oncology and autoimmune preclinical and clinical stage cell therapy pipeline. Under the terms of the agreement, we made a $5.0 million payment, and have assumed ongoing program, infrastructure, and personnel costs related to the product candidates acquired. We are obligated to pay 2seventy bio a regulatory milestone upon the first major market approval of the first approved product; and, with respect to any approved product, a low percent royalty on sales. In addition, we separately entered into sublease agreements for a portion of 2seventy bio's facilities. Manufacturing We currently manufacture bulk drug materials and products at our manufacturing facilities in Rensselaer, New York and Limerick, Ireland. These facilities consist of owned and leased manufacturing, office, laboratory, and warehouse space. In addition, we have constructed a fill/finish facility in Rensselaer, New York that is undergoing process validation as required by regulatory authorities. We currently have approximately 100,000 liters of cell culture capacity at our Rensselaer facility and approximately 120,000 liters of cell culture capacity at our Limerick facility. Each of these facilities is approved by the FDA and certain other regulatory agencies to manufacture our bulk drug materials and products. Certain bulk drug materials and products are also manufactured by our collaborators, and certain raw materials or products necessary for the manufacture and formulation of our products and product candidates are provided by unaffiliated suppliers. In addition, we rely on our collaborators or third parties to perform packaging, filling, finishing, labeling, distribution, laboratory testing, and other services related to the manufacture of our products and product candidates. See Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Manufacturing and Supply" for further information. Among the conditions for marketing approval of a new drug or biologic product is the requirement that the prospective manufacturer's quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to the good manufacturing practice ("GMP") regulations of the health authority. In complying with standards set forth in these regulations, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality control to ensure full technical compliance. Manufacturing establishments, both foreign and domestic, are also subject to inspections by or under the authority of the FDA and by other national, federal, state, and local agencies. Commercial Our medicines are marketed through our commercial group, which includes experienced professionals in the fields of marketing, sales, professional education, patient education, reimbursement and market access, trade and distribution, commercial operations, commercial analytics, and market research. 18 Table of Contents In the United States, we sell our marketed products primarily to wholesalers and specialty distributors that serve pharmacies, hospitals, government agencies, physicians, and other healthcare providers. We had sales to two customers (Besse Medical, a subsidiary of Cencora, Inc., and McKesson Corporation) that each accounted for more than 10% of total gross product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. On a combined basis, our product sales to these customers accounted for 74% of our total gross product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. We promote approved medicines to healthcare professionals via our team of field employees, as well as medical journals, medical exhibitions, distribution of literature and samples, and online channels. In addition, we advertise certain products directly to consumers and maintain websites with information about our medicines. The commercial group also evaluates opportunities for our targets and product candidates and prepares for market launches of new medicines. We have established certain commercial capabilities outside the United States in connection with Dupixent in accordance with our Sanofi collaboration and with obtaining the rights, in 2022, to commercialize Libtayo outside the United States. Competition We face substantial competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our ability to compete depends, to a great extent, on how fast we can develop safe and effective product candidates, complete clinical testing and approval processes, and supply commercial quantities of the product to the market. Competition among products approved for sale is based on efficacy, safety, reliability, ease of administration, dosing frequency, availability, price, patent and other intellectual property position, and other factors. Marketed Products The table below provides an overview of the current competitive landscape for key products marketed by us and/or our collaborators in such products' currently approved indications. The table below is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not exhaustive. For additional information regarding the substantial competition these marketed products face, including potential future competition from product candidates in clinical development, see also Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Marketed Products, Product Candidates, and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition. " Marketed Product Competitor Product Competitor Indication Territory (a) EYLEA HD and EYLEA (b) Pavblu ® (aflibercept-ayyh) (biosimilar referencing EYLEA) Amgen Inc. wAMD, DME, macular edema following RVO (including CRVO and BRVO), and DR United States Vabysmo ™ ( ) Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, and macular edema following RVO United States, EU, Japan Avastin ® (bevacizumab) ( and repackaged) Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, and macular edema following RVO United States, EU, Japan Lucentis ® (ranibizumab injection) Novartis AG and Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME, macular edema following RVO (including CRVO and BRVO), DR, mCNV, and ROP United States, EU, Japan Byooviz ™ (ranibizumab-nuna) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Samsung Bioepis Co., Ltd. and Biogen Inc. wAMD, DME, macular edema following RVO (including CRVO and BRVO), DR, and mCNV United States, EU Ximluci ® (ranibizumab) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Xbrane Biopharma AB and STADA Arzneimittel AG wAMD, DME, macular edema following RVO (including CRVO and BRVO), DR, and CNV EU 19 Table of Contents Marketed Product (continued) Competitor Product Competitor Indication Territory (a) EYLEA HD and EYLEA (continued) Cimerli ™ (ranibizumab-eqrn) (biosimilar referencing Lucentis) Formycon AG, Bioeq AG, Sandoz, and Teva Ltd. wAMD, DME, macular edema following RVO (including CRVO and BRVO), DR, and mCNV United States, EU Susvimo ® (ranibizumab ocular implant) Genentech/Roche wAMD, DME United States Beovu ® (brolucizumab) Injection Novartis AG wAMD, DME United States, EU, Japan Ozurdex ® (dexamethasone intravitreal implant) Allergan/AbbVie Inc. DME, RVO United States, EU Iluvien ® (fluocinolone acetonide intravitreal implant) Alimera Sciences, Inc. DME United States, EU Dupixent Ebglyss ® (lebrikizumab) Almirall S.A., Eli Lilly and Company atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Rinvoq ® (upadacitinib) AbbVie atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Nemluvio ® /Mitchga ® (nemolizumab) Galderma; Maruho Co., Ltd./Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. atopic dermatitis, pruritus associated with atopic dermatitis, prurigo nodularis United States, Japan Adbry ™ /Adtralza ® (tralokinumab) LEO Pharma Inc. atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Cibinqo ® (abrocitinib) Pfizer atopic dermatitis United States, EU, Japan Tezspire ™ (tezepelumab-ekko) AstraZeneca/Amgen Asthma United States, EU, Japan Fasenra ® (benralizumab) AstraZeneca Asthma United States, EU, Japan Nucala ® (mepolizumab) GlaxoSmithKline ("GSK") Asthma, nasal polyps United States, EU, Japan Xolair ® (omalizumab) Roche/Novartis Asthma, nasal polyps, CSU United States, EU, Japan Libtayo Keytruda ® (pembrolizumab) Merck & Co., Inc. Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Opdivo ® (nivolumab) Squibb Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Tecentriq ® (atezolizumab) Roche Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Imfinzi ® (durvalumab) AstraZeneca Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Bavencio ® (avelumab) Pfizer/Merck KGaA Various cancers United States, EU, Japan Jemperli ® (dostarlimab) GSK Various cancers United States, EU Unloxcyt™ (cosibelimab) Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. CSCC United States (a) This table focuses on products that have received marketing approval in one or more of the specified indications in the United States, EU, and/or Japan. Certain products listed in this table have also received marketing approval in countries outside the United States, EU, and Japan. (b) In addition to the products listed in this table, certain other biosimilar products referencing EYLEA have received marketing approval in the United States, EU, and/or Japan but have not yet launched in such jurisdictions. The timing of any launch of these biosimilar products will depend on, among other factors, the outcome of the pending patent litigation proceedings described in Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and the expiration of the patents protecting EYLEA (including those set forth under "Patents, Trademarks, and Trade Secrets" below). 20 Table of Contents Product Candidates Our and clinical candidates (including those being developed in collaboration with our collaborators) face competition from many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. For example, we are aware of other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies actively engaged in the research and development of products against targets that are also the targets of our early- and product candidates. These companies are using various technologies in competition with our VelocImmune technology and our other antibody generation technologies, including their own antibody generation technologies and other approaches such as RNAi, chimeric antigen receptor T cell ( cell), and gene therapy technologies. We are also aware of other companies developing or marketing small molecules that may compete with our antibody product candidates in various indications, if such product candidates obtain regulatory approval in those indications. For additional information regarding our product candidates (including those being developed in collaboration with our collaborators) and the substantial competition they face, see also Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Marketed Products, Product Candidates, and New Indications for Our Marketed Products - The commercial success of our products and product candidates is subject to significant competition ." Other Areas Many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies are attempting to discover new therapeutics for indications in which we invest substantial time and resources. In these and related areas, intellectual property rights have been sought and certain rights have been granted to competitors and potential competitors of ours, and we may be at a substantial competitive disadvantage in such areas as a result of, among other things, our inferior intellectual property position or lack of experience, trained personnel, and expertise. A number of corporate and academic competitors are involved in the discovery and development of novel therapeutics that are the focus of other research or development programs we are now conducting. Some of these competitors are currently conducting advanced preclinical and clinical research programs in these areas. These and other competitors also may have established substantial intellectual property and other competitive advantages. If any of these or other competitors announces a successful clinical study involving a product that may be competitive with one of our product candidates or the grant of marketing approval by a regulatory agency for a competitive product, such developments may have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows, or future prospects. We also compete with academic institutions, governmental agencies, and other public or private research organizations, which conduct research, seek patent and other intellectual property protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for the development and marketing of products that would provide royalties or other consideration for use of their technology. These institutions have become more active in seeking patent and other intellectual property protection and licensing arrangements to collect royalties or other consideration for use of the technology they have developed. Products developed in this manner may compete directly with products we develop. We also compete with others in acquiring technology from these institutions, agencies, and organizations. Patents, Trademarks, and Trade Secrets We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, maintain trade secret protection, and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties (see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity - We may be restricted in our development, manufacturing, and/or commercialization activities by patents or other proprietary rights of others, and could be subject to awards of damages if we are found to have infringed such patents or rights "; and Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Our policy is to file patent applications to protect technology, inventions, and improvements that we consider important to our business and operations. We hold an ownership interest in a number of issued patents in the United States and other countries with respect to our products and technologies. In addition, we hold an ownership interest in thousands of patent applications in the United States and other countries. Our patent portfolio includes granted patents and pending patent applications covering our VelociSuite technologies, including our VelocImmune mouse platform which produces fully human antibodies. Our remaining issued patents covering these technologies will expire between 2025 and 2032. However, we continue to file patent applications directed to improvements to these technology platforms. Our patent portfolio also includes issued patents and pending applications relating to commercialized products and our product candidates in clinical development. These patents cover, among other things, proteins, DNA and RNA molecules, manufacturing patents, method of use patents, and pharmaceutical compositions and formulations. 21 Table of Contents The following table describes our U.S. patents, European patents ("EP"), and Japanese patents ("JP") that are of particular relevance to key products marketed or otherwise commercialized by us and/or our collaborators. The noted expiration dates include any patent term adjustments, and certain of these patents may also be entitled to term extensions. We continue to pursue additional patents and patent term extensions in the United States and other jurisdictions covering various aspects of our products that may, if issued, extend exclusivity beyond the expiration of the patents listed in the table below. One or more patents with the same or earlier expiry date may fall under the same "general subject matter class" for certain products and may not be separately listed. We also own various patents with claims relating to methods of making, formulating, and/or using the active molecules contained within our key products, but that do not cover indications, methods of use or processes currently approved by regulatory agencies or used by us and/or our collaborators. Such patents are not listed in the following table. Product Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration EYLEA HD aflibercept (8 mg) US 11,066,458 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,084,865 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,103,552 Formulation May 15, 2039 US 10,828,345 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 12,168,036 Methods of Treatment May 15, 2039 JP 7,235,770 Formulation May 10, 2039 EYLEA (a) aflibercept (2 mg) US 8,092,803 Formulation June 21, 2027 US 11,066,458 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,084,865 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 11,732,024 Formulation June 14, 2027 US 10,828,345 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,559,564 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,707,506 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 US 11,730,794 Methods of Treatment January 11, 2032 EP 1183353 Composition of Matter (Supplementary Protection Certificate) (May 23, 2025) (b) /(November 23, 2025) (c) EP 2364691 Formulation June 14, 2027 EP 2944306 Formulation June 14, 2027 (b) EP 2944306 Formulation (Supplementary Protection Certificate) (May 25, 2028) (b) JP 5,216,002 Formulation February 27, 2028 – October 1, 2029 (d) Dupixent dupilumab US 7,608,693 Composition of Matter March 28, 2031 (e) US 8,735,095 Composition of Matter October 2, 2027 US 8,945,559 Formulation October 17, 2032 US 9,238,692 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 10,435,473 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 11,059,896 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 11,926,670 Formulation October 5, 2031 US 8,075,887 Methods of Treatment April 17, 2028 US 8,337,839 Methods of Treatment October 2, 2027 US 9,290,574 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 US 9,574,004 Methods of Treatment December 22, 2033 US 10,066,017 Methods of Treatment January 21, 2036 US 11,421,036 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 US 10,137,193 Methods of Treatment March 18, 2036 US 10,485,844 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 US 10,059,771 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 US 11,214,621 Methods of Treatment January 21, 2036 22 Table of Contents Product (continued) Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration Dupixent (continued) US 11,167,004 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 US 11,034,768 Methods of Treatment March 28, 2039 US 11,292,847 Methods of Treatment May 10, 2039 US 11,845,800 Methods of Treatment December 22, 2033 US 12,090,201 Methods of Treatment February 3, 2043 EP 2356151 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 (b) EP 2356151 Composition of Matter (Supplementary Protection Certificate) (September 28, 2032) (b )/(March 28, 2033) (c) EP 3715372 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 EP 3010539 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 EP 2888281 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 EP 3064511 Methods of Treatment October 27, 2029 EP 3107575 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 EP 3019191 Methods of Treatment July 10, 2034 EP 3703818 Methods of Treatment October 29, 2038 EP 4011915 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 EP 3515465 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 EP 3889181 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 EP 3973987 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 EP 2624865 Formulation October 5, 2031 EP 3354280 Formulation October 5, 2031 JP 5,291,802 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 – October 27, 2034 (d) JP 5,844,772 Composition of Matter October 27, 2029 – February 22, 2034 JP 5,918,246 Formulation October 5, 2031 – September 14, 2035 (d) JP 6,231,605 Formulation October 5, 2031 – March 3, 2034 JP 6,306,588 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 – August 29, 2034 (d) JP 6,353,838 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 JP 6,673,840 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 JP 6,463,351 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 – September 2, 2035 (d) JP 6,640,977 Methods of Treatment June 20, 2034 – September 6, 2034 JP 6,861,630 Methods of Treatment November 13, 2035 JP 6,893,265 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 JP 7,164,530 Methods of Treatment September 21, 2037 JP 7,216,122 Methods of Treatment November 13, 2035 JP 7,216,157 Methods of Treatment August 20, 2033 JP 7,256,231 Methods of Treatment September 4, 2033 JP 7,315,545 Methods of Treatment October 29, 2038 JP 7,343,547 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2035 Libtayo cemiplimab US 9,987,500 Composition of Matter September 18, 2035 US 10,737,113 Composition of Matter April 10, 2035 US 11,603,407 Formulation March 21, 2038 23 Table of Contents Product (continued) Molecule Territory Patent No. General Subject Matter Class Expiration Libtayo (continued) US 10,457,725 Methods of Treatment May 12, 2037 US 11,292,842 Methods of Treatment July 18, 2038 US 11,505,600 Methods of Treatment July 2, 2038 US 11,926,668 Methods of Treatment February 20, 2038 EP 3097119 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 EP 3606504 Formulation March 23, 2038 EP 3455258 Methods of Treatment May 12, 2037 EP 3932951 Methods of Treatment May 12, 2037 JP 6,425,730 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 – March 15, 2039 (d) JP 6,711,883 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 – August 13, 2037 (d) JP 7,174,009 Composition of Matter January 23, 2035 – March 9, 2035 (d) JP 7,229,171 Formulation March 23, 2038 JP 7,240,512 Methods of Treatment May 25, 2041 (a) See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding inter partes review and review petitions filed in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and patent infringement proceedings relating to EYLEA. (b) Supplementary protection certificates ("SPCs") are pending or have been granted in various European countries, extending the original patent terms in those countries, where granted, to the applicable dates indicated in parentheses. (c) SPC term extensions are pending or have been granted in various European countries based on the completion of a pediatric investigation program, extending the term of the SPC in those countries, where granted, an additional 6 months to the applicable dates indicated in parentheses. (d) The patent term extension ("PTE") system in Japan allows for a patent to be extended more than once provided the later approval is directed to a different indication from that of the previous approval. This may result in multiple PTE approvals for a given patent, each with its own expiration date. In this table, date ranges are shown for the expiration of Japanese patents for which multiple PTEs have been granted, with the later date indicating the latest expiring PTE for the corresponding patent. (e) A patent term extension has been granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, extending the original patent term (October 2, 2027), insofar as it covers Dupixent, to March 28, 2031. In addition to our patent portfolio, in the United States and certain other countries, our competitive position may be enhanced due to the availability of market exclusivity under relevant law (for additional information regarding market exclusivity, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity - Loss or limitation of patent rights, and regulatory pathways for biosimilar competition, have in the past reduced and could reduce in the future the duration of market exclusivity for our products "). The effect of expiration of a patent relating to a particular product also depends upon other factors, such as the nature of the market and the position of the product in it, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of the process for manufacture of the active ingredient of the product, and the requirements of new drug provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act or similar laws and regulations in other countries. We also are the nonexclusive licensee of a number of additional patents and patent applications. These include a license agreement with Squibb, E. R. Squibb & Sons, L.L.C., and Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. to obtain a license under certain patents owned and/or exclusively licensed by one or more of these parties that includes the right to develop and sell Libtayo. Under the agreement, we paid royalties of 8.0% on worldwide sales of Libtayo through December 31, 2023, and are obligated to pay royalties of 2.5% from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026. Patent law relating to the patentability and scope of claims in the biotechnology field is evolving and our patent rights are subject to this additional uncertainty. The degree of patent protection that will be afforded to our products in the United States and other important commercial markets is uncertain and is dependent upon the scope of protection decided upon by the patent offices, courts, and governments in these countries. There is no certainty that our existing patents or others, if obtained, will provide us protection from competition or provide commercial benefit. Others may independently develop similar products or processes to those developed by us, duplicate any of our products or processes or, if patents are issued to us, design around any products and processes covered by our patents. We expect to continue, when appropriate, to file product and process applications with respect to our inventions. However, we may not file any such 24 Table of Contents applications or, if filed, the patents may not be issued. Patents issued to or licensed by us may be infringed by the products or processes of others. We seek to file and maintain trademarks around the world based on commercial activities in most jurisdictions where we have, or desire to have, a business presence for a particular product or service. Trademark protection varies in accordance with local law, and continues 

[truncated]