Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take 
no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or 
completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in 
reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this announcement.
China Hongqiao Group Limited
ʮ̡
(Incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Stock Code: 1378)
POSITIVE PROFIT ALERT
This announcement is made by China Hongqiao Group Limited (the “ Company ”, together with its 
subsidiaries, the “ Group ”) pursuant to Rule 13.09 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities 
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Listing Rules ”) and the provisions of inside 
information under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong 
Kong).
The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company wishes to inform the shareholders of the Company 
(the “Shareholders”) and the potential investors that, based on the data from the unaudited management 
accounts for January to June 2026, the Group’s net profit for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is 
expected to possibly increase by approximately 39% as compared with the corresponding period in 2025, 
mainly due to the increase in the sales prices of the Group’s aluminium alloy products as compared with 
the same period in 2025.
The information contained in this announcement is based solely on the preliminary assessment made 
by the Board based on the information currently available, including the unaudited consolidated 
management accounts of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026, which have not been 
confirmed or reviewed by the auditors of the Company or the audit committee of the Company. The 
detailed financial results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 will be disclosed in the 
interim results announcement of the Group, which is expected to be published by the end of August 
2026.
Shareholders and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the shares of 
the Company.
By order of the Board
China Hongqiao Group Limited
Zhang Bo
Chairman
Shandong, the PRC
10 July 2026
As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises eleven Directors, namely Mr. Zhang Bo, Mr. 
Zhang Jinglei, Ms. Zhang Ruilian and Ms. Wong Yuting as executive Directors, Mr. Yang Congsen, 
Mr. Tu Yikai (Mr. Zhang Hao as his alternate) and Ms. Sun Dongdong as non-executive Directors, and 
Mr. Meng Xianzhong, Mr. Wen Xianjun, Ms. Fu Yulin and Mr. Ma Jin as independent non-executive 
Directors.