consolidated income while we have debt outstanding would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to pay distributions to shareholders and the price of our common stock. On January 24, 2024, the Board, including a “required majority” (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Small Business Credit Availability Act (“SBCAA”). As a result, the Company’s asset coverage requirements for senior securities were changed from 200% to 150%, effective January 24, 2025. As a result, if we comply with certain disclosure requirements, we will be able to incur additional indebtedness, which may increase the risk of investing in us. As of December 31, 2024, we had $600,000 in principal amount of outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Facility, which had an annualized interest cost of 8.91%. For us to cover these annualized interest payments on indebtedness, we must achieve annual returns on our investments of at least 8.91%. Since we pay interest at a floating rate on our Credit Facility, an increase in interest rates will generally increase our borrowing costs. We expect that our annualized interest cost and returns required to cover interest will increase if we issue additional debt securities. In order to assist investors in understanding the effects of leverage, the following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming our asset coverage equals (i) our actual asset coverage as of December 31, 2024, (ii) 200% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024, and (iii) 150% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024, at various annual returns, net of expenses. Leverage generally magnifies the return of shareholders when the portfolio return is positive and magnifies their losses when the portfolio return is negative. Actual returns may be greater or less than those appearing in the table. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing below. 22 Table of Contents Effects of Leverage Based on Actual Amount of Borrowings Incurred by us as of December 31, 2024 Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (net of expenses) (1) -10% -5% 0% 5% 10% 15% Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming actual asset coverage as of December 31, 2024 (2) -11.2 % -5.6 % -0.1 % 5.5 % 11.0 % 16.6 % Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming 200% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024 (3) -28.9 % -18.9 % -8.9 % 1.1 % 11.1 % 21.1 % Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming 150% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024 (4) -47.8 % -32.8 % -17.8 % -2.8 % 12.2 % 27.2 % (1) The assumed portfolio return is required by SEC regulations and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. Actual returns may be greater or less than those appearing in the table. Pursuant to SEC regulations, this table is calculated as of December 31, 2024. As a result, it has not been updated to take into account any changes in assets or leverage since December 31, 2024. (2) In order to compute the “Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming actual asset coverage as of December 31, 2024,” the “Assumed Return on Our Portfolio” is multiplied by the total value of our assets at December 31, 2024, to obtain an assumed return to us. From this amount, the interest expense (calculated by multiplying the weighted average stated interest rate of 8.91% by the $600,000 in principal amount of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2024) is subtracted to determine the return available to shareholders. The return available to shareholders is then divided by the total value of our net assets as of December 31, 2024, to determine the “Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming actual asset coverage as of December 31, 2024.” (3) In order to compute the “Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming 200% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024,” the “Assumed Return on Our Portfolio” is multiplied by the total value of our assets at December 31, 2024, to obtain an assumed return to us. From this amount, the interest expense (calculated by multiplying the weighted average stated interest rate of 8.91% by the approximately $36 million of principal debt outstanding, assuming 200% asset coverage) is subtracted to determine the return available to shareholders. The return available to shareholders is then divided by the total value of our net assets as of December 31, 2024, assuming 200% asset coverage to determine the “Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming 200% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024.” (4) In order to compute the “Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming 150% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024,” the “Assumed Return on Our Portfolio” is multiplied by the total value of our assets at December 31, 2024, to obtain an assumed return to us. From this amount, the interest expense (calculated by multiplying the weighted average stated interest rate of 8.91% by the approximately $48 million of principal debt outstanding, assuming 150% asset coverage) is subtracted to determine the return available to shareholders. The return available to shareholders is then divided by the total value of our net assets as of December 31, 2024, assuming 150% asset coverage to determine the “Corresponding return to a shareholder assuming 150% asset coverage as of December 31, 2024.” Because we often borrow money to make our investments, if there is an increase in market interest rates, our cost of capital under our Credit Facility is likely to also increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Because we often borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds under our Credit Facility (which is variable rate indebtedness) to make an investment and the rate at which we invest those funds (which, with respect to our debt investments, is fixed rate indebtedness). When interest rates increase, our debt service obligations under our Credit Facility increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same. As a result, an increase in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on our net investment income in the event we use debt to finance our investments and those debt investments carry a fixed interest rate. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase with respect to amounts borrowed under our Credit Facility, but the interest income received from our portfolio companies under our fixed interest rate debt investments will remain constant, which has reduced, and could in the future continue to reduce, our net investment income. Legislation allows us to incur additional leverage. Under the 1940 Act, a BDC generally is not permitted to incur borrowings, issue debt securities or issue preferred stock unless immediately after the borrowing or issuance the ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total 23 Table of Contents indebtedness plus preferred stock is at least 200%. However, under the SBCAA, which became law in March 2018, BDCs have the ability to elect to become subject to a lower asset coverage requirement of 150%, subject to the receipt of the requisite board or shareholder approvals under the SBCAA and satisfaction of certain other conditions. On January 24, 2024, the Board, including a “required majority” (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCAA. As a result, the Company’s asset coverage requirements for senior securities were changed from 200% to 150%, effective January 24, 2025. Pursuant to Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the SBCAA, we will be permitted to potentially increase our maximum ratio from an effective level of to . As a result, you may face increased investment risk. We may not be able to implement our strategy to utilize additional leverage successfully. Provisions in our Credit Facility or any other future borrowing facility limit our discretion in operating our business. The Credit Facility is, and any future borrowing facility may be, backed by all of our portfolio company investments on which the lenders will or, in the case of a future facility, may have a security interest. We expect that any security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, including under the Credit Facility, the agent for the lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, any security interests as well as negative covenants under the Credit Facility or any other borrowing facility may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under the Credit Facility or any other borrowing facility were to decrease, we would be required to secure additional assets in an amount equal to any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under the Credit Facility or any other borrowing facility, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to make distributions to shareholders. An event of default under the Credit Facility or any other borrowing facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our liquidity and cash flows and impair our ability to grow our business and maintain our qualification as a RIC. Risks related to our Common Stock East exercises significant influence over us in connection with its ownership of our common stock. East beneficially owns approximately 64% of Rand’s outstanding common stock. As a result, East is able to direct the outcome of any matters submitted for shareholder action, including approval of significant corporate transactions, such as amendments to our governing documents, business combinations, consolidations, and mergers. East has substantial influence on us and could exercise its influence in a manner that conflicts with the interests of other shareholders. The presence of a significant shareholder may also have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or for the Board to discourage a third party from seeking to acquire us. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Shareholder Agreement, East has the right to designate two or three persons, depending upon the size of the Board, for nomination for election to the Board. East has the right to designate (i) up to two persons if the size of the Board is composed of fewer than seven directors; or (ii) up to three persons if the size of the Board is composed of seven or more directors. Under the terms of the Shareholder Agreement, East has designated Adam S. Gusky and Benjamin E. Godley for nomination for election to the Board. The designation right provided to East under the terms of the Shareholder Agreement provides East with a significant presence on the Board and direct influence on matters presented to the Board, although all directors, whether or not nominated by East, owe fiduciary duties to all shareholders. Our shares often trade at a discount to our net asset value. Shares of business development companies may trade at a market price that is less than the net asset value that is attributable to those shares and our shares have often traded at such a discount. Our common stock has continued to trade below our net asset value per share during historical periods and may continue this trend of trading below our net asset value per share during future 24 Table of Contents periods. This characteristic of investment companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share may decline. It is not possible to predict if, or when, our shares will trade at, above, or below net asset value. Investing in our shares may be inappropriate for an investor's risk tolerance. Our investments, in accordance with our investment objective and principal strategies, result in a greater than average amount of risk and volatility and may result in loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies are often highly speculative and aggressive and, therefore, an investment in our shares may not be suitable for investors for whom such risk is inappropriate. Neither our investments nor an investment in our shares constitutes a balanced investment program. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the availability of such securities for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for our common stock. Risks related to U.S. Federal Income Tax In connection with our RIC election, we may not be able to pay distributions to our shareholders, our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. In connection with our RIC election, we intend to continue to pay distributions in the form of cash dividends to our shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution. However, we cannot assure shareholders that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or results in year over year increases in cash distribution amounts. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by, among other things, the impact of one or more of the risk factors described herein. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC can limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our RIC status, compliance with applicable BDC regulations, state corporate law requirements and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure shareholders that we will pay distributions on our common stock in the future. When we make distributions, we are required to determine the extent to which such distributions are paid out of current or accumulated earnings and profits. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a return of capital to the extent of an investor’s basis in our stock and, assuming that an investor holds our stock as a capital asset, thereafter as a capital gain. Generally, a return of capital will reduce an investor’s basis in our stock for federal tax purposes, which will result in higher tax liability when the stock is sold. Shareholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a distribution carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary income or gains. In connection with our RIC Election, we will be subject to income tax if we are unable to satisfy certain RIC qualification requirements under Subchapter M of the Code or do not satisfy the annual distribution requirement. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain RIC status, and we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to maintain qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to satisfy the requirements for RIC tax treatment, we must meet the following annual distribution, income source and asset diversification requirements to be relieved of federal taxes on income and gains distributed to our shareholders. • The annual distribution requirement for a RIC will be satisfied if we distribute to our shareholders on an annual basis at least 90% of our net ordinary income and realized net capital gains in excess of realized net capital losses, if any. If we are unable to obtain cash from sources in order to make these distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax. • The income source requirement will only be satisfied if we obtain at least 90% of our income for each year from dividends, interest, gains from the sale of stock or securities or similar sources. • The asset diversification requirement will only be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. To satisfy this requirement, at least 50% of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other regulated investment companies, and investments in other securities that, with respect to one issuer, do not represent more than 5% of our total assets or 10% of the voting securities of the issuer; and no more than 25% of the value of our assets can be invested in the securities, other than U.S. Government securities or securities of other regulated investment companies, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of 25 Table of Contents certain “qualified publicly traded partnerships.” Failure to meet these requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of regulated investment company status. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. If we fail to satisfy certain RIC qualification requirements under Subchapter M of the Code or to meet the annual distribution requirement for any reason and are subject to U.S. federal income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions, if any. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our shareholders. In connection with our RIC Election, we may have difficulty paying required distributions to shareholders if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. In connection with our RIC Election, we are required to distribute annually at least 90% of our ordinary income and realized net capital gains in excess of realized net capital losses to maintain our eligibility for RIC tax treatment. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we include in taxable income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contracted (“PIK”) interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term. The increases in loan balances as a result of contracted PIK arrangements are included in income in advance of receiving cash payment and are separately identified on our consolidated statements of cash flows. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash. Any warrants that we receive in connection with our debt investments will generally be valued as part of the negotiation process with the particular portfolio company. As a result, a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the debt investments and warrants will be allocated to the warrants that we receive. This will generally result in our debt instruments having original issue discount (“OID”) for tax purposes, which we must recognize as ordinary income as such original issue discount accrues regardless of whether we have received any corresponding payment of such discount. Other features of debt instruments that we hold may also cause such instruments to generate original issue discount. Since in certain cases we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we could have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90% of our ordinary income and realized net capital gains in excess of realized net capital losses to maintain our eligibility for RIC tax treatment. Accordingly, we may have to use cash on hand or sell some of our assets, raise additional equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand or are unable to obtain cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus may become subject to income tax. Item 1B. Unres olved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Assessment, Identification and Management of Material Risks from Cybersecurity We recognize the importance of maintaining cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information systems and to protect the confidentiality and availability of information located on our information systems. Given this importance, we have integrated the consideration of operational risks related to cybersecurity into our enterprise risk management program, which is reviewed and updated annually and the results of this review are presented to the Board. Given the size and scope of our operations, RCM and our officers use a IT service provider to assist the Corporation in assessing, identifying and managing the material risks from cybersecurity threats to the Corporation and in administering our IT systems. We believe that our IT service provider has sufficient knowledge, experience and capabilities to effectively assist the Corporation on cybersecurity matters. The Corporation’s cybersecurity risk management systems processes, which are formalized in the Corporation’s cybersecurity risk management policy, include security controls, monitoring systems, tools and related services, and oversight from each of RCM, our officers and our IT service provider in assessing, identifying and managing risks from cybersecurity threats. The Corporation, through our IT service provider, has implemented and expects to continue to implement controls designed to prevent, detect and respond to information security threats. We rely on these controls to help us protect our information, our information systems, and the information of third parties who entrust us with their sensitive information. 26 Table of Contents The Corporation’s cybersecurity risk management policies include physical, administrative and technical safeguards, as well as plans and procedures designed to help the Corporation seek to prevent and effectively respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents, including threats or incidents that may impact us or RCM. In addition, our cybersecurity risk management program includes periodic identification and testing of our vulnerabilities and cybersecurity awareness training. Finally, our Chief Compliance Officer conducts an annual due diligence review, including as to cybersecurity matters, of those service providers that have possession of the Corporation’s material information and reports the results of those assessments to the Board. In the event of a cybersecurity incident impacting us, the Corporation’s cybersecurity risk management policy provides processes for responding to such an incident and facilitates coordination among the Corporation’s officers and our IT service provider. Depending on the nature of the incident, it may also be reported to the Board, if appropriate. Material Impact of Cybersecurity Risks In the last three fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 , we have not experienced a material information security breach incident , and we are not aware of any cybersecurity risks that are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, future incidents could have a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. For additional discussion of the risks posed by cybersecurity threats, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks related to our Business and Structure — We are subject to cybersecurity risks and incidents that may adversely affect our operations, the operations of RCM or the companies in which we invest. A failure in our, or RCM’s, cybersecurity systems could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our business relationships, compromise or corrupt our confidential information and ultimately negatively impact business, financial condition and operating results.” Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks Our cybersecurity program is managed by the officers of Rand and RCM, and is primarily administered by our experienced IT service provider. The officers of Rand and our IT service provider are in regular communications as a means to discuss and determine actions to be taken by the Corporation with respect to our ongoing cybersecurity risk mitigation efforts. The Board, as a whole, rather than any committee of the Board, has responsibility for oversight and review of cybersecurity matters with respect to the Corporation, including the risks from cybersecurity threats to the Corporation. Our Chief Compliance Officer reports to the Board on a basis, or more frequently if necessary, on cybersecurity matters and developments applicable to the Corporation . In addition, the Board also receives periodic reports from the Corporation’s IT service provider. These reports, whether from the Chief Compliance Officer or the Corporation’s IT service provider, include updates on the Corporation’s cybersecurity programs, the external threat environment, and the Corporation’s programs and processes to address and mitigate the risks associated with the evolving cybersecurity threat environment. In addition, these reports also include updates on the Corporation’s overall IT systems and capabilities and the Corporation’s business continuity plan that may need to be activated if a material cybersecurity incident involving the Corporation were to occur. In the event of a material cybersecurity incident, our Chief Compliance Officer would make a report to the Board regarding the event, and the Board would engage in oversight responsibility with respect to the Corporation’s response to such event. Item 2. Pro perties We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. Our corporate headquarters is located at 14 Lafayette Square, Suite 1405, Buffalo NY. Item 3. Legal P roceedings None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 27 Table of Contents Par t II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Com mon Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Shareholders of Record On March 4, 2025, we had a total of approximately 2,137 shareholders, which included 46 record holders of our common stock, and an estimated 2,091 holders with shares beneficially owned in nominee name or under clearinghouse positions of brokerage firms or banks. Share Price Data Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “RAND.” It is not possible to predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below net asset value. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Common Stock - Our shares often trade at a discount to our net asset value.” The following table sets forth, for each fiscal quarter for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the net asset value per share of our common stock, the range of high and low closing sales prices of our common stock, the closing sales price as a premium (discount) to net asset value and the dividends or distributions declared by us. Net Asset Price Range High Sales Price Discount to Net Asset Low Sales Price Discount to Net Asset Dividend Value (1) High Low Value (2) Value (2) Per Share Year ended December 31, 2023 First Quarter $ 23.00 $ 14.22 $ 13.42 ( 38.17 )% ( 41.65 )% $ 0.20 Second Quarter $ 23.79 $ 13.55 $ 12.66 ( 43.04 )% ( 46.78 )% $ 0.25 Third Quarter $ 23.77 $ 13.97 $ 13.00 ( 41.23 )% ( 45.31 )% $ 0.25 Fourth Quarter $ 23.56 $ 14.54 $ 12.70 ( 38.29 )% ( 46.10 )% $ 0.63 Year ended December 31, 2024 First Quarter $ 23.85 $ 14.10 $ 12.81 ( 40.88 )% ( 46.29 )% $ 0.25 Second Quarter $ 26.56 $ 19.60 $ 13.69 ( 26.20 )% ( 48.46 )% $ 0.29 Third Quarter $ 27.29 $ 19.49 $ 14.01 ( 28.58 )% ( 48.66 )% $ 0.29 Fourth Quarter $ 25.31 $ 24.10 $ 16.00 ( 4.78 )% ( 36.78 )% $ 4.20 (1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The net asset values shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of the relevant quarter. (2) Calculated as the respective high or low closing sales price less net asset value, divided by net asset value (in each case, as of the applicable quarter). Dividends We have elected U.S. federal tax treatment as a RIC as of January 1, 2020 on our U.S. Federal tax return for the 2020 tax year. In order to qualify as a RIC, among other things, we are required to meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our shareholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable income, as defined in Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, for each tax year. If we make the requisite distributions to our shareholders, this will generally relieve us from any requirement to pay U.S. federal income taxes with respect to all income distributed to our shareholders. 28 Table of Contents The Board declared the following dividends during the year ended December 31, 2024: Quarter Dividend/Share Amount Record Date Payment Date 1st $ 0.25 March 13, 2024 March 29, 2024 2nd $ 0.29 May 31, 2024 June 14, 2024 3rd $ 0.29 August 30, 2024 September 13, 2024 4th $ 4.20 December 16, 2024 January 24, 2025 On December 5, 2024, the Board declared a dividend of $4.20 per share. The dividend was paid in the aggregate combination of 20% in cash and 80% in newly issued shares of common stock on or about January 24, 2025 to shareholders of record as of December 16, 2024. Share Repurchase Program Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share (2) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plan (3) Maximum dollar amount of shares that may yet be purchased under the share repurchase program (3) 10/1/2024 – 10/31/2024 — $ — — $ 1,500,000 11/1/2024 – 11/30/2024 — $ — — $ 1,500,000 12/1/2024 – 12/31/2024 — $ — — $ 1,500,000 Total — $ — — (1) There were no shares repurchased, in open market transactions, during the fourth quarter of 2024. (2) The average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and includes commission. (3) On May 7, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase plan, which authorizes the Corporation to repurchase shares of the Corporation’s outstanding common stock with an aggregate cost of up to $1,500,000 at prices per share of common stock of no greater than the then current net asset value. This share repurchase authorization lasts for a period of 12 months from the authorization date, until May 7, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. 29 Table of Contents Stock Performance Graph The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total shareholder returns for our common stock, the Nasdaq Market Index, and the S&P BDC Index, assuming a base index of $100 at the end of 2019. The cumulative total return for each annual period within the five years presented is measured by dividing (1) the sum of (A) the cumulative amount of dividends for the measurement period, assuming dividend reinvestment, and (B) the difference between share prices at the end and at the beginning of the measurement period by (2) the share price at the beginning of the measurement period. Comparison of cumulative total return of one or more companies, industry indexes and/or broad markets YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, Company/Index/Market 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Rand Capital Corporation $ 100.00 $ 142.86 $ 141.49 $ 117.36 $ 126.12 $ 239.28 NASDAQ Market Index $ 100.00 $ 144.92 $ 177.06 $ 119.45 $ 172.77 $ 223.87 S&P BDC Index $ 100.00 $ 91.15 $ 125.26 $ 113.50 $ 144.80 $ 168.84 The performance graph information provided above will not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulations 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, unless in the future we specifically request that the information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act. Fees and Expenses The following table is intended to assist you in understanding the fees and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear, directly or indirectly. We caution you that some of the percentages indicated in the table below are estimates and may vary. The following table should not be considered a representation of our future expenses. Actual expenses may be greater or less than shown. Except where the context suggests otherwise, whenever this Form 10-K contains a reference to fees or expenses, paid by “us” or that “we” will pay fees or expenses, our shareholders will indirectly bear such fees or expenses as investors in us. 30 Table of Contents Shareholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price): Sales load — (1) Offering expenses — (2) Total shareholder transaction expenses — Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock): Base Management Fees 1.73 % (3) Incentive Fees 2.58 % (4) Interest payments on borrowed funds 1.24 % (5) Other expenses 2.52 % (6) Total annual expenses 8.07 % (1) In the event that the securities are sold to or through underwriters or agents, the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load (underwriting discount or commission) to be borne by us and our shareholders. (2) The applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the estimated amount of offering expenses, the offering price and the offering expenses borne by us as a percentage of the offering price. (3) We are externally managed by RCM, and the Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50% of our total assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds). Consequently, if we have borrowings outstanding, the Base Management Fee as a percentage of net assets attributable to common shares would be higher than if we did not utilize leverage. (4) The portion of Incentive Fees paid with respect to net investment income and capital gains, if any, is based on actual amounts incurred during the year ended December 31, 2024 and paid during the first quarter of 2025. Such Incentive Fees are based on performance, vary from period to period and are not paid unless our performance exceeds specified thresholds. Incentive Fees in respect of net investment income do not include incentive fees in respect of net capital gains. See “Item 1. Business – Incentive Fees.” As we cannot predict our future net investment income or capital gains, the Incentive Fee paid in future periods, if any, may be substantially different than the fee reported during the year ended December 31, 2024 . (5) Assumes borrowings representing approximately 16% of our average net assets at an average annual interest rate of 7.6%. The amount of leverage that we may employ at any particular time will depend on, among other things, our Board’s and RCM’s assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. (6) Other expenses in this table represents our estimated operating expenses and income tax expenses for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025 . Example The following example demonstrates the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses that would be incurred over various periods with respect to a hypothetical investment in our common stock. In calculating the following expense amounts, we have assumed that our interest payments on borrowed funds, capital gains incentive fees paid, and other annual operating expenses would remain at the levels set forth in the table above. The example assumes that all dividends and other distributions are reinvested at NAV. 1 year 3 years 5 years 10 years You would pay the following expenses on a $1,000 common stock investment, assuming a 5% annual return $ 81 $ 233 $ 372 $ 667 While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5% annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5%. Assuming a 5% annual return, the Income Based Fee under the Investment Management Agreement may not be earned or payable and is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments to trigger the Income Based Fee of a material amount, our expenses, and returns to our investors, would be higher. This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. Item 6. (Reser ved.) 31 Table of Contents Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included within Item 8 of this Annual Report. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements included in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report that do not relate to present or historical conditions are “ statements” within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Additional oral or written statements may be made by us from time to time, and statements may be included in documents that are filed with the SEC. statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions, including statements related to our investment strategies and our intention to with certain of our affiliates; the impact of our election as a RIC for U.S. federal tax purposes on the payment of corporate level U.S. federal income taxes by Rand; statements regarding our liquidity and financial resources; statements regarding any capital gains fee that may be due to RCM upon a hypothetical liquidation of our portfolio and the amount of the capital gains fee that may be payable to RCM for 2025; and statements regarding our compliance with the RIC requirements as of December 31, 2024; and statements regarding future dividend payments, and are intended to be made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “believes,” “forecasts,” “intends,” “possible,” “expects,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” or “plans” and similar expressions are intended to identify statements. Among the important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning the state of the United States economy and the local markets in which our portfolio companies operate, the state of the securities markets in which the securities of our portfolio companies could be traded, liquidity within the United States financial markets, and inflation. statements are also subject to the risks and uncertainties described under the caption “Risk Factors” contained in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. There may be other factors not identified that affect the accuracy of our statements. Further, any statement speaks only as of the date when it is made and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time that may cause our business not to develop as we expect, and we cannot predict all of them. Overview We are an externally managed investment company that lends to and invests in lower middle market companies. Our investment objective is to generate current income and when possible, complement this current income with capital appreciation. As a result, our investments are primarily in higher yielding debt instruments. Our investment activities are managed by our investment adviser, Rand Capital Management, LLC (“RCM”). We have elected to be regulated as a business development company (“BDC”) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements specified in the 1940 Act. In November 2019, Rand completed a stock sale transaction (the “Closing”) with East Asset Management (“East”). The transaction consisted of a $25 million investment in Rand by East, in the form of cash and contributed portfolio assets, in exchange for approximately 8.3 million shares of Rand common stock. Concurrent with the Closing, RCM, a registered investment advisor, was retained by Rand as its external investment adviser and administrator (the Closing and the retention of RCM as our investment adviser and administrator are collectively referred to herein as the “Transaction”). The term of the new investment advisory and management agreement (the “Investment Management Agreement”) with RCM was extended after its renewal was approved by our Board of Directors (the “Board”) in October 2024 and will expire on December 31, 2025. In addition, the term of the administration agreement (the “Administration Agreement”) with RCM was extended after its renewal was approved by the Board in October 2024 and will expire on December 31, 2025. The Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement can continue for successive annual periods after December 31, 2025 provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i)(A) the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board or (B) the affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors who are not “interested persons,” as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), of us, RCM or our respective affiliates. 32 Table of Contents On January 24, 2024, the Board, including a “required majority” (as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, our asset coverage requirement under the 1940 Act for senior securities was changed from 200% to 150%, effective January 24, 2025. We monitor our compliance with this coverage ratio on a regular basis. Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, Rand pays RCM a base management fee and may pay an incentive fee, comprised of two parts: (1) the "Income Based Fee" and (2) the "Capital Gains Fee", if specified benchmarks are met. We elected U.S federal tax treatment as a regulated investment company (“RIC”) under subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements. As of December 31, 2024, we believe we were in compliance with the RIC requirements. As a RIC, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our shareholders as dividends. In addition, as a RIC, we must distribute annually to our shareholders at least 90% of our ordinary net income and realized net capital gains in excess of realized net capital losses, if any. Accordingly, our Board has regularly declared a quarterly cash dividend since our RIC election. Our Board declared the following dividends during the year ended December 31, 2024: Quarter Dividend/Share Amount Record Date Payment Date 1st $ 0.25 March 13, 2024 March 29, 2024 2nd $ 0.29 May 31, 2024 June 14, 2024 3rd $ 0.29 August 30, 2024 September 13, 2024 4th $ 4.20 December 16, 2024 January 24, 2025 On December 5, 2024, our Board declared a dividend of $4.20 per share. The dividend was paid in the aggregate combination of 20% in cash and 80% in newly issued shares of our common stock on or about January 24, 2025 to shareholders of record as of December 16, 2024. The stock dividend increased the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock from 2,648,916 shares and 2,581,021 shares, respectively, to 3,037,709 shares and 2,969,814 shares, respectively, as of January 24, 2025. We may , subject to the conditions included in the exemptive relief order we received from the SEC, with certain of our affiliates. See “SEC Exemptive Order” below. We believe these types of are likely to afford us additional investment opportunities and provide an ability to achieve greater diversification in our investment portfolio. SEC Exemptive Order On October 7, 2020, Rand, RCM and certain of their affiliates received an exemptive order from the SEC to permit the Corporation to in portfolio companies with certain affiliates, including other BDCs and registered investment companies, managed by RCM and certain of its affiliates, in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements, subject to compliance with certain conditions (the “Order”). On March 29, 2021, the SEC granted Rand, RCM, Callodine, which holds a controlling interest in RCM, and certain of their affiliates a new exemptive order (the “New Order”) that superseded the Order and permits Rand to with affiliates managed by RCM and Callodine. Pursuant to the New Order, we are generally permitted to with affiliates covered by the New Order if a “required majority” (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of Rand’s independent directors makes certain conclusions in connection with a transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to Rand and its shareholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of Rand or its shareholders on the part of any person concerned, (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of Rand’s shareholders and is consistent with Rand’s investment objective and strategies and (3) the investment by Rand’s affiliates would not disadvantage Rand, and Rand’s participation would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that on which Rand’s affiliates are investing. In addition, on September 6, 2022, the SEC granted an amendment to the New Order to permit us to participate in investments in our existing portfolio companies with certain Affiliated Funds (as defined in the New Order) that do not hold any investments in such existing portfolio companies. Outlook Rand remains committed to expanding and scaling its business by focusing on debt and related equity investments in privately held, lower companies. This strategy is designed to drive investment income growth and enhance shareholder value through increased dividend distributions. In 2024, we paid total dividends of $5.03 per share, which included a $4.20 per share cash and stock dividend in the fourth quarter of 2024. The amount of our fourth quarter 2024 cash and stock dividend was inclusive of both our regular quarterly dividend and an additional component reflecting our strong performance in 2024, driven by 33 Table of Contents the realized gain that we recognized from the sale of our investment in SciAps. . Our aggregate 2024 dividend represented a 278% increase over 2023. Reflecting our strong financial performance, we raised our regular quarterly cash dividend by 16%, or $0.04 per share, from $0.25 per share to $0.29 per share in the second quarter of 2024. During 2024, we monetized select equity investments, exited our remaining publicly traded securities, and received loan repayments that generated approximately $27 million in aggregate cash proceeds. We strategically allocated these funds, using approximately $15.7 million to reduce outstanding borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility"). Additionally, we invested approximately $13.9 million into investments as a means to further increase investment income. At December 31, 2024, after capital deployment and distributing an aggregate of $4.3 million in cash dividends to shareholders, we had approximately $835,000 in cash on hand and $24.4 million in available capacity under our Credit Facility to support future investments. Entering 2025, we have a strong and flexible balance sheet supported by multiple sources of capital. Our portfolio composition continued shifting toward debt investments in 2024, a trend we anticipate continuing in 2025. As of December 31, 2024, 75% of our portfolio consisted of debt instruments, up from 64% at the end of 2023. This shift has contributed to an improved portfolio yield and increased net interest income, with our annualized weighted average portfolio yield increasing to 13.8% from 13.6% in the prior year. Supported by our strong liquidity position, we believe we are to continue executing our strategy of portfolio expansion, investment income growth, and sustainable dividend increases. As a lender, we remain exposed to market risks, particularly in periods of rising interest rates. As of December 31, 2024, all of our debt investments carried fixed interest rates, whereas borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate equal to 3.50 percentage points above the greater of (i) the applicable daily simple secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) and (ii) 0.25%. In rising interest rate environments, our debt investments generate stable returns, but our cost of capital under the Credit Facility increases. This could impact net investment income and overall returns. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Indebtedness” for further discussion of interest rate risk. Trends and Opportunities We believe our combination of cash on hand, Credit Facility availability, proceeds from portfolio exits, and anticipated investment income provides the liquidity necessary to capitalize on new investment opportunities and reinvest in portfolio companies. RCM continues to build a strong pipeline of potential investments on our behalf, which should allow us to remain to deploy capital effectively. Key trends and strategic advantages that support our growth outlook include: • Resilient Capital Demand: lower businesses require capital for expansion and remain competitive regardless of broader macroeconomic conditions, particularly with increasing adoption of innovative technologies and service models. • Risk Mitigation through Syndication: When possible, we alongside other investors to diversify exposure and optimize returns. • Active Portfolio Oversight: Through RCM, we maintain active governance and strategic involvement in the majority of our portfolio companies. This approach enhances operational performance and facilitates growth. • Leveraging External Investment Management Expertise: Our relationship with RCM and its affiliation with the Callodine Group allows us to benefit from deep investment and regulatory expertise, while maintaining a cost structure that efficiently scales with our portfolio. • Expanded Investment Pipeline: The Callodine partnership through our investment adviser, RCM, alongside our established relationship with East, broadens our access to investment opportunities, allows for enhanced portfolio diversification, and supports our ongoing efforts to manage operating expenses as a percentage of portfolio assets. • Increasing Exposure to Investments: We remain focused on scaling our investment base, reinforcing our ability to sustain and grow regular cash dividends. Concurrently, we continue to selectively deploy capital into equity investments to drive capital appreciation. • Market Opportunity in the Lower Middle Market: Industry consolidation among commercial banks has led to reduced lending activity in the lower middle market. Heightened regulatory requirements have further constrained banks' willingness to serve this segment, creating opportunities for alternative and private credit lenders like Rand. 34 Table of Contents • Flexible Lending Solutions for Borrowers: Lower companies increasingly seek capital providers with the ability to offer tailored and timely financing solutions. Rand is to address this demand by structuring investments that align with borrowers' specific growth objectives and capital needs. Given these factors, we are confident in our ability to prudently allocate capital, expand our portfolio, and generate sustained value for our shareholders. Critical Accounting Policies We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, which require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. For a summary of all significant accounting policies, including critical accounting policies, see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. The increasing complexity of the business environment and applicable authoritative accounting guidance requires us to monitor our accounting policies and procedures. We have two critical accounting policies that require the use of significant judgment. The following summary of critical accounting policies is intended to enhance a reader’s ability to assess our financial condition and results of operations and the potential volatility due to changes in estimates. Valuation of Investments Our investments are carried at fair value in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Investments are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by RCM and approved by our Board. We generally invest in loan, debt, and equity instruments and there is no single standard for determining fair value of these investments. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio company while employing a consistent valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments, there may be material risks associated with this determination including that estimated fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value for the investments existed and these differences could be material if our assumptions and judgments differ from results of actual liquidation events. We analyze and value each investment quarterly and record unrealized depreciation for an investment that we believe has become impaired, including where collection of a loan or debt security or realization of the recorded value of an equity security is doubtful. Conversely, we will record unrealized appreciation if we believe that an underlying portfolio company has appreciated in value and, therefore, our equity securities in the underlying portfolio company have also appreciated in value. Additionally, we continue to assess any material risks associated with this fair value determination, including risks associated with material conflicts of interest. Loan investments are defined as traditional loan financings typically with no equity features or required equity . Debt investments are defined as debt financings that include one or more equity features such as conversion rights, stock purchase warrants, and/or stock purchase options. Equity investments will be direct investments into a portfolio company and may include preferred stock, common stock, warrants and limited liability company membership interests. We utilize several approaches to determine the fair value of an investment. The main approaches are: • Loan and debt securities are generally valued using a cost approach and will be valued at cost when representative of the fair value of the investment or sufficient assets or liquidation proceeds are expected to exist from a sale of a portfolio company at its estimated fair value. The valuation may also consider the carrying interest rate versus the related inherent portfolio risk of the investment. A loan or debt instrument may be reduced in value if it is judged to be of poor quality, collection is in doubt or insufficient liquidation proceeds exist. • Equity securities may be valued using the: ▪ Cost approach - The cost approach uses estimates of the liquidation value of the portfolio companies’ assets in relation to the cost of the respective security. This approach values the equity at the value remaining after the portfolio company pays off its debt and loan balances and its outstanding liabilities. ▪ Market approach - The market approach uses observable prices and other relevant information generated by similar market transactions. It may include both private and public M&A transactions where the traded price is a multiple of EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) or another relevant operating metric. It 35 Table of Contents may also include the market value of comparable public companies that are trading in an active market, or the use of market multiples derived from a set of comparables to assist in pricing the investment. Additionally, we adjust valuations if a subsequent significant equity financing has occurred that includes a meaningful portion of the financing by a sophisticated, unrelated new investor. ▪ Income approach - The income approach employs valuation techniques to convert future benefits or costs, usually in the form of cash flows, into a present value amount. The measurement is based on value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy: Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, used in our valuation at the measurement date. Under the valuation policy, we value unrestricted publicly traded companies, categorized as Level 1 investments, at the closing price on the last trading day of the reporting period. Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. Level 3: Unobservable and significant inputs to determining the fair value. Financial assets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Any changes in estimated fair value are recorded in the statement of operations. At December 31, 2024, all of our investments were Level 3 investments. At December 31, 2023, 9% of our investments were Level 1 investments and 91% were Level 3 investments. There were no Level 2 investments at December 31, 2024 or 2023. In the valuation process, we value restricted securities, categorized as Level 3 investments, using information from these portfolio companies, which may include: • Audited and unaudited statements of operations, balance sheets and operating budgets; • Current and projected financial, operational and technological developments of the portfolio company; • Current and projected ability of the portfolio company to service its debt obligations; • The current capital structure of the business and the seniority of the various classes of equity if a deemed liquidation event were to occur; • Pending debt or capital restructuring of the portfolio company; • Current information regarding any offers to purchase the investment, or recent fundraising transactions; • Current ability of the portfolio company to raise additional financing if needed; • Changes in the economic environment which may have a material impact on the operating results of the portfolio company; • Internal circumstances and events that may have an impact (both positive and negative) on the operating performance of the portfolio company; • Qualitative assessment of key management; • Contractual rights, obligations or restrictions associated with the investment; and • Other factors deemed relevant to assess valuation. The valuation may be reduced if a portfolio company’s performance and potential have deteriorated significantly. If the factors that led to a reduction in valuation are overcome, the valuation may be readjusted. Equity Securities Equity securities may include preferred stock, common stock, warrants and limited liability company membership interests. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our equity investments are earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and revenue multiples, where applicable, the financial and operational performance of the business, and the debt and senior equity preferences that may exist in a deemed liquidation event. Standard industry multiples may be used when available; however, our portfolio companies are typically , lower middle market 36 Table of Contents companies and these industry standards may be adjusted to more closely match the specific financial and operational performance of the portfolio company. Due to the nature of certain investments, fair value measurements may be based on other criteria, which may include third party appraisals. Significant changes in any of these unobservable inputs may result in a significantly higher or lower fair value estimate. Another key factor used in valuing equity investments is a significant recent equity transaction with a sophisticated unrelated new investor entered into by the portfolio company. The terms of these equity transactions may not be identical to the equity transactions between the portfolio company and us, and the impact of the difference in transaction terms on the market value of the portfolio company may be difficult or impossible to quantify. When appropriate the pricing model is used to estimate the fair value of warrants for accounting purposes. This model requires the use of highly subjective inputs including expected volatility and expected life, in addition to variables for the valuation of minority equity positions in small private and early stage companies. Significant changes in any of these unobservable inputs may result in a significantly higher or lower fair value estimate. For investments made within the last year, we generally rely on the cost basis, which is deemed to represent fair value, unless other fair market value inputs are identified causing us to depart from this basis. Loan and Debt Securities The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our loan and debt securities are the financial and operational performance of the portfolio company, similar debt with similar terms with other portfolio companies, as well as the market acceptance for the portfolio company’s products or services. These inputs will likely provide an indicator as to the probability of principal recovery of the investment. Our loan and debt investments are often junior secured or unsecured securities. Fair value may also be determined based on other criteria where appropriate. Significant changes to the unobservable inputs may result in a change in fair value. For recent investments, we generally rely on the cost basis, which is deemed to represent the fair value, unless other fair value inputs are identified causing us to depart from this basis. Revenue Recognition Interest income is recognized on the accrual basis except where the investment is in default or otherwise presumed to be in doubt. In such cases, interest is recognized at the time of receipt. A reserve for possible losses on interest receivable is maintained when appropriate. We hold debt securities in our investment portfolio that contain (“PIK”) interest provisions. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each debt agreement, is added to the principal balance of the debt and is recorded as interest income. Thus, the actual collection of this interest may be deferred until the time of debt principal repayment. We stop accruing PIK interest and write off any accrued and uncollected interest when we determine that such PIK interest is no longer collectible. We may receive distributions from portfolio companies that are limited liability companies or corporations, and these distributions are classified as dividend income on the consolidated statement of operations. Dividend income is recognized on an accrual basis when it can be reasonably estimated for private portfolio companies or on the date for publicly traded portfolio companies. We hold preferred equity securities that may contain cumulative dividend provisions. Cumulative dividends are recorded as dividend income when they are declared and deemed a contractual obligation. Any dividends in arrears are added to the balance of the preferred equity investment. The actual collection of these dividends in arrears may be deferred until such time as the preferred security is redeemed. 37 Table of Contents Financial Condition Overview: December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Increase Total assets $ 72,457,433 $ 81,021,982 $ (8,564,549 ) (10.6 )% Total liabilities 7,124,913 20,206,769 (13,081,856 ) (64.7 )% Net assets $ 65,332,520 $ 60,815,213 $ 4,517,307 7.4 % Net asset value (NAV) was $ 25.31 per share at December 31, 2024 versus $ 23.56 per share at December 31, 2023. Cash approximated 1.3% of net assets at December 31, 2024, as compared to 5.4% at December 31, 2023. During 2022, we entered into a $25 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility") with M&T Bank, as lender (the “Lender”), with the amount that we can borrow thereunder, at any given time, determined based upon a borrowing base formula. The Credit Facility has a 5-year term with a maturity date of June 27, 2027. Our borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate per annum equal to 3.50 percentage points above the greater of (i) the applicable daily simple secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) or (ii) 0.25%. At December 31, 2024, there was $600,000 drawn on the Credit Facility, and the applicable interest rate was 7.99%. See “Note 5. Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the terms of our Credit Facility. Composition of Our Investment Portfolio Our financial condition is dependent on the success of our portfolio holdings. The following summarizes our investment portfolio at the year ends indicated. December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change % Change Investments, at cost $ 68,120,235 $ 68,365,606 $ (245,371 ) (0.4 )% Unrealized appreciation/depreciation, net 2,697,806 8,760,106 (6,062,300 ) (69.2 )% Investments, at fair value $ 70,818,041 $ 77,125,712 $ (6,307,671 ) (8.2 )% Number of Active Portfolio Companies 22 30 Our total investments at fair value, as determined by RCM and approved by our Board, approximated 108% of net assets at December 31, 2024 as compared to approximately 127% of net assets at December 31, 2023. Our investment objective is to generate current income and when possible, complement this current income with capital appreciation. As a result, we are focused on investing in higher yielding debt instruments and related equity investments in privately held, lower middle market companies with a committed and experienced management team in a broad variety of industries. In the past, we have also invested in publicly traded shares of other business development companies that provided income through dividends and had more liquidity than our private company equity investments. 38 Table of Contents The change in investments, at cost, during the year ended December 31, 2024, was comprised of the following: Cost Increase (Decrease) New investments: Mattison Avenue Holdings, LLC (Mattison) $ 5,500,000 Mountain Regional Equipment Solutions (MRES) 3,204,545 Mobile RN Holdings LLC (Mobile IV Nurses) 2,875,000 Seybert’s Billiards Corporation (Seybert's) 1,800,000 ITA Acquisition, LLC (ITA) 458,333 BMP Food Service Supply Holdco, LLC (FSS) 107,619 Total of new investments 13,945,497 Other changes to investments: Caitec, Inc. (Caitec) interest conversion 590,424 ITA interest conversion 457,837 Filterworks Acquisition USA, LLC (Filterworks) interest conversion 253,952 FSS interest conversion 177,911 Seybert’s OID amortization and interest conversion 128,257 Highland All About People Holdings, Inc. (All About People) interest conversion 125,904 Mattison interest conversion 72,902 Pressure Pro, Inc. (Pressure Pro) OID amortization and interest conversion 66,721 FCM Industries Holdco LLC (First Coast Mulch) interest conversion 46,681 Electronic Alloys LLC (INEA) interest conversion 33,995 HDI Acquisition LLC (Hilton Displays) interest conversion 21,519 GoNoodle, Inc. (GoNoodle) interest conversion 14,314 MRES OID amortization 12,000 Mobile IV Nurses interest conversion 6,319 Total of other changes to investments 2,008,736 Investments repaid, sold, liquidated or converted: FSS debt repayment (34,838 ) ACV Auctions, Inc. (ACV) sale (53,094 ) Filterworks debt repayment (206,250 ) Ares Capital Corporation (Ares) sale (267,140 ) Barings BDC, Inc. (Barings) sale (333,352 ) Mezmeriz, Inc. (Mezmeriz) liquidation (742,850 ) FS KKR Capital Corp (FS KKR) sale (755,058 ) PennantPark Investment Corporation (Pennantpark) sale (892,212 ) Carlyle Secured Lending Inc. (Carlyle) sale (899,749 ) Knoa Software, Inc. (Knoa) liquidation (1,229,155 ) Pressure Pro debt repayment (1,427,452 ) Mattison loan repayment (1,894,470 ) Nailbiter, Inc. (Nailbiter) debt repayment (2,250,000 ) SciAps, Inc. (SciAps) debt repayment and equity sale (5,213,984 ) Total of investments repaid, sold, liquidated or converted (16,199,604 ) Net change in investments, at cost $ (245,371 ) Our top five portfolio companies represented 50% of total assets at December 31, 2024: Company Industry Fair Value at December 31, 2024 % of Total Assets at December 31, 2024 Tilson Technology Management, Inc. (Tilson) Professional Services $ 11,500,000 16 % Seybert’s Consumer Products $ 7,922,787 11 % FSS Professional Services $ 7,035,645 10 % Mattison Professional Services $ 5,572,902 8 % Caitec Consumer Products $ 4,474,912 6 % 39 Table of Contents Our top five portfolio companies represented 41% of total assets at December 31, 2023: Company Industry Fair Value at December 31, 2023 % of Total Assets at December 31, 2023 Tilson Professional Services $ 10,550,000 13 % FSS Professional Services $ 7,394,953 9 % Seybert’s Consumer Products $ 5,994,530 7 % SciAps Manufacturing $ 5,213,984 6 % INEA Distribution $ 4,349,839 5 % Below is the geographic breakdown of our investments using fair value as of December 31, 2024 and 2023: Geographic Region % of Net Asset Value at December 31, 2024 % of Net Asset Value at December 31, 2023 USA – East 52 % 76 % USA – South 31 % 32 % USA – West 25 % 19 % Total investments as a % of net asset value 108 % 127 % As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, our investment portfolio consisted of the following types of investments: Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio December 31, 2024: Subordinated Debt and Promissory Notes $ 56,098,724 82 % $ 53,081,594 75 % Convertible Notes 484,837 1 % — — Equity and Membership Interests 11,396,611 17 % 16,936,384 24 % Equity Warrants 140,063 — 800,063 1 % Total $ 68,120,235 100 % $ 70,818,041 100 % December 31, 2023: Subordinated Debt and Promissory Notes $ 48,841,346 71 % $ 48,841,346 63 % Convertible Notes 438,156 1 % 438,156 1 % Equity and Membership Interests 15,760,436 23 % 20,411,497 27 % Equity Warrants 125,063 — 125,063 — Publicly traded stock 3,200,605 5 % 7,309,650 9 % Total $ 68,365,606 100 % $ 77,125,712 100 % Results of Operations Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 Investment Income December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Increase (Decrease) % Increase (Decrease) Interest from portfolio companies $ 7,727,949 $ 5,979,355 $ 1,748,594 29.2 % Interest from other investments 2,356 933 1,423 152.5 % Dividend and other investment income 295,260 1,037,131 (741,871 ) (71.5 )% Fee income 533,720 320,744 212,976 66.4 % Total investment income $ 8,559,285 $ 7,338,163 $ 1,221,122 16.6 % Investment income was received, on a current basis, from 25 portfolio companies during the year ended December 31, 2024 and from 26 portfolio companies during the year ended December 31, 2023. 40 Table of Contents Interest from portfolio companies - Interest from portfolio companies was approximately 29% higher for the year ended December 31, 2024 versus 2023 due to the fact we originated more interest yielding investments during the last year. At December 31, 2024, 75% of our portfolio was comprised of interest yielding debt instruments compared with 64% at the end of 2023. New debt instruments were originated from ITA, Mattison, Mobile IV Nurses, MRES, and Seybert's during 2024. Interest from other investments - The increase in interest from other investments is primarily due to higher average idle cash balances during the year ended December 31, 2024 versus the same period in 2023. Dividend and other investment income - Dividend income is comprised of cash distributions from limited liability companies (LLCs) and corporations in which we have invested. Our investment agreements with certain LLCs require those LLCs to distribute funds to us for payment of income taxes on our allocable share of the LLC’s profits. These portfolio companies may also elect to make additional discretionary distributions or dividends. Dividend income will fluctuate based upon the profitability of these LLCs and corporations and the timing of the distributions. The dividend distributions for the respective years ended were: December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 FS KKR $ 105,600 $ 141,600 Pennantpark 54,600 156,975 Tilson 52,500 52,501 Carlyle 41,280 151,360 Barings 31,200 40,800 Ares 10,080 40,320 Carolina Skiff LLC (Carolina Skiff) — 372,173 DSD Operating, LLC (DSD) — 46,552 Knoa — 34,850 Total dividend and other investment income $ 295,260 $ 1,037,131 Fee income - Fee income generally consists of the revenue associated with the amortization of financing fees charged to the portfolio companies upon successful closing of financings, income from portfolio company board attendance fees, income associated with portfolio company monitoring fees, and other miscellaneous fees. The financing fees are amortized ratably over the life of the instrument associated with the fees. The unamortized fees are carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position under the line item “Deferred revenue.” The income associated with the amortization of financing fees was $209,316 and $205,480 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized loan monitoring fees of $92,393, consisting of $28,814 from our investment in Mattison, $20,000 from our investment in FSS, $20,000 from our investment in Pressure Pro, $11,990 from our investment in Filterworks, and $11,589 from our investment in First Coast Mulch. Additionally, we recognized $232,011 in fees, consisting of a prepayment fee and loan modification fee totaling $151,229 from our debt investment in SciAps, a dividend consent fee and prepayment fees totaling $75,782 from our investment in Pressure Pro, and a loan modification fee of $5,000 from our investment in Lumious. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a early prepayment fee of $61,264 from our investment in DSD, a loan monitoring fee of $20,000 from our investment in FSS, a loan monitoring fee of $20,000 from our investment in Pressure Pro, a loan monitoring fee of $12,000 from our investment in First Coast Mulch, and a loan modification fee of $2,000 from our investment in Lumious. Expenses December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Increase % Increase Total expenses $ 4,837,282 $ 4,178,319 $ 658,963 15.8 % Total expenses increased by approximately $660,000 for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an approximately $208,000 increase in the capital gains incentive fee expense, an approximately $178,000 increase in income based incentive fee expense, an approximately $155,000 increase in base management fees payable to RCM, an approximately $53,000 increase in professional fees, and an approximately $45,000 increase in interest expense. 41 Table of Contents The capital gains incentive fee accrual expense during the year ended December 31, 2024 is due to the calculation of the capital gains fee as required by GAAP. We are required under GAAP to accrue capital gains incentive fees on the basis of net realized capital gains and losses and net unrealized gains and losses. Our capital gains incentive fee accrual reflects the capital gains incentive fees that would be payable to RCM if our entire investment portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the balance sheet date, even though RCM is not entitled to this capital gains incentive fee under the Investment Management Agreement with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are realized. The increase in expense during the year ended December 31, 2024 can be attributed to realized capital gains and increases in unrealized appreciation in excess of realized capital losses and increases in unrealized depreciation during the year. The income based incentive fee is calculated quarterly in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. The income based incentive fee accrued during the year ended December 31, 2024 was $178,218, and results from an increase in Fee Net Investment Income above the applicable hurdle rate during the third quarter of 2024, as set forth and described in the Investment Management Agreement. “ Fee Net Investment Income" means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during such calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for such calendar quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excludin

[truncated]