management’s discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2025, which is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Form 40-F and incorporated by reference herein (the “Annual MD&A”). The Company believes that these generally accepted industry measures are realistic indicators of operating performance and are useful in allowing year over year comparisons. However, these measures should be considered together with other data prepared in accordance with IFRS, and these measures, taken by themselves, are not necessarily indicative of operating costs or cash flow measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. This Form 40-F also contains information as to estimated future total cash costs per ounce, sustaining costs per ounce and minesite costs per tonne. The estimates of total cash costs per ounce, sustaining costs per ounce and minesite costs per tonne are based upon the total cash costs per ounce, sustaining costs per ounce and minesite costs per tonne that the Company expects to incur to mine gold at its projects and, consistent with the reconciliation of these actual costs referred to above, do not include production costs attributable to accretion expense and other asset retirement costs, which will vary over time as each project is developed and mined. It is therefore not practicable to reconcile these financial measures to the most comparable IFRS measure. ​ DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were designed at a reasonable assurance level and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information the Company is required to disclose in reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. ​ MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Company’s board of directors (the “Board”), management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, the Company’s management used the criteria set out by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013). Based upon its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Annual Financial Statements and has included its attestation report on management’s assessment of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which is found on page 5 of the Annual Financial Statements. The Company will continue to periodically review its disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and may make modifications from time to time as considered necessary or desirable. ​ ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Ernst & Young LLP’s attestation report on management’s assessment of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is found on page 5 of the Annual Financial Statements. ​ CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management regularly reviews its system of internal control over financial reporting and makes changes to the Company’s processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that the Company maintains an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. ​ NOTICES PURSUANT TO REGULATION BTR The Company did not send any notices required by Rule 104 of Regulation BTR during the year ended December 31, 2025 concerning any equity security subject to a blackout period under Rule 101 of Regulation BTR. ​ IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Board has a standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee is composed of Mr. Jeffrey Parr (Chair), Mr. J. Merfyn Roberts and Mr. Jamie Sokalsky, as described under “Audit Committee — Composition of the Audit Committee” on page 86 of the AIF. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT The Board has determined that the Company has at least one “audit committee financial expert” (as defined in paragraph (8) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F) and that Mr. Jeffrey Parr, Mr. J. Merfyn Roberts and Mr. Jamie Sokalsky are the Company’s “audit committee financial experts” serving on the Audit Committee of the Board. Each of the Audit Committee financial experts is “independent” under applicable listing standards. ​ PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Ernst & Young LLP , Toronto, Canada , PCAOB ID No. 1263 , served as the Company’s independent public accountant for each of the fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 2025. For a description of the total amount billed to the Company by Ernst & Young LLP for services performed in the last two fiscal years by category of service (audit fees, fees, tax fees and all other fees), see “Audit Committee — External Auditor Service Fees” on page 86 of the AIF. ​ AUDIT COMMITTEE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES For a description of the policies and procedures of the Company’s Audit Committee, see “Audit Committee — Policies and Procedures” on page 86 of the AIF. No fees, tax fees or other fees were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. ​ CODE OF ETHICS The Company has a “code of ethics” (as defined in paragraph (9) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F) that applies to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer, controller and persons performing similar functions. The Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company’s website at www.agnicoeagle.com or, without charge, upon request from the Corporate Secretary, Agnico Eagle Mines Limited, Suite 400, 145 King Street East, Toronto, Ontario M5C 2Y7 (telephone 416-947-1212). During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 there have not been any amendments to, or waivers of, including implicit waivers of, any provision of the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which is applicable to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in paragraph (9)(b) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F. ​ SHEET ARRANGEMENTS The Company does not have any sheet arrangements (as defined in paragraph (11) of General Instruction B to Form 40-F) that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company’s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. ​ CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS For tabular disclosure of the Company’s contractual obligations, see page 16 of the Annual MD&A under the heading “Liquidity and Capital Resources — Contractual Obligations”. ​ MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Company is subject to a variety of corporate governance guidelines and requirements enacted by the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”), the Canadian securities regulatory authorities, the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) and the SEC. The Company is listed on the NYSE and, although the Company is not required to comply with most of the NYSE corporate governance requirements to which the Company would be subject if it were a U.S. corporation, the Company’s governance practices differ from those required of U.S. domestic issuers in only the following respects. The NYSE rules for U.S. domestic issuers require shareholder approval of all equity compensation plans (as defined in the NYSE rules) regardless of whether new issuances, treasury shares or shares that the Company has purchased in the open market are used. The TSX rules require shareholder approval of share compensation arrangements involving new issuances of shares, and of certain amendments to such arrangements, but do not require such approval if the compensation arrangements involve only shares purchased in the open market. The NYSE rules for U.S. domestic issuers also require shareholder approval of certain transactions or series of related transactions that result in the issuance of common shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for common shares, that have, or will have upon issuance, voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power outstanding prior to the transaction or if the issuance of common shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for common shares, are, or will be upon issuance, equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of common shares outstanding prior to the transaction. The TSX rules require shareholder approval of acquisition transactions resulting in dilution in excess of 25%. The TSX also has broad general discretion to require shareholder approval in connection with any issuances of listed securities. The Company complies with the TSX rules described in this paragraph. ​ RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION The Company has adopted a compensation recovery policy, most recently amended effective July 26, 2023 (referred to as the “Executive Compensation Clawback Policy”) as required by NYSE listing standards and pursuant to Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act. The Executive Compensation Clawback Policy is filed as Exhibit 97 to this Form 40-F. At no time during or after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (as of the date of this Form 40-F), was the Company required to prepare an accounting restatement that required recovery of erroneously awarded compensation pursuant to the Executive Compensation Clawback Policy and, as of December 31, 2025, there was no outstanding balance of erroneously awarded compensation to be recovered from the application of the Executive Compensation Clawback Policy to a prior restatement. ​ DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 13(r) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT In accordance with Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, the Company is required to include certain disclosures in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain specified activities during the period covered by the report. Neither the Company nor its affiliates have knowingly engaged in any transaction or dealing reportable under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act during the year ended December 31, 2025. ​ UNDERTAKING Agnico Eagle undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the SEC staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the SEC staff, information relating to: the securities in relation to which the obligation to file an annual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities. ​ CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS Any change to the name or address of the Company’s agent for service shall be communicated promptly to the SEC by amendment to the Form F-X referencing the file number of the Company. ​ INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE This Form 40-F, which includes the exhibits filed herewith (other than the section of the AIF entitled “Ratings”), is incorporated by reference into the Company’s Registration Statements on Form F-3 (File Nos. 333-271854 and 333-280180), Form F-10 (File No. 333-280114) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-130339 and 333-152004). ​ EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit ​ ​ ​ Description 97 ​ Executive Compensation Clawback Policy, July 26, 2023 99.1 ​ Annual Information Form of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 99.2 ​ Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, including the notes thereto, as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 and for each of the years in the period ended December 31, 2025, together with the auditor’s report thereon and the auditor’s report on internal control over financial reporting 99.3 ​ Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2025 99.4 ​ Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002 99.5 ​ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002 99.6 ​ Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002 99.7 ​ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002 99.8 ​ Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 99.9 ​ Consent of Dyane Duquette 99.10 ​ Consent of Guy Gosselin 99.11 ​ Consent of Carol Plummer 99.12 ​ Consent of Dominique Girard 99.13 ​ Consent of Natasha Vaz 101.INS ​ XBRL Instance 101.SCH ​ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL ​ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF ​ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB ​ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE ​ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase ​ ​ ​ ​ SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. ​ ​ ​ Toronto, Canada AGNICO EAGLE MINES LIMITED March 19, 2026 ​ ​ by /s/ Jamie Porter ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Jamie Porter ​ ​ Executive , Finance and ​ ​ Chief Financial Officer ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ FY false Index Key ​