Company Number: 4190816

*L892S6Q2*
LDS 05/07/2019 #58

COMPANIES HOUSE

| eee ree.

A message fro
our Chairman

m

We have made good progress on
delivering our strategy, focused
around differentiated customer
experience, our best converged
network, and creating a simple,
lean and agile business.

lam pleased to report that we have

over the last year overcome numerous
challenges to deliver a set of solid financial
results. More importantly, we have made
good progress on delivering our strategy,
focused around differentiated customer
experience, our best converged network,
and creating a simple, lean and agile
business. We have continued to deliver the
vital connectivity and services that families
and businesses in the UK and beyond need
to flourish.

BT has a critical role at the heart of the
UK's digital future, and our substantial
investments in fixed and mobile networks
make an essential contribution. The new
converged propositions we launched this
year are the start of the services of the
future. Within BT we are strengthening
our focus on enabling the digital skills of
our people, customers and communities,
thereby further contributing to the UK's
digital economy.

We will be launching 5Gin 16 cities this
year. We will also increase our investment
in fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP), while
working with the Government and Ofcom
to create the right conditions to go further
and faster. We are pleased with our closer
relationships with these key stakeholders
as we unite around the common goal of
building the UK's FTTP network.

| In May 2018 we agreed the 2017 triennial

| funding valuation for the BT Pension
| Scheme. This allows us to move ahead with

| greater financial certainty.

| Our solid profit and normalised free cash
| flow not only provide the foundation for

investment in our strategic priorities but
allow us to reward shareholders. We are
paying the same dividend as last year at
15,4p per share, We also expect to hold
the dividend unchanged in respect of the
2019/20 financial year given our outlook

| for earnings and cash flow. The Board

| remains committed to our dividend policy,

| which is to maintain or grow the dividend
each year whilst taking into consideration

| a number of factors including underlying

medium term earnings expectations and
levels of business reinvestment (which
would include the consideration of
accelerated FTTP investment).

| Lam satisfied we are making progress

at pace. The coming year will see BT

| continuing its transformation to become

a simplified, lean and agile business.

| Across the business | see a commitment to

streamlining processes, governance and
organisational structures; simplifying lines
of responsibility; and helping people make
better decisions.

i Asa Board, we are leading by example.
| Trecently carried out a review of the

structure, composition and operation
of our committees to speed up decision

| making and improve overall governance.
| Asa result, we have reduced the number

of board committees and clarified lines of
responsibility. Further details are described
in the Governance report on page 55.

| would like to welcome non-executive
directors Matthew Key and Allison Kirkby

| to the Board. They both bring valuable

| business over his 15 years with the company. _
_ Heled BT with vision and dedication through _
| achallenging time and started the necessary —

experience of the communications and
technology sectors.

Gavin Patterson stepped down as chief
executive at the end of January and | would
like to thank him for his contribution to the

process of transforming our business for the
demands of modern society. We wish him

| well for the future.

| | would like to extend a warm welcome

| to our new chief executive Philip Jansen.

| Philipis a proven leader with outstanding
experience in managing large, complex
businesses and has the right combination
of skills and experience to take BT into the
future. Philip has made an excellent start as
chief executive and | am confident that he
will have the full support of all our people as
we embark on the challenging but exciting
next chapter of this areat company,

This is a very important time for BT and
the UK's digital economy. | look forward to
working with Philip and his team as they
develop our strategy and accelerate the
reshaping of BT to deliver future success.

Jan du Plessis
Chairman 024
8 May 201 4 Lh.

(1)%

Profit after tax

£2.2bn +6%

rene 2039,

SCout

A message from

our Chief Executive

| am delighted to be the new
chief executive of BT. We play

an important role in UK society
and provide mission-critical
services all around the world. It is
a privilege to lead such a special
company, with a great history and
avery exciting future. BT creates
value for a large and diverse
group of stakeholders.

My first priority on joining in January was

‘to meet as many BT colleagues as possible,
and | have seen first-hand the energy and
commitment they bring to doing the right
thing by our customers. As we build the BT
of the future, this dedication will be essential
for transforming the company and improving
the service we provide to our customers.

Many of our people talk to customers every
day and can provide great insight into

how they think. The way our customers

see the world and our role in their lives

and businesses is changing. In the coming
year we will focus on developing a better
understanding of what customers value
about BT in each of our market segments.

BT is already making significant investments
in our key markets and we have a very
strong market position, but we need to
invest more in our core areas to drive

future growth. Constant innovation is key
to keeping our business moving forward.
Our increasing investment in fibre and 5G
programmes is vital to our future success.

Our relationship with the UK Government
and Ofcom continues to improve. We're
working in a pragmatic, straightforward
and collaborative way. We want to shape
the regulatory environment so that it

is clear and predictable, enabling BT to

succeed by delivering sustainable value that [
| age. Enabling these skills will help people
| adapt to new ways of working and create
| future customer demand for our products.

reflects what customers and society want.

Our core priorities around customer
experience, building the best converged
network and transforming our operating
model underpin how we will compete and
drive sustainable growth.

Everything we do shauld start with the

aim of delivering a differentiated customer
experience. We are already making
progress with this. We introduced our first
converged products, BT Plus, for consumers
and 4G Assure, for small businesses, which
have seen strong take-up. In the coming
year there will be additional investment to
improve our propositions, offer great value
for money and increase consumer loyalty.

We will also invest to maintain our network
leadership position. We already have the
best mobile and fixed networks and in the
coming year we will launch 5G across 16
UK cities and accelerate our rollout of FTTP.
Although important points still need to be
‘agreed, our dialogue with the Government
and Ofcom is constructive and we are
increasingly confident in the environment
for investment in the UK. As a result we
are increasing our aim of reaching 3 million
homes to 4 million by March 2021 and
15 million by the mid-2020's, subject to
conditions being right.

BT has made progress during the year
‘towards creating a simplified, lean and
more agile business. We will make further
improvements in the coming year to
speed up decision making and the pace

of work, making use of the latest digital
technologies. Our people recognise we are
too complex and want us to go faster in our
transformation. Employee engagement is
high, with a 77% engagement outcome
for colleagues participating in our

recent people survey. The results were
generally encouraging, and demonstrate
our collective desire to embrace the
changes required to make BT a brilliant
place to work and give our customers an
outstanding experience.

1am pleased to see how much our people
contribute to the community and am proud
that BT encourages this work. One area |
want us to really lead on is improving digital
skills—for our colleagues, customers and
families across the UK and well beyond. BT is
uniquely qualified to help people navigate the

Governance
Financilscalemenis
‘dstional information

opportunities and challenges of our digital

We're committed to respecting human and

| digital rights - we launched an overarching
| human rights policy, and we're partnering

with others to combat modern slavery.

We continue to tackle environmental
challenges, having recently announced our
ambition to be a net zero carbon emissions
business by 2045.

BT has delivered solid results for the year,
and this is due to the commitment of our
colleagues. The markets we are in remain
highly competitive and we continue to
expect market dynamics, cost inflation and
legacy product declines and the changing
regulatory environment to impact our
results in the short term, however, we are
confident that our plans will deliver good
returns over the medium term and improve
the quality and performance of the business.

Asa result, for 2019/20, we expect
adjusted revenue to be down around 2%.
This is mainly as a result of the challenging
market conditions, regulatory pressure

in both fixed and mobile markets, and

the ongoing impact from our decision to
de-emphasise lower margin products,
particularly in our enterprise businesses.

Along with the flow through of lower
revenue, we expect our opex investments
to result in Group adjusted EBITDA for
2019/20 being in the range £7.2bn -
£7.3bn. While we will sustain these opex
investments into 2020/21, we continue
to expect Group adjusted EBITDA for
2020/21 to be above that for 2019/20.

Weare raising our reported capital
expenditure guidance (excluding BDUK
clawback) for 2019/20 to be in a range of
£3.7bn- £3.9bn. We expect normalised
free cash flow for 2019/20 to out-turn in
the range £1.9bn - £2.1bn.

| look forward to working alongside our
colleagues to build the new BT andl am
optimistic and energised for the future.

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive
8 May 2019

qj

BT Group ple ‘Annual Report 2019

About BT

Who we are

We're one of the world’s leading
communications services companies.
We're based in the UK but we serve
customers in 180 countries.

What we do

We develop and sell communications
products and services and build

and operate networks that are

an essential part of modern lives,
businesses and communities.

How we're organised

BT is organised into two types of
units: customer-facing units that sell
products and services and corporate
units that support the whole group.

Financial highlights

Revenue
£23.46 ty
Profit before tax

£2.7 Dn +2%
Basic earnings per share

21.8p +6%

Net cash inflow from
operating activities

£4.35 (ray

o
For more information on our
financial performance see page 34.

‘Atternative performance measures

Change in underlying’ revenue
(0.9)%
Adjusted’ EBITDA

£7. Abn y%
Adjusted? earnings per share

26.3 D (6%

Normalised free
cash flows

£2.4bn (1g

Capital expenditure®
(excluding BDUK clawback}

£3.8bn +8%

‘We asses the performance of the group using a variety of performance measures. These measures ae not all defined
Under IFRS and are therefore termed ‘non-GAAP’ measures, We presenta reconciliation from these non-GAAP
‘measures to the nearest prepared measure in accordance with IFRS on pages 185 to 187. The alternative performance
‘measures we use may not be directly comparable with smiarly tiled measures used by other companies.

* Underlying revenue excludes specific items, foreign exchange movements and disposals.
* items presented as adjusted are stated before specific items. See page 185 for more information.

After net interest paid, before pension deficit payments {including the cash tax benefit of pension

deficit payments} and specific items.

* ADMINS to property, plant and equipment and software in the period less proceeds from disposals.

-——

BT Group ple

‘Annual Report 2019

(Steategicreport

Governance
Financial statements
“Additional information

Our customer-facing units

Consumer

Across our three brands — BT, EE and
Plusnet—we connect customers to
information, entertainment, friends
and family, at home and on the move.

. Between them, the three brands serve
the whole of the UK, providing mobile,
broadband, home phone and TV services.
We buy access to fixed-line and broadband
infrastructure from Openreach, and we
use EE’s mobile network to provide mobile
phone services.

Led by

} Marc Allera

CEO, Consumer

Enterprise

We sell communications and IT services to
businesses and public sector organisations
in the UK and Ireland. We also provide
network products and services to
communications providers operating in
Great Britain. We're focused on four main
product markets: fixed voice, mobile,
converged connectivity and networked

IT services.

Led by
Gerry McQuade
CEO, Enterprise

External revenue External revenue
£10,588m +3% £5,933m (4)%
Percentage of Percentage of

group revenue

45%

OQ

Global Services

Weare a leading enterprise
communications provider, serving
enterprise customers in 180 countries.
We provide managed network and
IT infrastructure services, enabling

customers’ digital transformations.

group revenue

‘
25% O

Openreach

We build and operate the fixed network
that connects the UK's homes and
businesses. We are responsible for
providing wholesale ‘last mile’ fixed access
from premises to exchanges, and installing
and maintaining the fibre and copper
communications networks.

Led by
Bas Burger Led by
CEO, Global Services Clive Selley

CEO, Openreach
External revenue External revenue
£4,735m (6)% £2,200m (3)%
Percentage of Percentage of

group revenue

20%

O

group revenue

10%

©

Our corporate units

Strategy and Transformation
We are responsible for developing and
setting corporate, network and product
strategies for the group. We also drive
pan-BT transformation programmes.

Led by

Michael Sherman.

Chief strategy

and transformation officer

Technology

We are responsible for designing,
building and operating BT's core and
mobile networks, platforms and IT
systems in the UK and globally. We also
work with the customer-facing units
to develop and roll out products and
services for their customers.

Led by

Howard Watson

Chief technology

and information officer

Corporate functions

The remaining corporate units carry out
central activities on behalf of the group.
We benefit from shared expertise and
economies of scale. They include: Finance,
HR, Legal and Company Secretarial,
Compliance, Corporate Affairs, Property,
Facilities, Procurement, Regulatory Affairs
and Group Business Services.

6

BYGroup ple

Aamualfeper. 2029 _

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee
provides input and
recommendations

to support the chief
executive in exercising
the authority delegated
by the Board to run the
business of the group
day-to-day. It meets
weekly and Is chaired by
the chief executive.

The Executive Committee

assists the chief executive in:

e developing the group
strategy and budget for
the Board's approval

e executing the strategic plan
once agreed by the Board

* providing assurance to the
Board in relation to overall
performance and risk
management.

All decisions are taken by
the chief executive, or his
delegate, in keeping with
the principle of single point
accountability.

Philip Jansen

| Chief executive
| Appointed as chief executive in February 2019
| and on the Board since January 2019.

|| Philip joined BT from Worldpay where he had

been CEO since April 2013. Before that he
was CEO and then chairman at Brakes Group
between 2010 and 2015. Philip spent the
previous six years at Sodexo where he was group
chief operating officer and chief executive,
Europe, South Africa and India. Prior to that he
was chief operating officer at MyTravel Group
from 2002 to 2004 and managing director of
Telewest Communications (now Virgin Media)
from 2000 to 2002, after starting his career at
Procter & Gamble.

Simon Lowth
Chief financial officer

Appointed to the Board as chief financial officer
in July 2016.

‘Simon was CFO and executive director of

BG Group before the takeover by Royal Dutch
Shell in February 2016. Previously Simon was
CFO and an executive director of AstraZeneca,
and finance director and executive director of
‘ScottishPower. Prior to that, Simon was a director
of McKinsey & Company.

Gerry McQuade

CEO, Enterprise

Appointed CEO, Wholesale and Ventures in March
2016 and became CEO, Enterprise in May 2018.
Gerry was formerly chief sales and marketing
officer at EE responsible for the business,
wholesale and product development areas which
he had overseen since the merger in 2010 of
Orange and T-Mobile. He joined the board of
Orange in January 2008, and prior to Orange

he was a founding director of Virgin Mobile.

Howard Watson

Chief technology and information officer
Appointed February 2016.

Howard was formerly chief architect and
managing director, global IT systems and led the
technical teams behind the launch of BT Sport
in 2013.

Howard joined BT in 2011 and has 30 years

of telecoms experience having spent time at
Telewest Communications (now Virgin Media)
and Cartesian, a telecommunications consultancy
and software company.

Marc Allera

CEO, Consumer

Appointed February 2016 as CEO, EE and
became CEO, Consumer in September 2017.
Marc was previously chief commercial officer for
EE from 2011 to 2015. Marc spent ten years
at Three UK as sales and marketing director and
subsequently chief commercial officer. Prior to
that, Marc was general manager of Sega UK
and Europe.

Ed Petter

Corporate affairs director

Appointed November 2016,

Ed was formerly deputy director of corporate
affairs at Lloyds Banking Group. Prior to that he
held corporate affairs roles at McDonald's Europe,
McKinsey & Company and the Blue Rubicon
communications consultancy, having previously
worked as a news producer and editor at the BBC.

Alison Wilcox

HR director

Appointed July 2015.

Alison was formerly regional HR director for
Vodafone Europe and before that, regional HR
director for Vodafone's Africa, Middle East and
Asia Pacific footprint. Alison joined Vodafone in,
2006 as group director of leadership following
a career in consulting.

Bas Burger

CEO, Global Services

Appointed June 2017.

‘Bas was formerly president, BT in the Americas,
BT Global Services. Bas joined BT in 2008 as

CEO Benelux.

Before joining BT, Bas was executive president
and 2 member of the management committee of
Getronics NV, where he ran global sales, channels
and partnerships, developing the company's
international business. He was also CEO and
managing director of KPN Entercom Solutions.

Cathryn Ross

Regulatory affairs director

Appointed January 2018.

Cathryn was formerly chief executive of Ofwat,
‘the independent economic regulator for the
water and waste water sector in England and
Wales, Cathrynis an experienced regulatory
and competition economist and has worked
across a number of different sectors advising on
economic, regulatory and competition issues.

Sabine Chalmers

General counsel

Appointed April 2018.

Before joining BT, Sabine was chief legal and
corporate affairs officer and company secretary
of Anheuser-Busch InBev for 12 years. She also
held various legal leadership roles at Diageo.
Sabine is qualified to practise law in England
and Wales and New York State.

Sits

Michael Sherman

Chief strategy and transformation officer
Appointed May 2018.

Michael is responsible for developing BT's long-
term strategy and guiding pan-BT business
transformation. Prior to BT, Michael was@
partner and managing director at Boston
Consulting Group for 11 years. Before that,
Michael spent eight years as an executive at
Viewlocity, an enterprise software company.

By understanding market trends in our own industry and in others
that affect us, we can take advantage of opportunities as they arise
and act more quickly to reduce any risks to our business.

Our share of UK households
(Number of households)

15m

BT UK share

© Homes with EE relationship 8m —-@ Homes with arrelationship with both BT & EE 2m
© Homes with BT relationship Tm @ Homes witha relationship with Plusnet_ 1m
— Service providers ment meee ncn OE ALS =n

Selected competitors
primary offering

Amazon Prime Video

5 ° | Ve ue. x

Please note that these are primary offerings. We acknowledge that our competitors also have secondary offerings in some of our markets in addition to the above.

Providing fixed
broadband services to
consumers, businesses
and communications
providers.

Providing mobile
connectivity to
consumers, businesses
and MVNOs.

We connect customers to information,
entertainment, and friends and family,
at home.

Fixed connectivity includes providing
connectivity directly to homes or businesses
and is our biggest market by revenue. It
includes voice telephony, internet access and
the provision of dedicated lines for business
and public sector customers.

Within Enterprise, we have three main types
of customers with different communications
needs:

* Small and Medium Enterprise customers,
who we define as having fewer than

100 employees, often rely heavily on
communications services and look for more
consumer-style products.

Corporate customers, who often have more
complex needs, and who are increasingly
buying more security and cloud-based
products.

Public Sector and Major Business customers,
who look to buy both fixed and mobile
services in multi-year contracts and who
can demand very high security.

We also serve communications providers who
want to buy solutions to sell on to their end
customers.

This market includes any data or voice services
On Mobile devices, It is a major segment of our
business,

We use EE’s mobile network to provide mobile
phone services across our three brands to the
whole of the UK.

Both Consumer and Enterprise sell mobile
services in this market.

Another aspect of the mobile market is
wholesaling to Mobile Virtual Network
Operators (MVNOs) in the UK, where Mobile
Network Operators offer wholesale mobile
connectivity.

This segment is experiencing a technology
migration from the legacy Public Switched
Telephone Network (PSTN) to Internet

| Protocol (IP). The UK Government actively

supports this.

In Consumer, fixed internet connectivity is

| increasingly essential to our individual and

household customers, with each using an
average of 240GB a year. In 2018, nine in
ten people had access to the internet in their
home. Many adults claim to spend as much as
24 hours per week online, more than twice as
much as in 2007.

Price competition on phone calls and
broadband continues to be intense. Therefore,
revenue opportunities in this segment focus
‘on increased demand for higher speed and
better-quality products, driven by consumers
and businesses using more data.

Historically, the mobile market has largely
been driven by handset launches. Less
innovation and differentiation mean
consumers are keeping their handset for
longer and visiting stores less often. This trend
is leading to increased uptake of SIM-only
plans in the market, We also see market
volume growth coming from consumers
buying extra SIMs and devices and using

more data.

Businesses are increasingly letting their
people use their own smartphones at work.
Despite that, they are continuing to buy
large data bundles to support their people's
increasing mobile data use, for example in
areas such as collaboration.

| The UK currently has more than 100 MVNOs
| and we are one of the leading providers of

MVNO services.

Providing TV content
to customers.

l

We sell TV content in our Consumer division
under our BT and EE brands.

We also wholesale BT Sport to other providers,

The UK has a well-established free-to-air TV
service, on top of which consumers buy many
premium content packages including live
sport, which continues to be a staple in most
UK homes.

In comparison to ‘cord-cutting’ where
consumers abandon TV packages in favour

of a range of over-the-top (OTT) streaming
media offers, we are seeing some evidence of
‘package-thinning’ as an emerging feature

of the market. This is where customers buy
the most basic package to get TV access and
accentuate this with on-demand OTT content.

These trends are affecting traditional
providers in limiting their ability to sell
premium monthly content subscription
packages.

Providing converged
products and services
to customers.

With our fixed and mobile networks, we aie
well positioned in the converged connectivity
and services market.

We trave launched BT Plus, the UR’s first
converged fibre and 4G plan that gives
customers BT's fastest speeds in and out of the
home with a unique Keep Connected Promise,
all on one simple bill.

We launched 4G Assure for our business
customers, providing 4G connectivity if their
fixed broadband service was not available.

| Greater connecti

The UK is int Une eatly slayes uf convergence —
the bundling of fixed, mobile and TV services
into a single service.

Convergence can increase ciistamer itétime
value, as those taking converged otters tend
to be more loyal.

ity and new devices will

| lead to new possibilities for technology

convergence. As an example, people can

| already answer their front doors and adjust

their central heating remotely using Internet

| of Things (loT) technology.

| Applications like smart homes and connected
| cities are no longer ideas beyond the horizon
| —they are here and are already part of many

major economies.