A BETTER BT
FOR ALL OF US

f tumanin

“AF6UHMS9*

E

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

From the hardest-to-reach communities
to the busiest cities, people, business and
society rely on BT in the moments that
matter. We’re building next-generation
networks faster and further, connecting
the country and accelerating progress
so everyone can thrive in a digital world.
Focused on the UK, we’re investing,
innovating and upskilling — creating
a better BT for all of us.

WE CONNECT FOR GOOD

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

Strategic report

Contents How we’ve done

Strategic report 1 Revenue

‘Amessage from our Chairman 2

‘Amessage from our Chief Executive 4 £F 1 9 7 b Nn 3 x%

Executive Committee 8 . ( ) °

(Our business model 10 —_-(FY25: £20.4bn)

Trends shaping our industry and business 16

Our strategic framework 18 Profit before tax

Progress against our strategic priorities 20

Our stakeholders 32 F 1 4 b Nn 8%

Non-financial and sustainability information statement 40 . °

‘Our key performance indicators (KPIs) az__‘(FY25:£1.3bn)

Group performance 46

Amessage from the Chair of Openreach 53 Adjusted’ EBITDA

Risk management 54

Our principal risks and uncertainties 56 F 8 2 b Nn —%

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 6 ° °
(FY25: £8.2bn)

Viability statement 72

Corporate governance report 73

Financial statements 720 Cashflow from operating activities

Additional information 224

The Board approved this Strategic report on 20 May 2026.
The Chairman signed on behalf of the Board.

Aaj

You can find our cautionary statement on forward-looking
statements on page 228.

Adam Crozier
Chairman
20 May 2026

[EJ] Pages 2 to 72 are the Strategic report. It includes our
business model, progress against our current strategic
priorities, our key performance indicators, group
performance and our principal risks and uncertainties.

[J] Youcan find our Corporate governance report
on pages 73 to 119, It includes the Report on directors’
remuneration and the Directors’ report.

When we say ‘BT Group’ and ‘the group’ in this document we mean
BT Group ple - made up of our subsidiaries, customer-facing units
and internal corporate functions. When we say ‘FY26’ we mean the
financial year that ended on 31 March 2026, and we use the same
approach for any other years.

£7.0bn 1%

(FY25: £7.0bn)

Normalised free cash flow”

£1.5bnN (6)%

(FY25: £1.6bn)

Basic earnings per share

11.0p 2%

(FY25: 10.8p)

Capital expenditure

£5.1bne6x

(FY25: £4.9bn)

Look out for these throughout the report
Reference to another page in the report

[Reference to further reading online

a Adjusted EBITDA is group profit or loss before specific items, net finance expense,
taxation, depreciation and amortisation and share of post-tax profits or losses of
associates and joint ventures. See page 227.

b Wedefine normalised free cash flow on page 226.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026 2 Strategic report

Amessage from our Chairman

A YEAR OF
PROGRESS

a)

Over the past year, we have continued to make strong
progress against a clear strategy, strengthening our
leadership, investing for the long term, and delivering
for customers, colleagues, shareholders and the country
in a demanding and highly competitive environment.

Adam Crozier/Chairman

BT Group plc Annual Report 2026

Another year of

strategic progress

This year, BT has continued to make solid
progress against a clear strategy, ina
demanding and highly competitive
environment, reflected in continued
investor confidence. We are investing

for the long term, strengthening our
leadership, and delivering for customers,
colleagues and owners - while continuing
to play a vital role for the country.

The Boards encouraged by the clarity
of the strategy, the momentum of
transformation, and the focus on delivery.

Creating long-term value
BT is investing more in UK digital
infrastructure than any other business.
Between 2020 and 2030, we expect to
invest more than £40bn in the country,
supporting jobs, productivity and long
term economic growth.

Looking ahead, we are reiterating our
expectation of a cash flow inflection to
around £2bn in FY27, rising to around
£3bn by the end of the decade. Delivering
this improvement in cash flow is central to
‘our tong term value creation plans and
underpins confidence in BT's future.

Reflecting the year’s delivery, the Board
has proposed an increased full-year
dividend of 8.32 pence per share. This
reflects our continued confidence in the
business and our commitment to balancing
investment for long-term growth with
returns to shareholders.

The Board also monitors shareholder
returns closely. Our priority remains to
improve returns over time through
consistent execution, stronger customer
outcomes and growing, sustainable cash
generation. We are seeing this reflected
in our share price performance this year.

Connecting for good

Our purpose, to connect for good, is
central to how BT operates and how the
Board considers long term value. It reflects
BT's role in supporting national resilience,
helping to close the digital divide,
embedding sustainability into the business
and maintaining trust in the networks
people rely on every day.

‘As we become the UK's most trusted
connector, we play an important role in
enabling people to access digital services
confidently and safely, with plans to reach
more people and businesses by the end
of the decade.

BT also continued to make progress on its
climate transition plan -éutting
operational emissions, electrifying our
fleet, managing Scope 3 emissions and
working towards a circular economy.

This is strengthening our resilience and
reducing our environmental impact.

Successful stakeholder
relationships

We continue to engage closely with
government on the role our networks

play in supporting economic growth,
productivity and inclusion across the UK.
Our investment is enabled by the greater
fiscal and regulatory certainty provided over
the past year - including the 2025 Budget,
the Mobile Market Review and Statement
of Strategic Priorities. BT welcomed the
Chancellor's support of our plans to build
fibre to 30 million premises and 5G+ to
99% of the population.

We're proud to lead the industry on pricing
fairness, transparency, clarity, and value,
and we're calling for the whole industry
todo the same. This year we signed the

ing Charter in support

We also led the way on fraud prevention,
protecting customers from emerging
threats and signing the Second Telecoms
Sector Fraud Charter.

And as we support all customers to move
away from outdated networks, we signed
the Fixed Telecoms Modernisation
Safeguards and Ceasing Charter - working
to ensure we are following the right
safeguarding principles for this

national upgrade.

We maintain an open and transparent
relationship with the regulator. Ofcom's
work, including its Telecoms Access
Review, provides important clarity for the
sector. The Board remains focused on
ensuring BT operates fairly, responsibly
and in the best interests of customers.

Beyond this, BT is proud to work with
customers, partners, suppliers and
communities across the country every
day. Whether it’s supporting businesses
large and small, working with technology
partners, or helping people build digital
skills, BT continues to play a unique role
in the UK's digital economy.

Board changes

Strong governance underpins effective
delivery of strategy. The Board has worked
closely with Allison Kirkby and the Executive
Committee during the year to ensure BT
has the leadership, skills and focus needed
for the next phase of delivery.

We welcomed representation from our
major shareholder, with Sunil Bharti
Mittal and Gopal Vittal appointed to
the Board as Non-Independent, Non-
Executive Directors.

‘The Board continues to benefit froma
balanced mix of skills, experience and
including strong female
n. We remain focused on
effective oversight, clear accountability
and supporting management to detiver
the strategy at pace.

Strategic report

A focus on the future

The year ahead is about accelerating
delivery. The strategy is clear, the leadership
teamis in place, and execution will be
critical in a highly competitive market.

We look forward to welcoming Patricia
Cobian in the summer, when she joins BT
as Chief Financial Officer and a member
of the Executive Committee, succeeding
Simon Lowth, who leaves behind a
significant legacy of leadership and
contribution to BT.

We will continue to evolve how the Board
supports delivery of the strategy. This will
include new Board working groups focused
onworkforce and technology transformation,
reflecting how critical both are to future
execution and long term competitiveness.

In line with this evolution, oversight of
responsible business delivery will move
from a standalone committee to being
embedded into the Board’s regular reviews
of strategy and performance. This will
govern our progress against an expanded
digital inclusion goal, to reach 30 million
people and businesses with digital
tools and support by 2030.

From FY27, we intend to update BT’s
dividend policy to show our commitment
towards increasing returns to shareholders
and to reflect the increasing cash flows we
expect BT to generate in the coming years.
The Board has adopted a new policy to
ividend per share by a low to

igit percentage each year in
FY27 and onwards until we reach metrics
consistent with a BBB+ credit rating.
Beyond that point, we'll make residual
cash flow available to support enhanced
shareholder distributions. This approach
provides greater clarity for shareholders
while meeting commitments to the
pension fund, maintaining a strong balance
sheet and preserving flexibility to invest for
long-term growth.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, | would like
to thank all our people across BT for their
hard work and commitment during the
year. BT’s progress depends on their skill,
service and determination, and we are
grateful for the way colleagues continue
to deliver through significant change.

Despite a challenging external
environment, the Board looks ahead with
confidence. BT has vital role to play for
the UK and, with the assets, strategy and
momentum we have built, we remain
focused on delivering for customers,
shareholders and the country, as we
create a better BT for the future.

Aa fp

Adam Crozier
Chairman
20 May 2026

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026 4 Strategic report

A message from our Chief Executive

ABETTERBT
FORALL OF US

At BT, we connect for good. Our networks have
been trusted to keep Britain connected for

180 years. We’re not just part of the fabric

of the nation; we’re its digital backbone.

Allison Kirkby/Chief Executive

BT Group plc Annual Report 2026

Strategic report

No oneis building digital infrastructure faster or further
than BT, connecting and protecting the country and
accelerating the UK’s modernisation. This is a huge
responsibility for all of us across the company,
and it’s this sense of purpose that drives us forward.

Our ambition is clear - to become the
UK’s most trusted connector of people,
business and society. And it could not be
more relevant in today's world, especially
considering the pace of technological
change and the role our networks play. At
BT, we're proud to underpin almost every
aspect of modern life and work ~ and to be
at the heart of the country’s tech and
therefore growth agenda.

Last year, we set out our refreshed and
more focused strategy for long-term value
creation and growth, to create a better BT
for all of us: our customers, our colleagues,
the country and our owners.

To enable this growth, our strategy is

focused on three things:

= First, building the best, most trusted,
digital networks;

- Second, connecting customers, so they
thrive, as we grow, ina digital worl

= And third, accelerating our modernisation,
torestore BT’sleadership in everything
wedo,

Solid progress in the year

As | reflect on the progress we have made,
it’s been another year of strong delivery
against our strategic priorities in what
remains a very competitive market with
complex economic challenges. I'm
immensely grateful for the dedication of
‘our people, the loyalty of our customers,
and the sustained support of our owners

as we continue this once-in-a-generation
upgrade of the UK’s infrastructure, and the
modernisation of one of the country’s most
important institutions.

Highlights include:

= We hit the accelerated full fibre build
target we announced this time last year;
Openreach full fibre now passes more
than two thirds of the country’s homes
and businesses.

= Our mobile network kept winning quality
awards, and by a wide margin.

— Across BT, our customer satisfaction
increased to an all-time high.

~ Our Consumer division grew the number
of customers across all its core products,
as we use all our retail brands to become
more relevant for more households.

= Our transformation continued ahead of
plan, more than offsetting headwinds.

~ Weare increasingly a simpler, more UK-
focused business having sold five non-
core international businesses and carved
out BT International.

= Allof this, and much more, meant we
delivered on our financial guidance for
the year and adjusting for divestments,
we grew EBITDA, keeping us on track for
the cashflow inflection we have promised.

Build

Building the best, most
trusted digital networks

BT is building the UK’s digital backbone -
faster, further and more efficiently than
anyone else. Whether it’s full fibre, 5G+,
our five million public Wi-Fi hotspots or
new partnerships in areas like satellite,
we're innovating to provide a more
seamless connectivity experience for
everyone, at a national scale, Our network
infrastructure is intelligent and built for the
future: secure and resilient, safe and, where
it’s needed, sovereign by design.

Full fibre is the UK's most reliable
broadband technology. Ours is a wholly
owned full fibre platform, and will become
the largest overall in Europe by the end of
2026. FY26 was another record-breaking
year for our Openreach full fibre build and
connections. We now reach 23 million
homes and businesses (more than two
thirds of the UK) and already connect more
than 8.8m of them.

In mobile, we extended our clear network
leadership even further, with EE awarded
the UK’s best mobile network in three
separate awards. We also brought 5G+ to
73% of the population and extended our
5G footprint to reach 90.5%. From
boosting mobile capacity in the busiest
urban areas to becoming the first operator

“to switch on mobile coverage in some of

the hardest-to-reach areas across the
UK, our connectivity is transforming lives,
work and communities, and fuelling

local economies.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

Amessage from our Chief Executive (continued)

We support more businesses
than any other network and connect
more homes than anyone else.

Connect

Connecting customers
so they thrive, as we grow,
ina digital world

Of course, building the best networks
alone is not enough. To make it easier and
safer for everyone to live and work in an
increasingly complex and more digital age,
it takes the best brands, products, services
and technology solutions.

Across BT, we support more businesses
than any other network and connect more
homes than anyone else. We make these
connections through four trusted brands:
BT, EE, Plusnet and Openreach. Each of
our brands means different things to
different people - and in FY26 we grew
customer satisfaction across all of them,
as we saw increased demand for our next-
generation networks and products.

In our Consumer division it was a year of
firsts. We became the first major mobile
network to launch under 18s smartphone
plans - Safer SIMs - designed to support
young people at different stages of their
digital development. EE became the first
‘major provider to offer WiFi 7 smart hub
tech as standard across all full fibre plans.
‘And as we use all three of our retail brands—
BT, EE and Plusnet - our Consumer division
increased the number of customers they
serve across mobile, broadband and TV for
the first year in eight. More than half of our
broadband customers are now on full fibre,
and we also increased the share of our
homes that take more than one service
from us (now up to 27%).

In Business, we led the way on digital
sovereignty, introducing the UK's first end-
to-end suite of sovereign services to help
UK private and public sector customers
enhance their security in the face of
growing geopolitical instability. We made
significant wins in the public and private
sectors including BAE Systems, NIE
Networks, and easyJet; and partnerships
with Nscale and CrowdStrike.

And for smaller businesses, we launched
BT Business Antivirus Detect and Respond:
bringing the same Al-powered cyber
security trusted by the world’s biggest
companies to smaller businesses.

Through an investment of over £8m,

27 of ourretail stores across the UK were
transformed to become experiential stores
during the year. This will enable more
people to get hands-on with the latest
connected tech and find out howit can
enhance their lives. We also introduced
business experts into all 400 of our high-
street premises across the UK to provide
face-to-face support at community level.

And we continue to support customers to
innovate and compete. This year we were
appointed the official technology supplier
for Emirates Great Britain SailGP - using
two dedicated slices of our SG+ network:
one to keep fans connected to the event
experience and another to ensure seamless
‘operations for organisers behind the scenes.
We also deepened our partnerships with
the world’s leading tech brands. Whether
that’s with Apple, Samsung, Cisco, Meta,
Quatcomm and Google to bring the latest
products to our customers, with Ericsson
and Nokia to expand Alin our networks,
with Microsoft, NVIDIA, Amazon,
ServiceNow and Salesforce to improve the
way we work, or with CrowdStrike and
Norton to protect our customers with
advanced cyber security. This year we also
announced an agreement with Starlink to
bring satellite connectivity to BT and EE
consumer broadband customers in the
hardest-to-reach locations.

Strategic report

Accelerate

Accelerating our
modernisation, to restore
leadership in everything we do

We are keeping up the pace on our
modernisation and transformation, so that
we become a simpler, more agile, digital
and better BT.

This year we continued to sharpen our
focus on the UK - completing all non-core
divestments internationally. Having carved
out BT International with new leadership,
we're moving rapidly to reshape it as a
next-generation, asset-light telco
platform business.

We are diligently addressing our cost base,
quarter on quarter, year on year. This year
we closed two legacy networks, made even
more progress with customer migrations
and further simplified our IT estate. We

are delivering ahead of plan on the £3bn
transformation programme we announced
two years ago, while boosting our resilience
and setting us up for the future. This has
enabled us to raise our overall transformation
plan target to £3.7bn from £3.0bn extending
the programme by one year to FY30.

‘Our transformation programme is not just
about cost. It is fundamentally improving
how we operate, with simpler processes,
better ways of working and the early
benefits of Al starting to come through.
We completed the Better Workplace
programme, our UK office transformation
plan, with the opening of our flagship new
Manchester office. This brought toa close
the multi-year upgrade which has seen us
consolidate our office spaces from around
300 to closer to 30 key locations
nationwide. In addition, thousands of
colleagues are now benefiting from our Al
Mastery Programme, giving them the skills,
confidence and opportunity to use Alin
their everyday work.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

3 million

customers moved away from
the legacy Public Switched
Telephone Network to date

To date we have moved more than three
million UK households to digital landlines,
providing a safer, more reliable service
ahead of the closure of the outdated
copper-based Public Switched Telephone
Network in January 2027 — alongside
dedicated support for vulnerable people
and Critical National Infrastructure
customers. The move away from inefficient
legacy networks has helped us reduce
energy usage in our networks by 6%,
saving costs as well as reducing our
impact on the environment.

Of course, connections must come with
capability — with all of us ready to get the
most out of digital services at home and
at work. Over the last decade, our work
to close the digital divide has supported
many millions of older people, those

at the beginning of their career and
small business owners with free digital
skills training.

Our partnership with AbilityNet is a great
example: taking free support directly into
communities, creating safe, welcoming
spaces where people can build confidence
at their own pace. Together, we've
supported nearly 20,000 over-65s with
free training, with over 11,500 benefitting
from the courses in the last year alone.

We're also protecting against growing
online threats and changing risks ina
digital world - blocking four million scam
attempts per day, leading the industry on
fraud prevention and defending people
and businesses from cyber criminals
(who scan individual devices more than
4,000 times a day looking for a way in).

The people behind BT

Our people are the beating heart of BT,
from our front-line guides to our field
engineers, those in our office hubs to

our BT family around the world. I'd like

to say a big thank you to every one of our
colleagues and partners who has worked
together to contribute to the progress we
are making as a company.

This year we began an ambitious,
company-wide culture reset to embed a
set of new behaviours across the business
and bring all our colleagues together as
‘One BT’. Having worked with our people
on the behaviours that they believe will
create a better BT for all of us, we are now
building the habits that will make us show
upas ‘customer first challengers, who are
committed, clear and connected’. Our
new behaviours define what a united,
ambitious, customer focused, culture
tooks and feels like, and our employee
‘engagement is now at the highest it’s,
been in recent years.

This year | welcomed new members to my
leadership team. As part of a series of
planned succession moves, Katie Milligan
became CEO of Openreach, succeeding
Clive Selley who became CEO of
International, and Greg McCall became
Chief Security and Networks Officer. We
also welcomed Peter Leukert as Chief
Digital Officer and Leslie McGibbon
joined as Chief Corporate Affairs and
Brand Officer.

Strategic report

Another year of

strong delivery

To close, it’s a been another year of,
progress. We hit our ambitious fibre build
target, extended our mobile leadership,
grew the number of Consumer customers
and households we serve, and drove up
customer satisfaction across all our
brands all while exceeding our
transformation objectives.

We took important steps to embed a new
company-wide culture that is centred on
delivering for our customers and our owners.

And since the year end, I'm excited to say
that we have put BT and our colleagues
back in the spotlight, with a suite of new
products and services and our biggest
‘campaign this decade — reigniting one of
Britain's most iconic brands and
celebrating our unique role in connecting,
protecting and supercharging the UK.

Looking forward, we have plans to bring
full fibre to 30 million UK homes and
businesses, beyond the existing target to
reach 25 million premises by the end of
2026. We will also expand 5G+ coverage
to 99% of the population by Spring 2030.
And we are now setting an expanded
digital inclusion ambition: to reach 30
million people and businesses with di
skills, tools and support by 2030.

There is much more to do to realise BT’s
full potential, but as ‘One BT’ team we are
laser focused on achieving it, and creating
a better BT for all of us - our customers, our
colleagues, the country and our owners.

As

Allison Kirkby
Chief Executive
20 May 2026

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee is chaired
by the Chief Executive. So there

is a single point of accountability,
the Chief Executive (or a delegate)
takes all the decisions.

Allison Kirkby -
Chief Executive =
x

Appointed:

Chief Executive _
February 2024. at
Appointed tot =
Board March 2019

Sabine Chalmers
General Counsel,
pany Secretary and
irector Regulatory Affairs

.

a
a.

vs Appointed:
Bate Va t General Counsel
tate MUR i 2) April 2018. Appointed
\\

Director Regulatory
\__ Affairs and Company
sac Secretary in May

and September 2021

respectively

/ Jon James
CEO, Business

Appointed: . |

pe" 2025 |
‘ be

Strategic report

The Executive Committee provides input and
recommendations to help the Chief Executive:
~ develop the group strategy and budget
for Board approval
- execute the strategy once the Board approves it
~ assure the Board on overall performance and how
we're managing risks.

Simon Lowth
Chief Financial Officer

Appointed:
July 2016

Chief Digital Officer

Appointed:
Septembe

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

Greg McCall
Chief Security and
Networks Officer

Appointed:
January 2026

Alison Wilcox
Chief People &
Culture Officer
Appointed:

June 2025

Tom Meakin
Chief Strategy and
Change Officer

Appointed:
November 2024

Katie Milligan

CEO, Openreach
Appointed:

April 2026

Under the provisions of the
Commitments, Openreach’s

CEO cannot be a member of
the Executive Committee.
Katie attends Executive
Committee meetings

as appropriate

Strategic report

Leslie McGibbon
Chief Corporate Affairs
and Brand Officer

Appointed:
December 2025

Clive Selley
CEO, liiternational
m=.

Appointed:
April 2026

(‘key changes

The following changes to the Executive Committee

took place during the year:

- Peter Leukert joined as Chief Digital Officer

= Leslie McGibbon joined as Chief Corporate Affairs
and Brand Officer
Howard Watson stood down as Chief Security and
Networks Officer on leaving BT Group

- Greg McCall was appointed as Chief Security and
Networks Officer

= Athalie Williams stand cawn as Chief People &
Culture Officer on leaving BT Group

= Alison Wilcox joined as Chief People &
Culture Officer

~ Bas Burger stood down as CEO, International on
leaving BT Group

- Clive Selley stood down as CEO, Openreach and
became CEO, International

- Katie Milligan was aonointed as CEQ, Ooenreach
succeeding Clive Selley

- We have also announced that Patricia Cobian will
join the Executive Committee on 20 July 2026 as
Chief Financial Officer Designate and succeed
Simon Lowth as Chief Financial Officer on 1
September 2026.

@ You can find the blographies of the Executive
Committee at bt.com/exco

\

/

BT Group ple Annual Report 2026

Our business model

Strategic report

WE CONNECT
FOR GOOD

WHO WE ARE

BT Group is a trusted
connector of people,
business and society.
We build and run
the country’s largest
fixed network and
best mobile network.

We design, build, market, sell

and support network access,
connectivity and related products.
We provide connectivity solutions
that are essential to modern

life - broadband, mobile, TV,
networking, security and

IT services.

We also offer handsets, network
equipment, consumer electronics,
gaming and insurance to help our
customers connect, communicate,
share, be entertained and do
business safely and securely.

WHO WE CONNECT

We operate in retail and wholesale markets, delivering
what our customers need through connectivity and
curated solutions - working closely with our partners.

INDIVIDUALS AND HOUSEHOLDS

We help individuals and households do more. Our mobile,
broadband, landline and entertainment services support
our customers at home, at work and on-the-go.

We offer a range of propositions across our three brands:
BT, EE and Plusnet. Consumers can select the brands,
products and services that best suit their needs, from pay-
as-you-go mobile plans, to full fibre broadband with cyber
threat protection - all with a variety of financing options
and support models.

PRIVATE AND PUBLIC SECTOR ORGANISATIONS

We support smail and medium-sized businesses (SMBs)
and larger private and public sector organisations. We help
them operate securely and productively with connectivity,
networking, cyber security, collaboration tools, cloud
connectivity and cloud services.

Larger businesses and public sector customers typically buy
managed solutions that help them protect, operate and
grow, while driving their digital transformations.

COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS (CPs)

We provide regulated wholesale access to Openreach’s
fixed access network infrastructure to more than 700 CPs—
including our own Consumer and Business units. CPs also
buy various connectivity solutions from our Business unit.