ATTIC

SCT SAK2*
Alt 03/09/2020 #55,
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

Limits

BT Group pic
Annual Report 2020

88a 888968 SSesBekEssssooon

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

2

A message from
our Chairman

6

Although the magnitude of the Covid-19 crisis only
became clearer as our 2019/20 financial year was
drawing to a close, it has inevitably had a major impact
on my reflections on the past year, whilst strongly
reinforcing the opportunities | see in our future.

The multiple challenges posed by the
virus have served to highlight the vital
role BT plays in supporting families,
businesses and communities across
the UK and beyond.

BT isa force for good and | am proud of
the way in which the company has risen
to the complex and demanding tasks
involved in keeping our customers and
the societies we serve connected during
the pandemic.

The resilience and performance of

our networks have been fundamental -
supporting our critical public services,
keeping customers online, and breaking
down the barriers of isolation for
families. This is a human effort, as

well asa technological one, and | pay
tribute to the thousands of our key
workers whose endeavours have kept
everyone connected.

Despite the challenges of the Covid-19
crisis, our goal remains to create sustainable
growth in value for shareholders and the

Board is acutely aware of the weakness of
the share price over the past year. While
some of this can be ascribed toa turbulent
macro-economic and political backdrop,
the most significant drivers have been
closer to home —an intensely competitive
market has weighed on the whole sector
and, for BT in particular, uncertainty
around the conditions for a large-scale full
fibre build has made the investment case
difficult.

We share the UK Government's
determination to build the next
generation digital networks this country
needs - illustrated by our collaboration
with others in our industry to create a
shared network for rural mobile coverage.

Investment requires clear and predictable
regulation. Ofcom’s Wholesale Fixed
Telecoms Market Review (covering the
five-year period starting in April 2021)
set out the basis for investors to make

a fair return. We are pleased by the
collaborative spirit that now characterises
our dealings with the regulator, though
there remain issues to be resolved to
support infrastructure investment. We
wished departing Ofcom chief executive,
Sharon White well in her new role as

Chair of John Lewis and we welcome the
appointment of her successor, Melanie
Dawes - we look forward to working with
her and her team in the months ahead,

Our strong stewardship of the network
continues as we stand prepared to invest
in the recently increased ambition for

our full fibre build to reach 20m premises
by the mid- to late-2020s, on the
assumption we obtain the required critical
enablers.

Financial results for the year were in line
with our expectations, underpinned by
the strong performance of new products
and concerted management action to
control costs.

Recognising the importance of dividends
to our shareholders, the Board’s

decision in relation to the dividend has
been exceptionally difficult. BT plays a
key role in sustaining critical national
infrastructure - as magnified by the
Covid- 19 crisis - and many stakeholders
trust and rely on the connectivity we
provide. BT also stands ready to make the
biggest communications infrastructure
investment in the UK ina generation - that
includes building our full fibre network to
20m premises by the mid- to late-2020s.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

To maintain such trust, whilst creating
capacity for value-enhancing investment
and navigating the unprecedented
uncertainties caused by Covid-19 without
compromising our credit rating, the Board
concluded that the prudent and proper
decision was to suspend the 2019/20 final
dividend and all dividends for 2020/21,
and re-base future dividends to a more
sustainable level. The Board believes

that this decision is in the best long-term
interests of shareholders.

We expect to resume dividend payments
in 2021/22, re-based to 7.7p per share.
The Board expects to continue with a
progressive dividend policy from this re-
based level for future years.

BT's role goes beyond creating physical
and digital connectivity. We also want
to help people harness the power of
technology to meet their needs or fulfil
their potential.

To do that, they need the right skills.
Over the past year, we have worked to
address this through launching the Skills
for Tomorrow programme which aims to
reach 10m people in the UK with help to
improve their digital skills by

2025. This programme offers free
resources for school children, parents,
young jobseekers, small businesses and
older or more vulnerable people. BT
volunteers also provide training and
resources to help teachers deliver the
computing curriculum.

The programme rapidly became one of
the key planks of our response to the virus,
helping isolated customers, children and
small business owners with the digital
skills required to cope with the period

of lockdown.

In terms of the climate change challenge,
our technology and communications
networks have a huge role to play in
enabling the innovative solutions and
exponential change needed to achieve
anet zero carbon economy. BT is one of
the UK's largest private sector purchasers
of electricity; 100% of our directly
purchased electricity in the UK comes
from renewable energy suppliers. For

the UK, the switch to full fibre will bring a
significant increase in energy efficiency.
We are also working with others to drive
innovation in electric vehicles to transform
our fleet.

Strategic report

3

BQ For more information read our Digital Impact & Sustainability Report at
bt.com/sustainabilityreport

We continue to review and refresh the
Board as part of succession planning

and to make sure it has the right mix of
skills and experience, Leena Nair and

Sir lan Cheshire joined the Board as
non-executive directors in July 2019

and March 2020 respectively. They will

be joined by Sara Weller CBE on 16 July
2020, immediately before the 2020

AGM. Each adds to the Board's diversity
of experience and thinking. Jasmine
Whitbread stepped down in December
2019 after nearly nine years asa non-
executive director. Earlier this month, we
announced that Adel Al-Saleh would join
the Board with effect from 15 May 2020,
asa non-independent, non-executive
director and Deutsche Telekom's (DT’s)
nominated representative, replacing Tim
Héttges. Finally, Nick Rose, our senior
independent non-executive director will
step down following the AGM after over
nine years on the Board. My sincere thanks
go to Nick, Tim and Jasmine for their years
of service.

Our new Directors’ Remuneration Policy
(Policy) will be put to shareholders

for approval at the upcoming AGM.
Building sustainability into our reward
and remuneration structures is a major
priority. The Policy has been designed to
ensure BT acts for the benefit of all our
stakeholders, while keeping executive
reward aligned with shareholders’
interests.

‘One of the highlights of the year was the
establishment of our Colleague Board.
With members drawn from across our
customer-facing and corporate units, the
Colleague Board represents the voices
and views of BT’s people as an important
input to our decision making. It also builds
stronger engagement between the Board
and our employees. Isabel Hudson, one

of our non-executive directors, is the
dedicated link between the Board and the
Colleague Board.

In many ways the Colleague Board
epitomises the spirit of teamwork with
which we are transforming BT and which
has been evidenced in the company’s
response to Covid- 19. We have a long way
to.go and, like so many others, our task has
been made tougher by recent events, But
we are building strong foundations for a
successful BT that continues to meet the
needs of our shareholders and customers.

M pt Moe

Jan du Plessis
Chairman
6 May 2020

BT Group plc Annual Report 2020

4

Amessage from

our Chief Executive

66
When | became chief executive in February 2019,

| talked of BT’s systemic importance to the UK’s society
and economy. | did that, not to underplay our role as a
leading business partner to the world’s multinational
organisations, but to emphasise that our mission

to build a better BT for the future is in the interests

of the country at large, as well as our investors.

We are here to connect for good —for

the good of our customers, the good

of our colleagues, and the good of our
country. These principles have guided our
decision making throughout the Covid-19
pandemic. Our national leadership role is
central to the UK’s post-Brexit fortunes
and to the Government's bold ambitions
for digital infrastructure; but recent
months have brought it into the sharpest
focus in our company’s history.

lam very proud of BT’s response in recent
months, but equally determined that we
harness that same energy as we continue
to transform the company.

We delivered financial results for the year
in line with our expectations. However,
due to the uncertainty resulting from the
Covid-19 pandemic, we have at this time
decided not to provide an outlook for
2020/21.

Though the Covid-19 crisis has
challenged every aspect of our business,
it has affirmed that our strategic

course is the right one: building strong
foundations through investment and
bold transformation; innovating to
create standout customer experiences;
leading the way toa future in which our
contribution to society is an integral part
of our fortunes.

One of the universal lessons of the Covid-
19 crisis has been the vital importance of
our strong and resilient networks. These
are playing a critical role in keeping the
nation running, including connecting the
Nightingale field hospitals across the UK.

Last year, we worked hard to secure the
conditions for a transformative investment
in full fibre broadband - technology we are
already building out faster than any other
operator in the UK. We have also lifted

our ambition to passing 20m premises
with full fibre by the mid- to late-2020s
with the required critical enablers —
underpinning the Government's vision for
the gigabit economy.

Just as we're switching fixed networks from
copper to fibre, in mobile the shift from

4G to 5G has begun. We are leading the
charge, initially with the EE brand which

in May 2019 became the first operator to
launch its 5G service. We ended 2019/20
with 5G live in almost 80 cities and large
towns across the UK.

Some of its most exciting applications are
for business and public services. This year
we ran trials in healthcare, transportation
and education, testing new frontiers
opened up by this step-change in the
speed and strength of connectivity.

At the core of our strategy is the
convergence of BT's leading network
capabilities to provide unrivalled

customer experiences. For large and global
customers, work is already underway on
atruly differentiated software-driven
solution to deliver the modular, highly
automated services required for success

in today's digital economy.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

BT Halo-the UK's ultimate converged
plan - launched recently to an outstanding
response from customers: almost a third
of our broadband base has already signed
up to Halo.

The spirit of our new brand, encapsulated
as Beyond Limits, breaks down barriers to
help our customers get the most from our
services and support. The brand refresh
was rooted in our biggest ever launch

of new products across the company.
480,000 households have been moved
from copper to superfast fibre free of
charge. Responding to customers, we've
brought all consumer calls back to UK

or Ireland contact centres a year ahead

of schedule. 900 Home Tech Experts

are now out and about, helping people
with setup and service at home. We've
taken BT back to the high street, with a
presence in over 500 stores. The response
has been fantastic, with great feedback
and a significant upturn in the inclination
of public sector, large corporate and
individual customers to recommend

BT to their peers.

This spirit of determined, imaginative
delivery for our customers drove our
response to Covid- 19. Unlit d home
broadband for all, no data limits for NHS
workers, extra support for vulnerable
customers, virtual GP consultations,
enabling intensive care patients to talk
with their loved ones, flexibility and

support for our small business customers...

the innovation and pace of delivery across
these and countless other initiatives were
acredit to the entire BT team.

The BT of the future will be simpler and
more agile. My colleagues - the bedrock
of our future success - have shown they
are up to that challenge. Our engineers,
contact centre staff and others who serve
as key workers have been true heroes. |am
unashamedly proud of them and | thank
them all for their service.

Early in the year we announced that
everyone who works for BT was to be made
a shareholder, giving them a direct stake

in our shared future. Despite the
challenging economic climate, in April
2020 we reaffirmed our annual award

of shares - £500 worth in the first year—
alongside steps to ensure that our frontline
workers were prioritised in our approach
toremuneration.

Our Better Workplace Programme is
consolidating BT’s UK footprint to around
30 modern, future-fit locations. The

past year saw good progress, with hub
locations across the UK confirmed and
long-term homes announced in London,
Birmingham, Bristol and Manchester.

Amore efficient BT is a better BT faster,
smarter, more responsive, less frustrating
for customers and colleagues alike. We are
forging ahead with our drive for efficiency
and simplicity, automating processes to
cut costs, slimming down our product
portfolio and making the most of the
digital opportunity for the full range of
customer interactions.

Building on the £1.6bn of gross cost
savings delivered last year, this end-to-
end simplification programme is expected
to deliver £2bn of annualised gross cost
savings over the next five years. In the
context of a tough trading environment
for our sector and the universal economic
challenges resulting from the Covid-19
crisis, we will act to build firm foundations
for our business and a strong long-term
value proposition for our shareholders.

We have already progressed the sale of
non-core parts of our business, such as

BT Fleet Solutions and our IT business for
the legal profession, Tikit. internationally,
as we sharpen our customer focus on the
leading transnational organisations, we are
divesting some infrastructure no longer
needed to deliver global services in the
digital economy.

Strategic report

5

This clear strategic focus, alongside
prudent control of costs and innovative
investment to meet our customers’
evolving needs, is what our shareholders
rightly expect as we look to the future.

The next technological erais here. Al,
machine learning, robotics and universal
connectivity will change our world all

cover again. All can be a force for good,
but only if we harness their power to the
right ends. In recent months we have seen
social media transmit malicious untruths
about 5G, resulting in damage to vital
infrastructure, the hindrance of health
services and threats to our engineers,

Yet we have also been proud to work with
‘our partners in government to ensure that
the responsible and careful harnessing

of our data spurred the national public
health effort.

What we do matters. We are woven into
the fabric of the UK and play a vital role in
delivering secure services to organisations
around the world. Yet how we doit is of
equal importance. We have shown that

BT stands by the country, by its customers
and by our own people. The months ahead
will bring many further challenges but

we should approach them emboldened,
knowing that we have what it takes to build
a stronger, better BT for the future.

a” Sanh—

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive
6 May 2020

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

6

About BT

Who we are Financial highlights

We’re one of the world’s Revenue

leading communications

services companies. We’re £22.9bn

based in the UK but we serve (2)%

customers in around 180 ;

countries. Change in

adjusted’ revenue

What we do (3) %

We develop and sell

communications propositions Profit before tax

and services, and build and £2.4bn

operate the networks that are (12)%

essential to modern lives,

businesses and communities. Adjusted’ EBITDA
, . —£7.9bn

How we're organised | 7%

We operate as a single business, i|

made up of organisational | Cash flow from

units. There are customer-facing

units that sell propositions and
services and corporate units
that support the whole group.

| operating activities

| £6.3bn

| 47%

cash flow

£2.0bn

(18)%

|
| Normalised free
|
|

Basic earnings
per share

17.5p

(20)%

Capital expenditure

£4,0bn

flat

* Items presented as adjusted are stated before specific items. See page 204
for more information,

* Adjusted (being before specific items, share of post tax profits/losses of
associates and joint ventures and net non-interest related finance expense),
‘as explained in the Additional information on page 204.

© Free cash flow after net interest paid and payment of lease liabilities, before
Pension deficit payments (including the cash tax benefit of pension deficit
Payments) and specific items as explained in the Additional information on
Page 206.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

Our customer-facing units

Consumer

Our three brands - BT, EE

and Plusnet — connect UK
consumers to information,
entertainment, friends and
family, at home and on the
move. Between them, they
provide the whole of the UK
with mobile, broadband, home
phone and TV services.

We buy access to fixed-line
and broadband infrastructure
from Openreach, and we use
EE’s mobile network to provide
mobile phone services.

Led by
Marc Altera
CEO, Consumer

Openreach

We build, and sell access to,
the network that connects the
UK’s homes and businesses.
We provide wholesale ‘last
mile’ fixed access from
homes and businesses to
exchanges, and we install and
maintain the fibre and copper
communications networks.

Led by
Clive Selley
CEO, Openreach

Our corporate units

Strategy and
Transformation

We develop and set corporate,
network and product strategies
for the group. We also drive
pan-BT transformation
programmes.

Led by
Michael Sherman

Chief strategy and transformation
officer

Enterprise

We are the leading business
communications provider in
the UK. We connect more

than 1m business customers
and public sector organisations
with our extensive portfolio

of communications and IT
solutions. We also provide
network products and services
to communications providers
operating in the UK and Republic
of Ireland.

We focus on four main product
markets: fixed voice, mobile,
fixed connectivity and IT services.
We provide managed services
for large networking and security
contracts. Openreach provides
us access to fixed-line and
broadband infrastructure, and
we deliver mobile phone services
over EE’s mobile network.

Led by
Gerry McQuade
CEO, Enterprise

Technology

We design, build and operate
BT’s networks, platforms and IT
systems. We also work with the
customer-facing units to develop
and roll out products and
services for their customers.

Led by
Howard Watson
Chief technology and information officer

Strategic report

Global

We are a leading business
connectivity, communications
and IT services provider to major
multinational corporations

in around 180 countries. We
own an extensive global voice
and data network providing
managed services, security and
network and IT infrastructure
services, enabling customers’
digital transformations.

We partner in countries
worldwide for access to voice
and data infrastructure and we
buy enterprise technologies and
equipment for our customers
from the world’s leading
technology providers.

Led by
Bas Burger
CEO, Global

Corporate functions

The remaining corporate units
carry out central activities on
behalf of the group. We benefit
from shared expertise and
economies of scale.

These include: Finance, Legal &
Company Secretarial, Corporate Affairs,
Regulatory Affairs, HR, Risk, Compliance
& Assurance, Property & Facilities,
Procurement and Group Business
Services (which provides shared services
across the company).

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

8

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee provides
input and recommendations to assist
the chief executive in the day-to-day
management of the business and its
operations. It meets weekly and is
chaired by the chief executive.

The Executive Committee assists the chief
executive in:

developing the group strategy and budget
for the Board’s approval

executing the strategy once agreed by the
Board

providing assurance to the Board in
relation to overall performance and risk
management.

All decisions are taken by the chief executive,
or his delegate, in keeping with the principle
of single point accountability.

Philip Jansen

Chief executive

Appointed as chief executive in February
2019 and to the Board in January 2019.

Philip joined BT from Worldpay where he
had been CEO since April 2013. Before that
he was CEO and then chairman at Brakes
Group between 2010 and 2015. Philip spent
the previous six years at Sodexo where

he was group chief operating officer and
chief executive, Europe, South Africa and
India. Prior to that he was chief operating
officer at MyTravel Group from 2002 to
2004 and managing director of Telewest
Communications (now Virgin Media) from
2000 to 2002, after starting his career at
Procter & Gamble.

Simon Lowth

Chief financial officer

Appointed to the Board as chief financial
officer in July 2016.

Simon was CFO of BG Group before

the takeover by Royal Dutch Shell in
February 2016. Prior to that he was CFO
of AstraZeneca, and finance director
and executive director of ScottishPower.
Simon was also previously a director of
McKinsey & Company.

Ed Petter
Corporate affairs director
Appointed November 2016.

Ed was formerly deputy director of
corporate affairs at Lloyds Banking Group.
Prior to that he held corporate affairs
roles at McDonald’s Europe, McKinsey

& Company and the Blue Rubicon
communications consultancy, having
previously worked as a news producer

and editor at the BBC.

Howard Watson
Chief technology and information officer
Appointed February 2016.

Howard was formerly chief architect and
managing director, global IT systems and
led the technical teams behind the launch
of BT Sport in 2013.

Howard joined BT in 2011 and has 30
years of telecoms experience having
spent time at Telewest Communications
(now Virgin Media) and Cartesian, a
telecommunications consultancy and
software company.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

Strategic report
9

Marc Allera

CEO, Consumer

Appointed February 2016 as CEO, EE
and became CEO, Consumer in
September 2017.

Marc was previously chief commercial
officer for EE from 2011 to 2015. Mare
spent ten years at Three UK as sales and
marketing director and subsequently chief
commercial officer. Prior to that, Marc was
general manager of Sega UK and Europe.

Bas Burger

CEO, Global

Appointed June 2017.

Bas was formerly president, BT in the
Americas, BT Global Services. Bas joined
BT in 2008 as CEO Benelux.

Before joining BT, Bas was executive
president and a member of the
management committee of Getronics NV,
where he ran global sales, channels and
partnerships, developing the company’s
international business. He was also CEO
and managing director of KPN Entercom
Solutions.

Sabine Chalmers
General counsel
Appointed April 2018.

Before joining BT, Sabine was chief
legal and corporate affairs officer and
company secretary of Anheuser-Busch
InBev for 12 years, She also held various
legal leadership roles at Diageo. Sabine
is qualified to practise law in England and

Gerry McQuade

CEO, Enterprise

Appointed CEO, Wholesale and
Ventures in March 2016 and became
CEO, Enterprise in May 2018. Gerry

was formerly chief sales and marketing
officer at EE responsible for the business,
wholesale and product development
areas which he had overseen since the
merger in 2010 of Orange and T-Mobile.

Wales and New York State. He joined the board of Orange in January
2008, and prior to Orange he was a
founding director of Virgin Mobile.
— Cathryn Ross Michael Sherman
Regulatory affairs director Chief strategy and transformation officer
&. Appointed January 2018. Appointed May 2018.

of Ofwat, the independent economic
regulator for the water and waste water
sector in England and Wales. Cathrynis an
experienced regulatory and competition
economist and has worked across a number
of different sectors advising on economic,
regulatory and competition issues.

PS. Cathryn was formerly chief executive

Alison Wilcox
HR director
Appointed July 2015.

Alison was formerly regional HR director for
Vodafone Europe and before that, regional
HR director for Vodafone's Africa, Middle
East and Asia Pacific footprint. Alison joined
Vodafone in 2006 as group director of
leadership following a career in consulting.

Clive Selley
Invitee, CEO, Openreach
Appointed February 2016.

Clive was formerly CEO, BT Technology,
Service & Operations, CEO BT innovate
& design and before that president,

BT Global Services portfolio & service
design. The CEO of Openreach

cannot bea member of the Executive
Committee under the provisions of the
Commitments. Clive attends Executive
Committee meetings as appropriate.

Michaelis responsible for developing
BT's long-term strategy and guiding
pan-BT business transformation. Prior to
BT, Michael was a partner and managing
director at Boston Consulting Group for
11 years. Before that, Michael spent eight
years as an executive at Viewlocity, an
enterprise software company.

Rachel Canham.
Company secretary & general counsel,
governance

Rachel is company secretary of
BT Group plc. She joined BT in 2011

asa senior commercial lawyer before
becoming chief counsel for mergers

& acquisitions in 2013. Rachel was
appointed company secretary & general
counsel, governance in November
2018. Rachel attends all Executive
Committee meetings.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2020

10

Customers and markets

Our business model - and the strategies
that support it - starts with understanding
our customers and markets.

Fixed connectivity market

Key trends

We operate in a rapidly changing environment. By
understanding market trends in our own industry,
and others that affect us, we can take advantage
of opportunities as they arise. This helps us to act
quickly to reduce risks to our business.

Our portfolio of propositions and services

Supported by the UK Government, the fixed connectivity market
is undergoing a technological migration from the legacy Public
Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) to Internet Protocol (IP).
This is because newer technologies are more efficient and have
lower running costs.

In both the consumer and enterprise markets, data consumption
through fixed connectivity is increasing. With more connected
devices and increased TV, gaming and streaming content (in
higher definition), data consumption is increasing at 20% year-
on-year.

Price competition for phone and broadband is more intense

than ever. Therefore, revenue opportunities are focused on

the increase in demand for higher speed and better quality
propositions. This is driven by consumers and businesses using
more data, and by demand for supplementary services such as
security and entertainment.

We are also seeing rapid business adoption of collaboration tools
like Microsoft Teams. More businesses are moving their processes
and software to the cloud driving increased demand for high
bandwidth.

We provide direct connectivity to homes and businesses, which is
our biggest market by revenue.

We sell a range of propositions and services, including fixed voice
o