BT Group

KEI GO SLE

Building

Connecting

our customers

Accelerating

j Unit

<

a

n

rr

Fad ARI

“ coupanies HOUSE

BT Group plc > a ce
Annual Report 2024 A3 24/09/2024 #170

COMPANIES HOUSE

Every connection
tells a story
The connections you make

create a picture of modern
life in the digital world.

~ 200m

of your devices were
connected to our network.

94722"

Petabytes consumed

One Petabyte is one million Gigabytes.
With 94,722Pb’, you could stream ‘Barbie’
over 7.2 billion times. In 4K quality.

a Petabytes consumed is for calendar year 2023.

Faster
Our 5G infrastructure has increased average
download speed by 121% since 2019.

A network record peak
You helped create more of these
record peaks in network traffic than ever.

ding Online annual review
ae Comnectin HEE | Tooxplorea year inthe life of
aM our customers and colleagues,
Accelerating visit our online review.

btcom/annualreview

What connects us
defines us

Our network enables
millions of customers
to make trillions of
connections between
the people, places and
things that matter most
to them.

Each connection carries data. And it
creates data too. We've collated it here
to reveal a year in the life of customers
who've never relied on us more.

The video calls that bring families
together. The unbroken streams of
shows and sports. The games, apps,
deliveries and chats.

Fixed or mobile, at home, work or

play, our growing network makes these
connections happen. And we have the
storytelling stats to show it.

Mobile coverage

We operate more than 19,500 mobile sites across the UK,
including 1,350 brand new mast sites built since 2013.

That's a new mobile site being built every three days for
the past decade to elevate the UK’s mobile connectivity.

4G
Our 4G population coverage in each
individual nation now stands at:
ingland (99%), Northern Ireland (98%),
yY = (99%), I ),
'O = Scotland (99%), and Wales (98%)
5G

Our 5G population coverage ineach
individual nation now stands at:
Y England (77%), Northern Ireland (29%),
‘O = Scotland (73%), and Wales (77%)

@Fibre coverage

We're building our new full fibre network across the UK, from rural
villages to city centres, with 13.8m premises covered, equivalent

to over 40% of UK homes and businesses already able to access
ultrafast, ultra-reliable broadband. We're reaching more properties
every day - including one million just in the final quarter.

Our fibre geographic coverage in each
individual nation now stands at:
4 England (10.9m), Northern Zreland (0.8m),
'O = Scotland (1.2m), and Wales (0.9m)

This map is a visual representation of network
coverage and should not be taken as 100% accurate.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2024

Contents

Revenue

220.8pn 1%

(FY23: £20.7bn)

Profit before tax

1. 2bn (31)%

(FY23:£1.7bn)

Adjusted* EBITDA

28. Lon 2%

(FY23: £7.9bn)

Cash flow from operating activities

£6.Opn (11)%

(FY23: £6.7bn)

Normalised free cash flow?

e1 . 3bn (4)%

(FY23: £1.3bn)

Basic earnings per share

8.7 p (55)%

(FY23: 19.4p)

Capital expenditure

c4.9bn (3)%

(FY23: £5.1bn)

a Adjusted EBITDA is group profit or loss before specific items, net finance
expense, taxation, depreciation and amortisation and share of post tax
profits or losses of associates and joint ventures. See page 232.

b We define normalised free cash flaw on page 232.

Strategic report

ee
Strategic report

Amessage from our Chairman 2
AmessagefromourChiefExecutive
ecutiveCommittee ssSs—i<CSi
Ourbusinessmodel “40
Trends shaping our industry and business _ 16
Our strategic framework - 18
Progress against our strategic framework _ 20
Our people : _ “30°
OurManifesto
‘Our stakeholders nS
Non-financial and sustainability information statement 46
Ourkey performance indicators(KPls) "48
Group performance 50
Regulatory update nT
Amessage from the Chair of Openreach ~ ‘60.
Risk management oO 61
‘Ourprincipal risks and uncertainties 63
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures “7
Task Force on Climate related Financial - =<
83
Financial statements 7 a3
Additionalinformation Oo  28t

This Strategic report was approved by the Board on 15 May 2024
and signed on its behalf by the Chairman.

Adam Crozier |
Chairman ie Ae
15 May 2024

HI Youcan find our cautionary statement on forward-looking
statements on page 234.

HH] Pages 1 to 82 are the Strategic report. It includes our
business model, progress against our strategic framework,
our key performance indicators, group performance and our
principal risks and uncertainties.

fH Youcan find our Corporate governance report on pages 83
to 130. Itincludes the Directors’ report and information on
our directors’ remuneration.

When we say ‘BT Group’ and ‘the group’ in this document we
mean BT Group plc- made up of our subsidiaries, customer-facing
units and internal corporate units. When we say ‘FY24’ we mean
the financial year that ended on 31 March 2024, and we use the
same approach for any other years.

ee
Look out for these throughout the report

Reference to another page in the report
[H Reference to further reading online

BT Group ple Annual Report 2024 Strategic report

A message from our Chairman

Connecting the UK
while transforming
our business.

BT Group has made good progress in
the last few years and yet we still
have an enormous transformation
ahead of us if we're to truly
modernise the way we operate for
the benefit of all our stakeholders.
As our investment expenditure
reduces and as Allison's leadership
brings renewed focus and
accelerated delivery, I'm confident
that the long-term prospects for
BT Group are extremely strong.

Adam Crozier
Chairman

)
The connections that we

provide are more critical

than ever, and our customers’
needs and demands are

constantly evolving.

Keeping the UK's homes, public services and businesses
connected places a huge responsibility on BT Group ~

one that we’ve continued to meet successfully in

FY24, while sustainably growing our business and
continuing to transform our operations.

We've also achieved this while facing significant
change across the organisation, including the
appointment of our new Chief Executive.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2024

Strategic report

Thank you to Philip

After five years as Chief Executive of BT
Group, Philip Jansen stood down at the
end of January 2024. Philip achieved a
huge amount during his time, most notably
setting our vision to provide full fibre
connections to 25m premises across the
UK by December 2026 - a target we are
well over halfway towards completing.

Philip’s tenure was also marked by a
number of exceptional external challenges.
Covid-19 caused immediate changes to
everyday life and lasting shifts in how
businesses and society operate, and BT
Group successfully adapted to both under
Philip’s leadership. He also steered the
business through the impacts of events
such as the cost-of-living crisis, high
inflation rates and the invasion of Ukraine.

I'd like to take the opportunity to again
thank Philip personally, and on behalf of
the Board, for everything he delivered for
BT Group and the foundation he’s set for
our future success. | wish him all the best
with his future endeavours.

Welcoming Allison

In February 2024, we welcomed Allison
Kirkby as our new Chief Executive. She isa
proven leader, with deep sector experience
and a history of transforming businesses.

Having served as a member of our Board
since 2019, Allison already has a full
understanding of our long-term strategic
objectives. On the following pages, she
sets out how she’s shaping this strategy to
deliver for our customers and stakeholders
better and faster.

‘This will be achieved by focusing on building
and connecting customers to our networks,
and accelerating the transformation of BT
Group to improve our customer service and
for the benefit of all our stakeholders. The
Board and | took forward to supporting this,
agenda and Allison’s leadership in her new
‘executive capacity.

Moving beyond peak investment
We've steadily accelerated the delivery
of our unprecedented investment
programme, creating the UK's digital
backbone and enabling growth in its
economy and businesses. Building and
connecting faster hastens the delivery
of returns to our shareholders.

FY24is the year in which we passed the
peak of our capital expenditure on this
programme, enabling us to see greater
normalised free cash flow over the coming
years. This gives us confidence to increase
the full year dividend to 8.0 pence per
share while reaffirming our progressive
dividend policy for our loyal investors.

Enabling better

outcomes for the UK

While change both inside and outside

BT Group is now constant, our purpose
endures: We Connect for Good, Our
network investments, alongside our
Manifesto commitments to deliver
responsible, inclusive and sustainable
technology, create a foundation for greater
inclusivity and wider benefits to society.

We're committed to ensuring that the
networks we provide, and the essential
services they enable, are accessed and
utilised as widely as possible across the UK. In
2021, we set an ambitious goal to reach 25m
people in the UK with digital skills by March
2026, and we're on track to hit that target.
Wealso continue to move forward on our
wider sustainability goals, with a commitment
to build towards a circular BT Group by the
end of March 2030, and a circular tech
ecosystem by end of March 2040.

We've continued to make clear progress
on reducing our environmental impact,

with a 61% reduction in operational carbon
emissions intensity (compared to FY17
levels) — but we want to go further too, both
in our own operations but also within the
wider ecosystem we enable. That's why
we've set a target to achieve net zero carbon
emissions in our operations by the end of
March 2031, and for supply chain and
customer carbon emissions by the end

of March 2041.

Engaging with our stakeholders
The massive investments we've been
making, amid highly challenging economic
conditions and constantly increasing data
usage and demand, have created
inflationary pressures on our business. This
has an unavoidable impact on the prices
we must charge our customers. We know
these rises are never welcome, which is
why it's critical that the rationale behind
them is fully explained and understood.

Our Consumer business was the first in the
industry to incorporate Ofcom's latest
proposals on pricing, moving toa ‘pounds
and pence’ structure so that customers
have a ctear view of costs across their
contracted period. We've also continued
to protect our social tariff and pay as you
go customers from price increases, to
ensure everyone is able to remain online.

We're engaging with a broad range of
stakeholders, including Ofcom, UK
Government, the Digital Voice Advisory
Board and Telecare Action Board, as we
progress the switch from analogue to
digital landlines. Along with other
communications providers, we paused ali
non-voluntary migrations in December
2023, and we now expect to have migrated

all customers off the public switched
telephone network (PSTN) by the end

of January 2027, allowing us to align the
programme with full fibre broadband
customer upgrades where availabte. This
timescale will ensure we get this right while
delivering this essential programme to
ensure the long-term resilience of our
networks and services.

Board changes

In January 2024 we welcomed Raphael
Kubler, Chief Operating Officer at
Deutsche Telekom, to our Board.
Raphael replaced Adel Al-Saleh as
Deutsche Telekom’s nominated Board
representative, and we look forward to
working with him going forward.

In May of this year we also welcomed Tushar
Morzaria to the Board asan Independent
Non-Executive Director. Tushar bringsa
wealth of strategic financial management
experience gained over 25 years of
overseeing transformation programmes and
strengthening risk and control frameworks
in complex global organisations.

lan Cheshire and lain Conn stepped down
from the BT Group Board in July 2023,
with Ruth Cairnie succeeding them in the
roles of both Senior Independent Non-
Executive Director and Chair of the
Remuneration Committee.

I'm confident that the collective expertise
and varied backgrounds of our Board
members mean we have the right range

of skills and experience to progress BT
Group’s ambitions, while also meeting best
practice and the guidelines set out in our
Board Diversity and Inclusion Policy,

Looking ahead

BT Group has made good progress in

the last few years and yet we still have an
enormous transformation ahead of us if we
are to truly modernise the way we operate
for the benefit of all our stakeholders.

While we'vea long way to go, our strategy is
beginning to deliver, creating the next
generation networks that connect the UK,
while seeing clear improvements in
‘operational efficiency and financial returns.

As our investment expenditure reduces
andas Allison’s leadership brings

renewed focus and accelerated delivery,
I'm confident that the long-term prospects
for BT Group are extremely strong.

Adam Crozier
Chairman
15 May 2024 oa

8T Group ple Annual Report 2024

Strategic report

A message from our Chief Executive

Sharpening
our focus.

Since her appointment as Chief Executive,
Allison has visited BT Group sites across
the UK, including:

Glasgow

\

Beant @

/ Heniey-on
Thames
Merthyr Tyatt @
Corcitt ee
Bristol Windsor

BT Group built and connected
customers to our next generation
networks at record speed and
efficiency over the past year,
while continuing to grow
revenue and EBITDA.

Allison Kirkby
* Chief Executive

Watch our CEO reflect on
her first few months in office.

}btLcom/annualreview

Full fibre rollout:
now at 13.8m premises

13.8m

Normalised free cash flow:
Taising targets to c.£3.0bn by 2030

c.£3.0bn

BT Group ple Annual Report 2024

Sharpening our focus on being the
best we can be for our customers,
for our shareholders and for the UK.

Strategic report

SS
Having passed peak
capex on our full fibre
broadband rollout and
achieved our £3bn cost
and service transformation
programme a year ahead
of schedule, we've now
reached the inflection
point on our long-term
strategy.

Early reflections
ve spent the last few months meeting as
many of our customers and stakeholders
as possible. Every interaction has
confirmed to me that connectivity is the
lifeblood of the UK's society and economy.
We provide the digital backbone for the
nation; without us, life as we know it stops.
That might sound dramatic, but it’s true
andit’s why everything we do has to be
focused on supporting the customers who
rely on us and living up to our purpose, to
connect for good.

I've now visited close to 20 BT Group sites
in the UK to meet with colleagues across
our operations, and it’s been fantastic to
see their commitment and passion for
what we do. As they're the people who
connect with our customers most often,
hearing their perspectives on our
strengths, opportunities and challenges
has also been invaluable as I've shaped
my thinking.

These conversations have deepened my
appreciation of the fantastic assets that
make us unique. We're unrivailed in our
experience of operating critical national
infrastructure, our breadth of private and
public sector customer relationships, our
research and development credentials,
our partnerships with the world’s leading
technology firms, and above all our brilliant
people who underpin everything we do.

We must harness these strengths as we
move into the next phase of BT Group's
transformation. We're over the peak of
our investment in fibre-to-the-premises
(‘FTTP’ or ‘full fibre’); take-up of 5G and
FTTP is growing; and we're seeing higher
customer satisfaction across the business
as our networks and services provide ever-
improving experiences. But we can and
must go faster in utilising the full power of
‘our networks. We'll do this by sharpening
‘our focus on being the best we can be for
‘our customers, for our shareholders and
for the UK.

Our financial performance

Over the past year we delivered a solid
operating and financial performance, with
growth in both adjusted revenue and
EBITDA. We passed peak capex on our
full fibre broadband rollout and achieved
£3bn of annualised cost savings a

year ahead of schedule.

This means we've now reached the
infiection point where we emerge from
the most capital-intensive phase of our
investment programme. It also gives us the
confidence to provide new guidance that
significantly increases our short-term cash
flow and sets out a path to more than
double our normalised free cash flow over
the next five years. This enhanced cash
flow allows us to increase our dividend

for FY24 by 3.9% to 8.0 pence per share
We're also setting an additional £3bn

of gross annualised cost savings to be
reached by the end of FY29.

| know BT Group's share price has
underperformed in recent years, but we
now have a clear, positive path that aims to
drive significant value for all stakeholders
going forward.

Connecting the UK

Our full fibre rollout has delivered the UK’s
largest private national infrastructure
programme, on time and on budget. It

will deliver huge benefits to the UK, with
nationwide full fibre broadband predicted
to increase national GDP by £72bn ~ or
about 2% — by 2030.

We've built at record speed and efficiency
this past year, with an additional 3.5m
premises passed, taking us to 13.8m
premises covered — equivalent to well over
40% of UK homes. in fact, we're currently
the fastest builder of fibre anywhere in
Europe, and at a lower cost than our major
competitors in the UK. More importantly,
we're also seeing industry-leading
customer take up of our FTTP networks
at 34% - and this is even stronger where
we built two or more years ago, with

take up of over 50%.

We've continued our rollout of 5G, which
now covers 75% of the UK population, and
grown our 5G-ready customer base to
111m. Our overall mobile network has
increased to 88% of the UK by geography,
inctuding new mobile connectivity in 33
London Underground stations. We're also
the only network provider to have hit our
Shared Rural Network commitment to
Government, bringing mobite coverage to
many parts of the country for the first time.
The customer experience uplift is evident
from the scale of traffic increase that we
see when new locations are connected.

In remote parts of Scotland, for example,
we have seen this drive new commerce
for businesses, enable people to use
ontine services for the first time, and
connect emergency services in the

most remote locations.

We're not just providing brilliant fixed and
mobile networks — we're also combining
them with the key services our customers
need to live, work, game and learn. For
example, we iaunched EE Fibre 1.6Gbps,
offering the fastest home broadband
speeds of any major provider, and a new EE
TV app and set-top box, fully integrated
with Apple TV 4K. For businesses, we
announced Global Fabric, which will
enable organisations to seamlessly and
securely connect to multiple clouds and
seize the advantages of digital automation
and artificial inteltigence (AI), and we've
also launched new customer solutions via
collaborations with companies such as
Google, SAP and Microsoft. These are
refiected in strong customer satisfaction
metrics across the business, and external
accolades such as EE being named as
RootMetrics’ number 1 mobile network
for the 21st time.

BT Group ple Annual Report 2024 Strategic report

A message from our Chief Executive continued

Our strategy
for growth

To deliver long-term sustainable
growth, we’ve set ourselves five priorities
within our overall strategic framework:

Grow Consumer through
1 converged solutions
Led by EE, Consumer will win more
UK households by creating deeper relationships

on the back of leadership in full fibre broadband,
5G and convergence.

Capitalise on Business’ unrivalled
assets to restore growth

Business will help customers grow through
next generation connectivity solutions,
leading managed services and outstanding
customer experience.

Grow Openreach and get strong
returns on full fibre broadband
Openreach is building the UK's largest full fibre
broadband network. It will get cost advantage
from this scale, upgrade customers to the new
platform, continue to provide industry-leading
service and strengthen alt its communications
provider relationships.

Transform our cost base and

be more productive

Across BT Group we will fundamentally change
what we do and how we work. We'll automate,
digitise and close old systems, processes and
networks. This will cut costs, help us do things
faster and bring better experiences to our
customers and colleagues.

Optimise our company portfolio

and capital allocation

We will keep strengthening our portfolio by
buying, selling or partnering to push our strategy
forward. We'll invest in next generation networks
and solutions to meet customers’ needs and
deliver shareholder returns. As we finish rolling
out fuil fibre broadband, we'll reduce capital
expenditure by c.£1bn and increase normalised
free cash flow.

BT Group plc Annual Report 2024

As we move into the next phase of BT Group’s
transformation, we are sharpening our focus
to be better for our customers and the country,
by accelerating the modernisation of our
operations, and by exploring options to
optimise our global business.

Strategic report

Strategy

This year’s Annual Report provides many
more examples of how our long-term
strategy is delivering: we're building and
connecting our customers to next
generation networks at pace; we're
creating standout customer experiences;
and we're leading the way to a bright and
sustainable future.

While building our next generation IT and
network infrastructure, we're proactively
moving customers off legacy platforms
that don’t deliver the full benefits of digital
connectivity. We recently completed the
sunsetting of our 3G mobite network, and
we're continuing to move customers

onto digital IP-based services. We now
expect to have completed this shift by
January 2027.

Weare also radically simplifying our
product and customer journeys by
partnering with leading technology
players and responsibly adopting new
technologies such as Al to enable
customer benefits and business growth.

In October, we launched our new
integrated EE digital platform to drive
convergence. This included new
connectivity propositions, building on

‘our FTTP and 5G leadership, improved
products and services and a simpler, better
set of customer journeys. Overall this is
driving a better customer experience, with
those that have migrated showing a higher
rate of convergence and NPS.

Our strategy is delivering, and when BT
Group wins, the UK wins. But the world
around us is moving at pace, and so must
we. | will set out more on this in the coming
months, but | am already clear that my
ambition for BT Group is to be the UK's
most trusted connector of people, devices
and machines.

The digital opportunity for the UK
Having spent the last decade running
telecoms companies in Scandinavia, I've
seen first-hand how much more digital and
connected those nations are. For example,
Sweden's equivalent FTTP take-up rate is
over 80%, and they have far greater
adoption of the new services that this
connectivity enables. Digital platforms are
embedded and aligned across all aspects
of everyday life, with online banking,
payment, pubtic services and healthcare
apps used at much higher rates than in

the UK.

What | saw in Sweden is a clear example
of how a better-connected society can
unlock huge benefits for both
governments and citizens. As well as
reducing costs, bureaucracy, fraud and
complexity, these digital services also
have great potential to help society
decarbonise, and to underpin the creation
of new, technology-based models that
empower businesses to compete in an
increasingly digital, global marketplace.

That’s why I'm committed to ensuring 8T
Group plays key role in helping the UK
catch up and realise the benefits of a fully
connected society. This isn’t something
that’s nice to do -it's critical tothe

UK's future.

Having made huge investments into
UK infrastructure and services, we must
ensure everyone now benefits from them.
And ail the right foundations are in place to
enable this. As well as our own networks,
we have regulatory stability, government
policy that incentivises further investment,
and strong competition spurring all of usin
the industry to keep innovating.

I know from my years of experience in the
industry that the most successful telcos
around the world are national champions
who leverage their history, their assets and
technology leadership to create value for
all. Building on the progress we have made,
and with the transformation of BT Group
now accelerating, we are moving into a
phase where the full potentiat of our
brands, networks, products and services
can be realised. This will unlock benefits
for UK citizens, businesses and the
economy asa whole - and | personally
can’t wait to start delivering for allour
stakeholders.

Allison Kirkby
Chief Executive
15 May 2024

BT Group ple Annual Report 2024

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee is
chaired by the Chief Executive.
So that there isa single point
of accountabitity, the Chief
Executive (or a delegate)
takes all the decisions.

The Executive Committee provides
input and recommendations to
help the Chief Executive:
~ develop group strategy and budget
for Board approval
~ execute the strategy once the
Board approves it
~ assure the Board on overall
performance and how we're
managing risks.

Key changes this year

The following changes to the Executive

Committee took place during the year:

- Philip Jansen stood down as Chief
Executive.

~ Allison Kirkby was appointed as Chief
Executive.

~ Ed Petter stood down as Corporate
Affairs Director on leaving BT Group.

- Tom Engel was appointed Corporate
Affairs Director (Interim).

Allison Kirkby
Chief Executive

Strategic report

*& re

{
Simon Lowth
Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Chief Executive February 2024.
Appointed to the Board March 2019,

From May 2020 until becoming BT Group
Chief Executive, Allison was President &
CEO of Telia Company. She was
previously President & Group CEO of TDC
Group until October 2019, and President
& Group CEO of Tele2 AB from 2015to
2018, having been Tele2 AB's Group CFO
from 2014.

Harmeen Mehta
Chief Digital and innovation Officer

Appointed July 2016.

Simon was CFO of BG Group before

the takeover by Royal Dutch Shell in
February 2016. Before that he was CFO.
of AstraZeneca, and Finance Director
and Executive Director of ScottishPower,
Simon was also previously a Director of
McKinsey & Company.

Tom Engel
Corporate Affairs Director (Interim)

Appointed March 2021

Appointed December 2023.

Harmeen is a global leader in incubating
new businesses and creating revenue
streams, with over 25 years’ experience of
digital transformation and running
technology-ied businesses.

Before joining BT Group, Harmeen was
group CIO and Head of Cloud & Security
business at Bharti Airtel. Before that, she
was CIO at Bank of America Merrill Lynch,
BBVA and HSBC. Harmeen is a Non-
Executive Director of Lloyds Banking
Group, and a board member of TM Forum.

Before BT Group, Tom held
communications leadership positions at
DFID, DWP and the Natural History
Museum. He has worked in the UK and
South African parliaments and served as.
a Special Adviser in the Blair government.
Consulting roles have seen Tom work for
a wide range of clients, from pop groups to
multinationals, trade bodies to charities.
Whilst based in Hong Kong, he helped to
grow and sella private PR company.