BT Group
—

*ACBL1AIG*

COMPANIES HOUSE

Connect.
For
Good.

Much done, much more to do

We to invest in the UK's
- growth, productivity andl immovation.

» backdrop, the transiiormacion oF

BY Group continues for the benefit: of
Were worteing hhaire!
TO Grease a bettuar Tumure for EvVerRvone.
We're claliiverning on our surTauagy nus

there iis still, more to clo.

Revenue

£2.0.7bN «1%

(FY22: £20.9bn)

Profit before tax

£1.7bN «x

(FY22: £2.0bn)

Adjusted* EBITDA

£7.9bn sx

(FY22: £7.6bn)

Cash flow from operating activities

£6.7bNn 14%

(FY22: £5.9bn)

Normalised free cash flow?

£1.3bNn 6x

(FY22: £1.4bn)

Basic earnings per share

19.4p 50%

(FY22: 12.9p)

Capital expenditure

£5.1bn «x

(FY22: £5.3bn)

a Adjusted EBITDA is defined as the group profit orloss before specific items, net finance
expense, taxation, depreciation and amortisation and share of post tax profits or losses
of associates and joint ventures. See page 234.

b Normalised free cash flow as defined on page 234.

Strategicreport 001

Contents

Strategic report

Amessage from our Chairman 2
Amessage from our Chief Executive 4
Executive Committee 8
Our business model 10
Key trends influencing us 14
Our strategic framework 16
Progress against our strategic framework 18
‘Our people 32
Our Manifesto 36
Our stakeholders 40
Non-financial information 46
Our key performance indicators (KPIs) 48
Group performance 50
Regulatory update 58
Aletter from the Chair of Openreach 60
Risk management 61
Our principal risks and uncertainties 63
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 71
Viability statement 81
Corporate governance report 83
Financial statements 137
Additional information 233

This Strategic report was approved
by the Board on 17 May 2023.

By order of the Board.

Adam Crozier

Chairman — .
17 May 2023

Please see the cautionary statement regarding
forward-looking statements on page 236.

E Pages 1 to 82 form the Strategic report. It includes
our business model, progress against our strategic
framework, our key performance indicators, group
performance and our principal risks and uncertainties.

E_ The Corporate governance report on pages 83 to 136
forms the Report of the Directors and includes the
Report on directors’ remuneration.

In this document, references to ‘BT Group’ and ‘the group’
are to BT Group plc comprising its subsidiaries, customer-
facing units and internal corporate units. A reference to

a year expressed as FY23 is to the financial year ended

31 March 2023; FY22 is to the financial year ended

31 March 2022 and soon.

Look out forthese throughout the report

@ Refecencetoanother ) Referencetofurther
pageinthereport teadingeniine

002 BT Group ple Annual Report 2023

A message from
our Chairman

£24bn

Areport into our national and regional
economic impact in the UK' (FY22)
estimated that our activities provide a
£24bn boost to the economy every year

Resilience
enabling
a national

mission

We have a responsibility to transform. Everybody
at BT Group, across the Board, our managerial
and front-line colleagues, has a clear sense of
what we must do to deliver on our strategy to
transform this business for the benefit of all

our stakeholders.

Philip sets out the detail and vision for BT
Group’s future in his letter (pages 4to7),
and the Board and I have every confidence
that he and his Executive Committee have
the right plan and are the right team to lead
BT Group through its transformation.

As| wrote here last year, a transformation
of this size cannot be accomplished
overnight. However, there are clear signs
of progress at this stage in the multi-year
programme. Anditis also clear that every
team across the business is tenaciously
pursuing our transformation agenda as we
move from copper to fibre, analogue to
digital, manual to automated.

The immense value that BT Group delivers
to the UK is hard, but not impossible,

to quantify. A report into our national

and regional economic impact in the

UK’ (FY22) estimated that our activities
provide a £24bn boost to the economy
every year, and the business supports a
total of 284,000 jobs across the country.

These calculations are a reminder of the
central role BT Group plays in the lives of
families and businesses up and down the
UK and globally. A role that brings great
responsibility: to continue delivering for
our customers no matter what. To do that
we need to enact one of the most radical
overhauls of a company and its product
offering in UK corporate history.

Investing for the long-term for our
customers and our shareholders

The team delivered another year of strong
financial and operational results in FY23,
despite some extremely challenging
conditions. This allowed us to declare an
FY23 final dividend of 5.39 pence per share
tobe paid on 13 September 2023, bringing
the full year dividend to 7.7 pence per share.

As we continue through the most intensive
phase of our full fibre? investment
programme, capital expenditure will
remain high with a corresponding impact
on our normalised free cash flow. Despite
this short-term impact, the Board remains
convinced that the investments BT Group
is making today will be value enhancing,
benefiting our customers and generating
long-term growth.

Although our share price underperformed
this year compared to last, BT Group must
continue to drive its strategic agenda for
long-term growth, and to do that it must
take a long-term view on the investments
required to deliver it.

Competition driving

the right outcomes

The scale and speed of BT Group’s
investment in full fibre broadband are, in
part, down to the regulatory framework
set by our regulator, Ofcom. They have
incentivised new network build across
the country through a combination of
strong competition balanced by a regime
that allows fair returns. We remain

fully committed to working within this
framework and context set by Ofcom.

Building full fibre broadband is a national
mission and we will play our part. It will
create better outcomes for families and
businesses across the UK, as well as the
wider economy: a recently updated report
by the Centre for Economics and Business
Research estimated that Openreach’s
full fibre network is expected to deliver

a £72bn uplift to the output of the UK
economy in 2030.

Our duty to customers

Our role is about more than just building
new networks; we also have a duty to
provide access and opportunity for
customers, leaving no one behind.

Ofcom data shows that 10% of households
lack a broadband connection —a figure that
rises to 26% for the over 75s. Of course,

in some cases thisis by choice rather than
the result of poverty, but in any event these
statistics equate to growing social and
economic exclusion. We need to tackle this,
ensuring that we are building for everyone.

While telecoms bills represent
a small proportion of household

running costs when compared to energy,
accommodation or transport, we have
nevertheless taken steps to protect our
lowest income customers during the
worst cost of living crisis for a generation.

In FY23 BT Group had 3m customers on
fixed line and pay-as-you-go tariffs that
were protected from price rises. This

1. ‘The Economic Impact of BT Group plc in the UK’, Hatch - 2023 Edition.

2. Fibreto the premises, also known as FTTP.

Strategicreport 003

includes social tariffs (subsidised rates for
those on low incomes), where we have both
broadband and mobile tariffs available to
eligible customers. Of all the consumers in
the UK ona broadband social tariff, 85%
are with BT.

Along with efforts to help children,
jobseekers, small businesses and the
elderly boost their digital skills (see our
Manifesto on page 36 for details), we are
making affordable services available to
those who need them most in line with
our purpose: we connect for good.

Board changes

At the AGM in July, we'll bid farewell
tolan Cheshire and lain Conn when
they step down from the Board. I'd like
to thank them both for their wisdom
and valuable contributions they made
during their time on the Board and the
Committees they served.

As part of the comprehensive review of
the Board’s composition we undertook

last year, we recognised the need to
enhance the Board’s technology and digital
capabilities given the group's focus on
digital and legacy platform transformation.
We therefore focused the search for
individuals with specific skills and expertise
and this led to us appointing Steven
Guggenheimer and Maggie Chan Jones
during the year. Ruth Cairnie joined the
Board on 6 April 2023. From the conclusion
of the AGM in July, she will succeed lain
Connas the Senior Independent Non-
Executive Director and lan Cheshire as
Chair of the Remuneration Committee.

Following the AGM, the Board’s female
membership will stand at 45%, which
isin line with our Board Diversity and
Inclusion Policy (see page 100). Having
refreshed the composition of our Board,
we feel we now have the right diversity
and set of skills to take us forward in
pursuit of our strategic agenda.

Resilience enabling a national mission

BT Group's transformation is now well
under way anditis starting to bear fruit,
with strong customer take-up on our

next generation networks. While there
remains a long way to go, the positive early
customer response proves our planis the
right one.

We experienced challenges on many fronts
in FY23 and an economic climate that

has made things so much harder for our
customers, investors and for us. Of course,
this has required adaptability on our part,
but our strategy is not optional-itis a
national mission, This year, we've shown that
we have the resilience to get the job done.

Adam Crozier
Chairman
17 May 2023

004 BT Group ple Annual Report 2023

A message
from our Chief
Executive

10.3m

Openreach has now built full fibre
broadband to a total of 10.3m homes
and businesses across the UK

68%

Weare also continuing to build EE’s
5G mobile network which now covers
68% of the UK population

Much
done,

Strategicreport 005

Thanks to the dedication and commitment of colleagues
right across the business, BT Group achieved its financial
outlook in FY23. For the first time in six years, we grew both
revenue and EBITDA on a pro forma basis, demonstrating

our determination to get on with the job in another

tumultuous year macro economically and geopolitically.

We have stayed true to our strategy over

the last four years. We're building the UK’s
leading next generation fixed broadband and
mobile networks, and radically transforming
the way we operate to deliver for customers.

Building and connecting like fury
Openreach has now built full fibre
broadband toa total of 10.3m homes and
businesses across the UK, including 3.1m

in rural locations. Added to that, initial build
is underway for a further 6m premises.

The business is now more than 40% of
the way through the initial 25m premises
target, and the number of people taking up
full fibre is ahead of our expectations. Of
the total premises passed, nearly one third
had opted to upgrade to full fibre (c. 3.1m
end users) at the year-end.

The Government's full expensing regime
introduced in the 2023 Spring Budget
will mean BT Group defers paying UK
corporation tax in fiscal years 24, 25 and
26. We will use this benefit to ensure
Openreach is able to offset inflation and
stick to its target of reaching 25m premises
by the end of 2026 as well as covering the
upfront costs of connecting customers
to full fibre ata faster rate than we had
originally expected.

We are also continuing to build EE’s 5G
mobile network which now covers 68%
of the UK population. Since launching
the UK’s first 5G network just four years
ago, we have grown our 5G connections
to animpressive 8.6m customers; and
RootMetrics named our 4G and 5G.
networks as the UK's best for the ninth
year ina row.

Next generation networks

The combined power of BT Group’s
next generation networks will deliver an
economic dividend for our customers
and the UK economy for many decades
to come. Fundamentally, that’s why we
remain laser focused on building them
and accelerating take-up.

This, however, requires significant
investment. While we fully understand
that price rises are rarely welcomed, they
are necessary to fund the transformation
of our networks which will create better
outcomes for customers and ensure we
remain competitive. The two things go
hand in hand.

That said, we still offer terrific value for
money for customers who rely on our
services today more than ever. Ofcom’s
pricing trends report 2022 showed that
the UK had the lowest standalone mobile
prices across Europe and in the mobile and
broadband markets, average UK prices are
well below the US.

“

The combined power of

BT Group's next generation
networks will deliver an
economic dividend for

our customers and the

UK economy for many
decades to come.

Competition is good for BT Group
Of course, choice and competition in the
UK market - prompted by our regulator,
Ofcom - are big drivers of keen pricing, as
well as stimulating significant and rapid
investment in the UK's full fibre networks.

Ofcom's regulatory framework ensures
that all network builders have the freedom
to compete fairly, which is good for the UK,
the country’s telco industry and - most
importantly - for customers.

Standing by our customers

and our colleagues

Those same customers need us to stand
by them through the worst cost of living
crisis in a generation. Throughout the year,
supporting our customers in need has
been an overriding priority for me and my
leadership team. On page 3, our Chairman
outlines our approach to protecting those
customers who need it most.

Itis also vital that we’re there for our
people. | was pleased that during FY23

we were able to award pay increases
equivalent to a 15% rise for our lowest paid
colleagues and agreed a way forward with
our union partners ona shared vision for
BT Group's modernisation agenda.

006 BT Group ple Annual Report 2023

A message from our Chief Executive continued

LN

Our strategy for growth

Five strategic priorities:

Drive Consumer Consumer will lead in full fibre
rowth th broadband, 5G and convergence
8 rough to win in UK households and build

== converged solutions deeper relationships with customers
by providing exceptional experiences.

Capitalise The creation of our Business unit will create
on Business’ a more competitive player in the B28 market
‘ that will help its customers grow through
== unrivalledassets next generation converged connectivity

to restore growth solutions, leading managed services and
outstanding customer experience.

Deliver Openreach —_Openreachwill build the UK's largest
3 growth and strong _ fullfibre broadband network, offer _
competitively priced wholesale services,
= returns on full and upgrade customers to the new platform.
fibre broadband It will continue providing industry-leading
service and strengthen its relationship with
all communications providers.
Transformourcost — Across BT Group we will fundamentally
4 base and improve change what we do and how we work. We'll
automate, digitise and shut down legacy

== = productivity systems, processes and networks. This
will cut costs, boost execution speed and
deliver better experiences for customers
and colleagues.

Optimise our We'll keep reviewing ways to strengthen
5 business portfolio ou" business portfolio by owning, selling
. or partnering, We'll allocate substantial
== and capital amounts of capital to next generation
allocation networks and solutions to better meet

our customers’ current and future needs.

As we move beyond the peak of our full 1
fibre broadband build programme, we'll
reduce capex by c. £1bn and realise value

from our investment.

Transforming our business

Modernising the UK’s digital infrastructure
isn’t only about building new networks; it
also requires us to migrate customers off
our nearly obsolete and energy-hungry
legacy networks. In FY24 we will be
ramping up activity to smoothly migrate
customers onto newer technology through
the AILIP and 3G sunsetting programmes,
among others.

Next generation networks need next
generation customer service. They

also need the very best products and
services running over them. Across the
business, we are partnering with some of
the world’s most innovative companies,
including AWS, Google, Microsoft and
TCS (Tata Consulting Services) to provide
leading products and services and drive
exceptional customer outcomes.

We are also radically changing the size
and shape of our business. During the
year we completed the BT Sport 50-50
joint venture with Warner Bros. Discovery
and we announced the creation of our
integrated Business unit with the merger
of our Enterprise and Global operations.
The new Business unit will be better
focused and better able to compete in
the market, serving enterprise customers
large and small.

The combined financial benefit from our
transformation programmes will result
in gross annualised cost savings of £3bn
by the end of FY25. We are well on track
to achieving this and by the end of FY23
we had made gross annualised savings
of £2.1bn.

New BT Group

The new BT Group will be ahigher
margin, high-tech organisation built
on the UK's best fixed and mobile
networks. It will be fully digitised and
highly automated with exceptional
products and services for customers.

By continuing to build and connect like
fury, digitise the way we work and simplify
our structure, towards the end of the 2020s
BT Group will rely ona much smaller total
workforce anda significantly reduced

cost base. New BT Group will bea leaner
company with a brighter future, and we will
get there by continuing to deliver our five
strategic priorities. (See table opposite.)

“a

BT Group has the right strategy
to deliver its purpose: we connect
for good; and the business has again

proved its ability to deliverin

testing circumstances. Everything

we do starts and ends with our
customers; our success is built
on enabling theirs.

© Visit our online annual

review and see how we're
enabli si "success

bt.com/annualreview

£2.1bn

Gross annualised cost savings
todate, putting us well on track
toachieve our £3bn goal

8.6m

Since launching the UK's first 5G
network just four years ago, our
brands have grown the number

of 5G connections to an impressive
8.6m customers

Strategicreport 007

Much done, much more todo

Our progress during the year was made
possible by the support of our shareholders
and bondholders, and | would like to thank
them for their ongoing commitment.
Despite the relative under-performance

of our shares compared to the FTSE 100

in the year to 31 March 2023, they ended
the year onan improving trend.

Having returned BT Group to both pro
forma revenue and EBITDA growth for
the first time in six years, we are now
determined to maintain this momentum.
Over the coming years we will deliver
consistent and predictable revenue and
EBITDA growth which, combined with
the completion of our full fibre build and
move off legacy networks, will result in an
expansion to normalised free cash flow of
at least £1.5bn by the end of the decade.

BT Group has the right strategy to deliver
its purpose: we connect for good; and

the business has again proved its ability

to deliver in testing circumstances.
Everything we do starts and ends with our
customers; our success is built on enabling
theirs. We know there's a long way to go
but our performance in FY23 shows that
we have the right plan, the right team and
the determination to achieve it.

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive
17 May 2023

008 BT Group ple Annual Report 2023

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee is
chaired by the Chief Executive.
So that there is a single point
of accountability, the Chief
Executive (or a delegate) takes
all the decisions.

The Executive Committee
provides input and
recommendations to help
the Chief Executive:

~— develop group strategy and budget
for Board approval

~ execute the strategy once the
Board approves it

— assure the Board on overall
performance and how we're
managing risks.

———

Key changes this year

The following changes to the Executive

Committee took place during the year:

- Debbie White ceased as Interim HR
Director on leaving BT Group

= Athalie Williams joined BT Group as
Chief Human Resources Officer

- Rob Shuter ceased as CEO, Enterprise.

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive

Simon Lowth
Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Chief Executive February 2019.
Appointed to the Board January 2019.

Appointed July 2016.

From April 2013 until joining BT Group,
Philip was CEO of Worldpay. Before that
he was CEO then Chairman at Brakes
Group from 2010-2015. Philip spent the
previous six years at Sodexo where he
was group Chief Operating Officer and
Chief Executive, Europe, South Africa and
India, Before that he was Chief Operating
Officer at MyTravel Group from 2002-
2004 and Managing Director of Telewest
Communications (now Virgin Media 02)
from 2000-2002. He started his career
at Procter & Gamble.

Harmeen Mehta
Chief Digital and Innovation Officer

Simon was CFO of BG Group before

the takeover by Royal Dutch Shell in
February 2016. Before that he was CFO
of AstraZeneca, and Finance Director
and Executive Director of ScottishPower.
Simon was also previously a Director of
McKinsey & Company.

Ed Petter
Corporate Affairs Director

Appointed March 2021.

Appointed November 2016.

Harmeenis a global leader in incubating
new businesses and creating revenue
streams, with over 25 years’ experience
of digital transformation and running
technology-led businesses.

Before joining BT Group, Harmeen was
group ClO and Head of Cloud & Security
business at Bharti Airtel. Before that,

she was CIO at Bank of America Merrill
Lynch, BBVA and HSBC. Harmeenis a
Non-Executive Director of Lloyds Banking
Group, and board member of TM Forum
and Max Healthcare Institute Limited.

Ed was formerly Deputy Director of
Corporate Affairs at Lloyds Banking
Group. Before that he held corporate
affairs roles at McDonald’s Europe,
McKinsey & Company and the Blue
Rubicon communications consultancy.
He was previously a BBC News Producer
and Editor.

Marc Allera
CEO, Consumer

Bas Burger
CEO, Business

Strategicreport 009

Sabine Chalmers

General Counsel, Company Secretary
& Director Regulatory Affairs

Appointed September 2017.

Appointed CEO, Global June 2017.
Appointed CEO, Business January 2023.

Appointed General Counsel April 2018.
Appointed Director Regulatory Affairs and
Company Secretary in May and September
2021 respectively.

Marc is also Chairman and a BT appointed
Director of the sports joint venture
between BT Group and Warner Bros.
Discovery. Marc was previously CEO of

EE -and EE Chief Commercial Officer from
2011-2015. He spent ten years at Three UK
as Sales and Marketing Director and Chief
Commercial Officer. Before that, Marc was
General Manager of Sega UK and Europe.

Howard Watson
Chief Security and Networks Officer

Bas was formerly President, BT in the
Americas, Global Services. He joined

BT Group in 2008 as CEO Benelux. Before
that he was Executive President anda
management committee member at
Getronics NV, where he ran global sales,
channels and partnerships, developing
the company’s international business. He
was also CEO and Managing Director of
KPN Entercom Solutions.

Athalie Williams
Chief Human Resources Officer

Before joining BT Group, Sabine was Chief
Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and
Company Secretary of Anheuser-Busch
InBev for 12 years. She also held various
legal leadership roles at Diageo. Sabine

is qualified to practise law in England and
Wales and New York State. She is also a
member of the Court of Directors of the
Bank of England.

Clive Selley Invitee
CEO, Openreach

Appointed Chief Technology and
Information Officer February 2016 and
became Chief Technology Officer March
2021. Appointed Chief Security and
Networks Officer September 2022.

Appointed December 2022.

Appointed February 2016.

Howard’s expanded role puts security at
the core of our business. He was formerly
Chief Architect and Managing Director,
global IT systems and led the technical
teams behind the 2013 BT Sport launch.
Howard joined BT Group in 2011 and has
40 years of telecoms experience. This
includes time at Telewest Communications
(now Virgin Media) and Cartesian, a
telecommunications consultancy and
software company.

Before joining BT Group, Athalie was Chief
People Officer for BHP, the world’s largest
mining and resources company. She led
BHP's organisation, people and culture
transformation agenda and shaped their
industry-leading inclusion and diversity
agenda. Before that Athalie was General
Manager, Cultural Transformation for
National Australia Bank. She also spent
14 years leading complex business
transformation and change programmes
in Australia and Asia asa consultant with

Accenture (formerly Andersen Consulting).

Clive was formerly CEO, Technology,
Service & Operations, CEO Innovate

& Design and before that President,
Global Services Portfolio & Service
Design. Under the provisions of the
Commitments, Openreach’s CEO cannot
beamember of the Executive Committee
(see page 45). Clive attends Executive
Committee meetings as appropriate.

010 BT Group ple Annual Report 2023
Our business model

=
What we do

BT Group is one of the world’s
leading connectivity providers.
We build, own and operate

the largest fixed and mobile
networks in the UK. We servea
wide variety of customers. They
range from individuals, families
and businesses to the UK public
sector and global companies. To
earn revenue, we design, build,
market, sell and support network
access, connectivity and related
solutions to our customers. We
sometimes do this with partners.

We reinvest a big part of what we earn to
maintain and improve our mobile and fixed
networks, market and sell our services, serve

our customers, and develop new connectivity
solutions. We also use some earnings to meet
our financial obligations like tax, interest, pension
fund contributions and to pay dividends to
shareholders in return for the capital they’ve
invested with us.

According to our Economic Impact report,
our activities contributed £24bn to the UK
economy last year and supported 284,000
jobs across the UK.

Consumer
customers

We sella range of broadband, mobile and landline
services, along with home and cyber security solutions
to individuals and households. On top of that, we offer
related entertainment services like TV and cloud
gaming. These allow our customers to connect, work
and be entertained safely at home and on the go. The
majority of our consumer customers have 12 to 24
month contracts for mobile or broadband access.

; Business
S|
customers

Our business, public sector and government
customers in the UK and around the world rely on

us for connectivity, networking, cyber security,
collaboration tools, cloud connectivity and cloud
services. Our solutions allow them to run, grow and
protect their businesses and deliver their own digital
transformations. Small and medium-sized businesses
typically buy our services on 24 month contracts.
Larger companies and public sector customers often
opt for multi-year managed solution contracts or
one-off services focused on specific technologies

or outcomes.

Communications
Providers (CPs)

We serve CPs through two channels: Enterprise

and Openreach. Through Enterprise, we wholesale
mobile network capabilities, voice services, broadband,
Ethernet, and other connectivity solutions on contracts
ranging from 1 to 5 years.

Through Openreach, we sell wholesale access to our
fixed access network infrastructure to over 680 CPs,
including our own Consumer and Enterprise units.

A lot of Openreach services are regulated.