A20 12/08/2021 #207 |
COMPANIES HOUSE

lh i

'AAAQSOTU

THURSDAY

BT Group plc
Annual Report 2021

Sraylng)
connectsel

has naver lassen
es important

When people connect, thare’s no limit to the
good thay can do. Taday, that’s truer than
Svar The connections we make are helping
solve the wanes biggest challenges sudh as
the Global pandemile, climate change and)
eyser sscurity Through the power of
tachnology, were supporting customers to
va, work and) etter, In these

- extraordinary times we are sharpening our

We connect for good)

Our CUSKOMers

i |

4 if
' ° a \
- : 4

\ i
nN 7 - }
. “ | UO
og .
EEstopsitheitablel Givingismall Winbreakable)
Grteritty, Brotng cecognised as tne UK's bast netwerts Last summer, we lewmetiard (nirrevertion ts <8 Giro fuser of wert
fer the iheenth consecutive time ralacts eur esuppert schame ‘ter sane we de. Our naw unisrcakatsite
continacd nvactonant In keacpiing eur custonra7s bbstinassas Ghent premiizas lnkeranr service brings tometer
Gonmactad te tis things thet matter to Cem mast, (soot that connectivity, tthe connfsttirad) pemar of BT
cash flow and contiderres. and Sas metwarts.

Bre(pechOrnivcneecriel thes

U
Gifting}tabletsand)

dataltothoin His} (UiKstolimprovertheimdigitalskills
Giving unitentted trea ete to EE Whar we launched) Siiills ter Temnenrem,
aectonnaTs Whe werk fter tae NS wie setts) me wernt) (re ocile 10 mation
and srevidhny tetalicts te hespital paepie in the UK learn elsomt tedh.
wards se patients could) viciaacelll We've new achieved) thts ait, ua
fifends ene! femailly ane ast ture off years center than expected,

the ways we supperted the NMS

tn aoa,

our colleagues

iBettemworkplace} -

Orr man wartplesss are hare te see
tite Giractiton of cur imsirrass, A marerstarn

lOuaimitolbe}
INetiZeroneroes)

‘We've baa leasing an dimene
acditon ter more than 25 years ane)
Wee naw FANG wae aa fer
dhe wikale of BT by AOa6,

wae

1A a > (ac

2 —
Boardisiircubinthdays

‘We launrdiad) dire Cailtacge Broan) a)
weceulld eve avanyans hare 8 vates,
Through tought year thay ve been

‘tama ectenttsrosmeteo
lexhibitionofthemselves)
Werve lace

Mie Hr of hs (ind fm re UX,

=| tt Storiés® ‘

There never has beena
more crucial time to play
such an important role in the
lives of our customers. We
have sharpened our focus,
accelerated our digital drive
and supported the nation in
adapting to the new normal.

EQ For more information read

our Digital Impact and
Sustainability Report at

bt.com/sustainabilityreport

© Toread these stories and
more - visit our online
annual review and see how
we're connecting for good.

bt.com/annualreview

(

Strategic report 1

Contents
Strategic report

Executive Committee
About BT and our purpos
Our business model

KeytrendsinfluencingBT 14
Regulatoryupdate
Qurambitionandstrategy
Strategic progress
Ourstakeholders
Section 172 statement

Aletterfrom the ChairofOpenreach

How we manage risk

Look out for these throughout the report:

© Reference to another page in the report

EA Reference to further reading online

This Strategic report was approved by the Board on 12 May 2021

By order of the Board.

Jandu Plessis
12 May 2021

Please see the cautionary statement regarding forward-
looking statements on page 200.

© Pages 1 to 68 form the Strategic report. Itincludes our
business model, strategic progress, our key performance
indicators, group performance and our principal risks
and uncertainties.

© The Corporate governance report on pages 69 to 110 forms
the Report of the Directors and includes the Report on
directors’ remuneration.

BT Groupple
Annual Report 2021

Ameassage fram our Chaiiman

This has bean © year like no other Competitive
pressures across alll of BI"s business arcas have
inkansiifiad, the pace of tachnalagieal change
hes aceclaratad further and dapanctancy on
the connsciivity we provide our custonars
hes become efosolute. To keep pace with this
XBT has Bacome a constant

/\ YSOIr
“keno ~
otner

This year, though, the greatest driving
force of transformation - whether
temporary or permanent -at any
organisation has been Covid-19.

The pandemic has been gruelling for

! everybody and BT has more than played
its part in the national and international
effort to deal with its consequences.

The vital services we
provide helped to improve
things for those in their time
of greatest need, keeping
friends, families, businesses
and crucial Government
services — including the
NHS-—connected.

| The vital services we provide helped to

| improve things for those in their time of

i greatest need, keeping friends, families,
businesses and crucial Government
services including the NHS- connected.
We also undoubtedly played a role in
helping the online retailers who have
become so important to many of us.

The way BT has managed through
| the pandemic whilst progressing its
business modernisation programme
asignificant achievement. It is the
commitment of the whole BT team
that made this possible, best illustrated
i by the award of no fewer than eight
MBEs to colleagues in recognition of
their efforts during the pandemic.

Despite the resilience of our colleagues
and our networks, and the dependency of
our customers on the service we provide,
our financial performance during the year
has been impacted by the pandemic.
Although in line with expectations,
adjusted revenue and EBITDA were both
down 6% compared to last year and
normalised free cash flow was 27%

lower than the previous year.

We know our investors and our customers
understand that 8T must modernise

| to maintain its leadership position and
eturn to financial strength. Doing so
will improve our offer to customers and

: inturn we will generate value for our

| shareholders. Modernising BT is a core

! part of the company’s revised strategic
ramework which was launched this year
and on which you will find more detail
in Philip Jansen’s message on page 6.

Net
zero

we have pledged to bea
net zero business by 2045
and we’re working with our
suppliers to help them reduce
their carbon emissions

10m

this year~five years ahead
of target -we hit our goal of
reaching 10m people with help

: Building our networks

At the heart of BT lie its networks.
Investing in our broadband and mobile
networks is investing in the future of BT.
The 2020/21 financial year was of vital
| importance in this regard: we committed
i to make investments that will be the
foundation of BT’s success over the long-
erm and which will in turn underpin much
of the UK's future economic prosperity.

In May 2020 we set out our target,
subject to the right conditions - and
critically the outcome of Ofcom’s

! Wholesale Fixed Telecoms Market

| Review (WFTMR) -to build full fibre
| broadband to 20m premises across

he UK by the mid- to late-2020s.

Strategic report 3

} To facilitate this significant investment —
and to help us navigate the uncertainties
caused by the pandemic without
compromising our credit rating -we
took the tough but necessary decision
last year to suspend the 2019/20 final
dividend and all dividends for this year
and rebase it. The Board expects to
resume dividend payments in 2021/22
at 7.7 pence per share, with 30% payable
at the interim stage later this year.

In March 2021, Ofcom published the
‘outcome of the WFTMR. With it came the
regulatory certainty we required on behalf
of our shareholders to confirm our FTTP*
build investment and we have since further
increased and accelerated our target from

} 20m to 25m premises by December 2026.

This will be the single largest investment
in the country’s digital infrastructure for
generation andit will support the UK’s
ransition to a gigabit economy.

Ofcom has clearly moved to a regulatory
egime that encourages network builders
‘0 invest in the UK’s digital infrastructure.
This should be welcomed by everybody,
including investors, given the importance
of outstanding connectivity to the UK's
future prosperity.

Climate pledge and digital skills

Investing for the future must also include
the collective and individual steps we
take on climate change and in supporting
our society and communities. As we build
back better from this awful pandemic,
progress against both these imperatives
couldn't be more important.

BT has pledged to be a net zero business
by 2045 and we're working with our
suppliers to help them reduce their
carbon emissions by 42% by March

2031. In November, we reached the
milestone of sourcing 100% of electricity,
worldwide, from renewables. At the same
time, we announced our ambition to move
nearly all of BT Group’s vehictes - the

UK’s second largest commercial fleet at
almost 33,000 in total, including 28,000
Openreach vehicles - to electric and
alternative fuels by 2030.

While climate change has been high
on the agenda for many years, 2020
put digital inclusion at the heart of
UK politics. Our Lockdown Learning
and Standout Skills campaigns are
examples of the support we provided
customers on digital inclusion and
skills training during the year.

These initiatives have been a success. This
year-five years ahead of targel — we hit
‘our goal of reaching 10m people with help
toimprove their digital skills by 2026. We
have now extended that target to a more
stretching ambition to reach 25m people
by the end of March 2026.

a Fibre-to-the-premises, also known as ull fibre.

BT Group ple
Annual Report 2021

A message from our Chairman continued

Board changes

F We welcomed two new directors
during the year: Adel Al-Saleh joined

} on 15 May 2020 as a non-independent,

} non-executive director and Deutsche

We have now seen almost
five years of consecutive
improvements in our
quarterly customer
satisfaction surveys and,
most recently, record

Net Promoter Scores for
both the BT and EE brands.

} Sara Weller CBE joined on 16 July 2020,
immediately before the AGM.

: Mike Inglis has decided not to put
himself forward for re-election asa

Our thanks go to Mike for his six years of
service and asa highly active member
of the Board, sitting at various times asa
member of virtually all our committees
- the Audit & Risk, Nominations,

Impact & Sustainability Committees.

Asannounced on 1 March 2021, Iwill
be retiring as chairman of the company

: later in the year. Chairing the Board of

: BT has beena tremendous privilege.
Although it’s a much over-used word, it
really is true that BT is a unique business.
With it come a unique set of challenges
but navigating the complexity is as
rewarding as it is demanding, because
what this great company does, really

} matters to so many people. However,

| having served as chairman of significant
| FTSE companies for 17 years, | know
that personally the times now right

for me to focus on other interests.

} The search for my successor is being led

by lain Conn, the senior independent

director, and shareholders should know

that | have assured the Board that |am

fully committed to serve as chairman as

} part of an orderly transition process until
my successorisin place.

! Prospects

: If, in my fourth and final letter to

} shareholders, | wanted to reflect on
events since | stepped up as chairman,
there can be no denying the overall
decline in our share price~a decline
which in fact stretches back a full five

comfort from the knowledge that much

last year, increasing by about 50% from
the depressed levels at which we traded
for much of last year,

Much of that recovery reflects the
tremendous dedication and hard

= work of the management team in
recent years, together with some real
improvements in the fundamental
prospects of our business.

BT Group ple
Annual Report 2021

} Telekom's nominated representative, and

non-executive director at our 2021 AGM.

Remuneration, 8T Compliance and Digital

years. | know shareholders will derive little

of this decline reflects trends seen across
our sector, but lam pleased that our share
: price has performed much better over the

Our relationship with Ofcom has
improved significantly since 2017 and
the business case for FTTP is now

| clearly positive. In a few short years,
the number of premises passed by

Openreach has increased more than
tenfold from 420,000 premises to 4.6m.
And Openreach is now building at pace
~aiming to ramp upits build rate to 4m
homes and businesses a year.

Our Global business has fully recovered
from its significant problems some years
ago. Anew leadership team with anew
strategy has worked tirelessly to divest
networks and operations in around 20
countries globally and are successfully
executing their strategy to focus
capabilities on today’s software-defined
world, Global is now fully stabilised

and making a positive and valuable

In our Consumer business we are seeing
the benefits of some significant long-
term investments aimed at improving
customer experience. We have on-
shored our customer service teams; we
are levelling up the gap between new
and existing customer pricing; and we
are nowstarting to see the first wave

of truly converged products that use

the combined power of BT’s fixed and
mobile networks coming to market.

We have now seen almost five years

of consecutive improvements in our
quarterly customer satisfaction surveys
and, most recently, record Net Promoter
Scores for both the BT and EE brands.

Looking to the future, the Board and
management do not for a moment under-
estimate the scale of the challenge we
face in further modernising BT to ensure
that we can provide brilliant service to
‘our customers in a highly competitive
industry. At the same time, we are excited
by the opportunities ahead of us.

BT hasa strong and diverse Board at the
helm, an outstanding leadership team
under our chief executive, Philip Jansen,
and a clear strategic purpose and vision
that is being well executed. | am proud to
have played a part in helping to achieve
these strong building blocks and I have
every confidence that BT is well placed
for the next stage in its development
towards consistent and sustainable
growth over the longterm.

Jan du Plessis
Chairman

| 12 May 2021

jum

Amessage trom our Chic? Exacntive

thaycarwhenso much has ean reeppratsed)

across businass end cadiaty, BTS purpese has pardemchnclacingouacignal scilsanc)
~ AR Aba [inclusion campaigns SlOpMipSonlechy
ghone threughesa deer euitcing prineialtes
weconnact tier Gooch Eieioilly, eur callleaguas
havagene the extra mile fer cur eustemners
this yeag heaping tham, their tamillies, tiftaends
ffibrevandawisficonmectivity,toovers200)
an) seamacicd,
itestingcentresand)

hospitals in England *Scotlandand Wales:

A message from our
Chief Executive continued

@

Our record high customer
service ratings reflect the
outstanding efforts of all
our colleagues. We've still
got progress to make but
these are good signs,
demonstrating the value
our customers place on
the critical connectivity
we provide them.

BT Group plc
Annual Report 2021

Our record high customer service ratings
reflect the outstanding efforts of all

our colleagues. We've still got progress
tomake but these are good signs,
demonstrating the value our customers
place on the critical connectivity —as well
as the improvements in experience and
service - we've provided them this year.
Customer ratings are positive across
virtually alt parameters and BT’s customer
satisfaction is the highest it’s ever been.

That doesn’t mask the fact that the
pandemic has been hard for our
colleagues. At the start of the year we
gave our frontline key workers a 1.5%

pay rise and froze pay for managers;

we guaranteed no job losses directly
resulting from the pandemic in the first
three months of the year; and we took

the decision not to use the Government’s
furlough scheme. For the current financial
year we have frozen pay for all colleagues
but plan to pay a special bonus for our
frontline colleagues of £1,000 in cash and
£500 in shares to recognise and thank
them for their efforts.

We also supported colleagues around the
world by setting up a dedicated wellbeing
portal, providing weekly updates from
our chief medical officer, listening and
responding to colleagues’ concerns

and massively ramping up our internal
communications to ensure they felt
supported wherever they are.

Despite the outstanding operational
performance of our colleagues in the
face of the pandemic, our financial
performance during the year was
significantly impacted by Covid-19.
Revenue alone was around £1.6bn lower
than the previous year and this had a
knock-on effect on our EBITDA and
normalised free cash flow.

Importance of our networks

Without connectivity as we know it today,
the global impact of Covid-19 would

have been unthinkable. BT’s leading
networks have been a lifeline throughout
the pandemic for our customers. Daytime
data traffic over our broadband network
doubled from an average of five terabits
per second (Thps) to around 10 Tbps with
more people at home during the day.

2020 will be the year we look back on as
the moment society truly understood

the value of good connectivity. In 2021,
we're stepping up to deliver the next
generation of infrastructure and we will
be increasing and accelerating our FTTP
build plan by an additional 5m premises,
from 20m to 25m by December 2026. We

have the capacity to fund this additional
build from internal resources. However,
we believe we can deliver further value
to shareholders by funding the additional
5m premises through a joint venture

with external parties and we will begin

exploring options.

F Inmobile, we have extended our 4G

coverage, and hit our target of doubling

| our 5G network which now reaches 160
i towns and cities with broader and more
highly rated coverage than any other

operator. Foltowing the conclusion of
Ofcom's 5G spectrum auction in March
2021 - securing the spectrum we need at
a lower than expected cost - we will be
able to continue growing our position

as the UK’s number one 5G network.

The investments we make in these
two leading networks over the next
decade or so mean we'll be able to
combine them to create the UK’s
leading smart converged network, the
power of which will deliver economic
prosperity for decades to come.

Improved investment case

The confirmation of our FTTP investment,
based on our confidence of being able

to achieve a fair return; the completion

of the 5G spectrum auction; and the
successful conclusion of the 2020
triennial BT Pension Scheme valuation
have cleared up some significant
uncertainties for our shareholders. This
clarity now allows us to focus on executing
our strategy and returning BT to growth,

} Refreshed strategic direction

In July 2020, we introduced BT’s new
i strategic framework. It comprises three

illars which support our ambition to be
the world’s most trusted connector of
people, devices and machines: build the

strongest foundations; create standout
| customer experiences; and lead the way
} toa bright sustainable future.

(Our network investments form a key
part of our work to build the strongest
foundations for the company. During
the year, | also made changes to the
Executive Committee and to the way
we operate across the organisation to
ensure we are best placed to continue
delivering for our customers.

160

We continued to invest in our
mobile network, hitting our target
of doubling our 5G footprint and
reaching 160 towns and cities with
EE’s mobile network

Halo 3+

We're providing customers with
the seamless connectivity they
need: we launched Halo 3+,

the UK's first unbreakable
broadband connection

x2

Daytime data traffic over our
broadband network doubled
from an average of five terabits
per second (Tbps) to around
10 Tbps with more people at

In January 2021, we announced Mike
| Sherman's departure and the formation
of two new units: Digital, ted by Harmeen
Mehta, who joined from Bharti Airtel, in

innovation officer; and Networks, led by

McQuade who retired from BT. In March
} we announced that Sabine Chalmers will
become general counsel and director of

of Cathryn Ross who will leave BT in June

} 2021 fora newrole outside our sector.

With this much strengthened executive
team nowin place, we are set to

} accelerate our progress to modernise

} BT and return this business to top-
line, profitable growth. Last year we
set our target of £1bn annualised cost
savings by 2023, rising to £2bn by

! 2025. We've made very good progress
| inthe first year, achieving £764m of

gross annualised savings in 2020/21.

During the year we also broke new
} ground with the introduction of exciting

} products that will provide customers

with the seamless connectivity they
need: we launched Halo 3+, the UK's first
unbreakable broadband connection; EE
had a great launch of the Apple iPhone
12 in the autumn; and Global launched
Eagle-i, our new security platform that
will transform our managed services
hrough proactive, predictive cyber
security protection.

: [2 Tosee Philip in conversation
visit our online annual review.

bt.com/annualreview

the newly created role of chief digital and
| Howard Watson, chief technology officer.

Rob Shuter joined as CEO of Enterprise in
February 2021 from MTN, replacing Gerry

regulatory affairs, following the departure

Strategic report 7

i Looking forward

In March 2021, our chairman, Jan du
Plessis, announced his intention to retire
from the Board. On behalf of everyone at
: BT, including the Board and the Executive
} Committee, | wish Jan all the very best

} for his retirement, thanks for his wise
counsel and congratulations ona truly
outstanding and accomplished career.

We are investing heavily in the future of
the business, including the expansion
and acceleration of our full fibre build

: plan. This additional investment

! reflects the scale of our ambition to

! reinforce the foundations for growth,
both for the company and the nation.

During this financial year we'll start our
pivot to growth in revenue and EBITDA.
| We'll continue to grow both metrics
predictably and consistently into the
future, underpinning the reintroduction
of our progressive dividend this year.

Although the scale of the investments
we are making will inevitably press

‘on cash flow over the next few years,

they will not impact our ability to paya

| dividend and they are designed to deliver
enduring success for all BT stakeholders.
Furthermore, once we are through the
peak investment phase, we will see avery
material increase in cash flow creating
further options for BT in the future.

We've achieved a huge amount this year,
and while there's still a lot more to do,
BT is nowon the front foot and driving
growth and value for all our investors
and stakeholders.

Philip Jansen
Chief Executive
i 12May 2021

BT Group ple
Annual Report 2021

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee provides
input and recommendations

to assist the chief executive

with strategy development and
operational management. It is
chaired by the chief executive.

The Executive Committee assists the chief executive to:

— develop group strategy and budget for approval by
the Board

- execute the strategy once the Board approvesit

= give assurance to the Board on overall performance
and how we're managing risks.

The chief executive, or his delegate, take all decisions.
Thisis so there is a single point of accountability.
Executive Committee changes

The following changes to the Executive Committee took
place during the year:

~ Gerry McQuade left BT and therefore ceased as
CEO, Enterprise

- Rob Shuter joined BT as CEO, Enterprise -

- Michael Sherman left BT and therefore ceased as
chief strategy and transformation officer

- Harmeen Mehta joined BT as chief digital and
innovation officer.

The following changes have been announced to
the Executive Committee that will take effect from
1 June 2021:

~ Cathryn Ross will leave BT and therefore cease as
regulatory affairs director

- Sabine Chalmers will become general counsel and
director of regulatory affairs.

BT Group ple
Annual Report 2021

Philip Jansen

Chief executive

Appointed as chief executive in February 2019
and to the Board in January 2019,

Philip joined BT from Worldpay where he
had been CEO since April 2013. Before that
he was CEO and then chairman at Brakes
Group between 2010 and 2015. Philip spent
the previous six years at Sodexo where

he was group chief operating officer and
chief executive, Europe, South Africa and
India. Prior to that he was chief operating
officer at MyTravel Group from 2002 to
2004 and managing director of Telewest
Communications (now Virgin Media) from
2000 to 2002, after starting his career at
Procter & Gamble.

imon Lowth
Chief financial officer
Appointed July 2016.

‘Simon was CFO of BG Group before the
takeover by Royal Dutch Shell in February
2016. Prior to that he was CFO of AstraZeneca,
and finance director and executive director of
ScottishPower. Simon was also previously

a director of McKinsey & Company.

Ed Petter
Corporate affairs director

Appointed November 2016.

Ed was formerly deputy director of corporate
affairs at Lloyds Banking Group. Prior to that
he held corporate affairs rotes at McDonald’s
Europe, McKinsey & Company and the Blue
Rubicon communications consultancy, having
previously worked asa news producer and
editor at the BBC.

Howard Watson

Chief technology officer
Appointed February 2016 as chief technology
and information officer and became chief
technology officer in March 2021.

Howard was formerly chief architect and
managing director, global IT systems and led
the technical teams behind the launch of

BT Sport in 2013.

Howard joined BT in 2011 and has 30 years

of telecoms experience having spent time

at Telewest Communications (now Virgin
Media) and Cartesian, a telecommunications
consultancy and software company.