Presentation via Investor Meet Company Watkin Jones plc 29 May 2025 For immediate release 29 May 2025 Watkin Jones plc ('Watkin Jones' or 'the Group') Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Watkin Jones plc (AIM:WJG), is pleased to announce that Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer, and Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer, will provide a live presentation relating to the Group's Half Year results for the six months ended 31 March 2025 via Investor Meet Company on Wednesday 4 June 2025, at 14:30 BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted before the event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 09:00 BST on Tuesday 3 June 2025 or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Watkin Jones PLC via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/watkin-jones-plc/register-investor Investors who already follow Watkin Jones on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. For further information: Watkin Jones plc Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer www.watkinjonesplc.com Peel Hunt LLP (Nominated Adviser & Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Mike Bell / Ed Allsopp www.peelhunt.com Jefferies Hoare Govett (Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7029 8000 James Umbers www.jefferies.com Media enquiries: MHP Group Reg Hoare / Rachel Farrington / Charles Hirst Tel: +44 (0) 7801 894577 watkinjones@mhpgroup.com www.mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 50,000 student beds across 147 sites, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector, where it has delivered 2,200 apartments across 12 schemes to date. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages c.20,000 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 80 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 4 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and