Disclaimer* Watkin Jones plc 20 January 2026 For immediate release 20 January 2026 Watkin Jones plc ('Watkin Jones' or the 'Company') Director/PDMR Shareholding Watkin Jones plc (AIM:WJG) announces that on 16 January 2026 the following nominal-cost share awards over ordinary shares of 1 penny each in the Company were granted under the Watkin Jones Deferred Share Bonus Plan to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities (" Awards "): PDMR Position Number of shares granted under the Awards Alex Pease Chief Executive Officer 381,969 Simon Jones Chief Financial Officer 314,563 The Awards have a nominal exercise price of one penny per share and normally become exercisable from the second anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued employment. The exercise price may be waived by the Company prior to vesting or arrangements made to neutralise the impact of the exercise price for participants. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Alex Pease 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Award under the Watkin Jones Deferred Share Bonus Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 381,969 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable e) Date of the transaction 16 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Jones 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Award under the Watkin Jones Deferred Share Bonus Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 314,563 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable e) Date of the transaction 16 January 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue - Ends - For further information: Watkin Jones plc Adam McGhin, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 www.watkinjonesplc.com Peel Hunt LLP (Nominated Adviser & Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Mike Bell / Ed Allsopp www.peelhunt.com Singer Capital Markets (Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7496 3000 Sara Hale / Graham Hertrich / James Todd www.singercm.com Media enquiries: MHP (Financial PR) Reg Hoare / Rachel Farrington / Catherine Chapman Tel: +44 (0) 7711 191518 watkinjones@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high-quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 51,000 student beds across 150 sites, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector, where it has delivered 3,400 apartments across 19 schemes to date. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages c.21,000 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 80 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago St James's Place 25 minutes ago St James's Place 41 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 43 minutes ago Oxford Biomedica 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and