Disclaimer* Watkin Jones plc 15 December 2025 15 December 2025 Watkin Jones plc ('Watkin Jones' or the 'Group') Watkin Jones and Maslow Capital announce £102m Bristol PBSA scheme Watkin Jones plc ("Watkin Jones" or the "Group"), the UK's leading developer and manager of residential property for rent, is pleased to announce that it has contractually exchanged on a further high-quality purpose-built student accommodation ("PBSA") development opportunity in Bristol into its Joint Venture ("JV") with Maslow Capital (the "Transaction"). The Transaction will have an estimated Gross Development Value ('GDV') of c.£102m upon completion of the development and will generate secured revenues of approximately £55m over the course of its three-year construction period. In addition, there is the potential to generate further revenue through the sale of the property once completed (the "Realisation Sale"). The Transaction is conditional on Gateway 2 approval which is expected during the first half of FY2026. The Transaction will deliver a cash inflow of c. £2m in FY26. The Group will be responsible for the delivery of the scheme through to completion, as well as its ongoing management by Fresh, the Group's accommodation management business. Completion is targeted in time for the start of the 2028/29 academic year. The Group will also benefit from additional revenue proportionate to any returns in excess of agreed hurdle rates delivered by a Realisation Sale. Any such sale is not expected to occur before Q4 2028. The development, situated in a prime location for Bristol's universities, on Malago Road in Bedminster, will comprise 484 beds across three blocks. The Transaction represents the second scheme in the JV between Watkin Jones and Maslow Capital, following their earlier collaboration on a 784-bed PBSA scheme, The Ard, in Glasgow in September 2025. The partnership reflects the Group's ability to work with institutional capital to deliver standout, sustainable schemes in markets where demand continues to outpace supply. Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer of Watkin Jones, commented: "This transaction reflects our strategy to deepen relationships with institutional capital and deliver sustainable growth in the UK's most attractive student markets. Bristol's strong fundamentals and connectivity make it a key location, and this scheme will reinforce our leadership in providing best-in-class accommodation that meets evolving student expectations while supporting our long-term value creation objectives." Related party transaction The JV, which is owned 95% by Maslow Capital and 5% by the Group, has three statutory directors, being Alex Pease, the Group's CEO, Simon Jones, the Group's CFO, and George Dyer, Group Investment Director. Accordingly, the JV is a related party of Group, and the entry into the Transaction (including the associated development, financing and management agreements between the Group and the JV Entity), constitutes a related party transaction pursuant to Rule 13 of the AIM Rules for Companies. The Independent Directors, being all directors of the Group other than Alex Pease and Simon Jones, having consulted with the Company's nominated adviser, Peel Hunt, consider the entry into the Transaction is fair and reasonable insofar as the Company's shareholders are concerned. - ENDS - F or further information: Watkin Jones plc Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer www.watkinjonesplc.com Adam McGhin, Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary Peel Hunt LLP (Nominated Adviser & Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Mike Bell / Ed Allsopp www.peelhunt.com Singer Capital Markets (Joint Corporate Broker) Sara Hale / Graham Hertrich / James Todd Tel: +44 (0) 7496 3000 www.singercm.com Media enquiries: MHP Group (Financial PR) Tel: +44 (0) 7711 191518 Reg Hoare / Rachel Farrington / Catherine Chapman www.watkinjones@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high-quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 51,000 student beds across 150 sites, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector, where it has delivered 3,400 apartments across 19 schemes to date. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages c.21,000 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 80 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 4 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and