Disclaimer* Watkin Jones plc 21 October 2025 21 October 2025 Watkin Jones plc ('Watkin Jones' or the 'Group') FY25 Trading Update Performance in line with expectations Watkin Jones provides the following trading update for the year ended 30 September 2025 (the 'year' or 'FY25'), ahead of the publication of the Group's final results. FY25 Trading The transactions in respect of the Group's joint-venture student development in Glasgow announced in September and the development partnership announced in August, together with good operational delivery across previously sold schemes, underpinned the expected stronger second half performance. As a result, the Group expects to report, subject to audit, FY25 revenue of c. £280m and adjusted operating profit [1] in line with current market expectations. Cash management has remained a key focus, with gross and net cash as at 30 September 2025 of c.£80m (FY 24: £97m) and c.£70m (FY 24: £83m), respectively. A number of cash receipts, including a significant portion associated with the Glasgow transaction of £10m, were received in early October and consequently the Group's cash position has increased post year end. H2 FY25 Operational Review The Group has continued to execute effectively on its broader operational objectives during the second half of the year with a rigorous focus on cost control and consistent construction delivery, which included the completion of three schemes comprising c.600 rooms on target in H2. Our Refresh initiative continues to gain traction in the market with three projects underway in H2 and a growing pipeline of opportunities. Our in-build schemes remain on budget and programme, with three further practical completions totaling c.1,900 rooms expected in the new financial year. Along with the Glasgow transaction, we also signed three development partnerships in the year, as previously announced, all of which have started on site (St Helens affordable homes, Southwark aparthotel and Bristol student accommodation). We are sourcing new opportunities selectively, with sites for three future schemes exchanged in the year, subject to planning, amounting to c.1,000 rooms. We have made further progress on our building safety rectification obligations, completing works on six buildings in the year. The Group's provision is being kept under review, reflecting ongoing building investigations and discussions with owners. Outlook While market conditions remain challenging and we see timetables being extended on certain transactions, we enter FY26 with a strong pipeline of opportunities. Looking ahead to the medium term, the end markets in which the Group operates remain attractive, supported by a structural shortage of rental and student properties and enduring investor appetite . We continue, therefore, to selectively add to our pipeline with good quality assets in undersupplied markets. - Ends - F or further information: Watkin Jones plc Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer www.watkinjonesplc.com Adam McGhin, Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary Peel Hunt LLP (Nominated Adviser & Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Mike Bell / Ed Allsopp www.peelhunt.com Singer Capital Markets (Joint Corporate Broker) Sara Hale / Graham Hertrich / James Todd Tel: +44 (0)20 7496 3000 www.singercm.com Media enquiries: MHP Group Tel: +44 (0) 7711 191518 Reg Hoare / Rachel Farrington / Catherine Chapman watkinjones@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high-quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 50,000 student beds across 150 sites, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector, where it has delivered 2,500 apartments across 15 schemes to date. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages c.20,000 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 80 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com. [1] Adjusted Operating Profit is calculated before the impact of exceptional items, impairment charges, interest and taxation. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 4 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and