Disclaimer* Watkin Jones plc 19 December 2025 Watkin Jones New Progressive research note Progressive Equity Research has been commissioned by Watkin Jones to produce ongoing research coverage. A new research document has been published this morning, and is freely available to UK investors. Research note summary: Earnings beat estimates after 'resilient' FY25 Watkin Jones this week delivered adjusted PBT of £5.6m for the 12 months to 30 September, ahead of our estimate of £5.0m and down from a prior-year result of £9.2m, reflecting the 'challenging backdrop over the last three years'. Net cash before leases declined from £83.4m to £70.5m, in line with our estimates. We introduce FY26E forecasts, conservatively pointing to a 20% rise in adjusted PBT to £6.8m and further growth in net cash. Click here for full analysis Subscribe to Progressive's research, which is freely available to every type of investor, and be kept informed about our regular programme of investor engagement. About Progressive: Progressive is an equity research and investor engagement company. FCA authorised and regulated, the firm has a 15-strong team of highly experienced analysts. We provide Institutional grade research and connect companies with investors across every sector of the market. www.progressive-research.com For further information please contact: +44 (0) 20 7781 5300 info@progressive-research.com This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 4 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and