Disclaimer* Watkin Jones plc 27 February 2026 Watkin Jones plc 27 February 2026 Watkin Jones plc ("Watkin Jones" or the "Company") Director/PDMR Shareholding Watkin Jones plc (AIM:WJG) announces that on 26 February 2026, the following nominal-cost share awards (" Awards ") over ordinary shares of 1 penny each in the Company were granted under the Watkin Jones Long Term Incentive Plan 2018 to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities: PDMR Position Number of shares granted under the Awards Alex Pease Chief Executive Officer 2,310,305 Simon Jones Chief Financial Officer 1,902,604 The Awards have a nominal exercise price of one penny per share and become exercisable from the 10th February 2029, subject to continued employment and to the extent to which performance conditions are met. The performance conditions metrics and associated sliding scale targets relate to (i) the Company's total shareholder return performance over the three year period following the grant of the awards relative to that a comparator group comprising the current constituents of the FTSE Allshare Real Estate Sector excluding agencies and FTSE 100 companies (40% weighting); (ii) cumulative adjusted EPS performance for FY26, FY27 and FY28 (40% weighting); and (iii) a measure of Pipeline as at the end of FY28 (20% weighting). The Remuneration Committee retains discretion to reduce the vesting of Awards to ensure that all relevant factors are taken into account, including the consideration of any windfall gains. Further details of the performance conditions will be disclosed in the next year's Directors' Remuneration Report. The Awards noted above are subject to a two-year post holding period in respect of vested shares on a net of tax basis. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. Alex Pease 2. Simon Jones 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. Chief Executive Officer 2. Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Awards under the Watkin Jones Deferred Long Term Incentive Plan 2018 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 1. Nil 2. Nil 1. 2,310,305 2. 1,902,604 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable single transactions Nil e) Date of the transaction 26 February 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue - Ends - For further information: Watkin Jones plc Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 www.watkinjonesplc.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high-quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 51,000 student beds across 150 sites, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector, where it has delivered 3,400 apartments across 19 schemes to date. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages c.21,000 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 80 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago St James's Place 25 minutes ago St James's Place 41 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 43 minutes ago Oxford Biomedica 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and