Director/PDMR Shareholding Watkin Jones plc 04 April 2025 For immediate release 4 April 2025 Watkin Jones plc ('Watkin Jones' or the 'Company') Director/PDMR Shareholding Watkin Jones plc (AIM:WJG) announces that on 3 April 2025 the following nominal-cost share awards over ordinary shares of 1 penny each in the Company (" Shares ") were granted under the Watkin Jones Long Term Incentive Plan 2018 to the following persons discharging managerial responsibilities (" Restricted Share Awards "): PDMR Position Number of Shares granted under the Restricted Share Award Alex Pease Chief Executive Officer 1,041,572 Simon Jones Chief Financial Officer 857,765 The Restricted Share Awards have a nominal exercise price of one penny per Share and normally become exercisable after three years from the date of grant, subject to continued employment and the Remuneration Committee's assessment of the underpin conditions. If the Remuneration Committee is not satisfied that the underpin conditions have been met it may scale back the awards (including to nil vesting). Further details of the terms of the Restricted Share Awards, including the underpin conditions that will apply in respect of vesting, will be set out in the next Directors' Remuneration Report. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail: 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Alex Pease 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Restricted Share Award under the Watkin Jones Long Term Incentive Plan 2018 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 1,041,572 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 3 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Jones 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Restricted Share Award under the Watkin Jones Long Term Incentive Plan 2018 c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 857,765 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction 3 April 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue - Ends - For further information: Watkin Jones plc Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer www.watkinjonesplc.com Adam McGhin, Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary Peel Hunt LLP (Nominated Adviser & Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Mike Bell / Ed Allsopp www.peelhunt.com Media enquiries: MHP Group (Watkin Jones) Tel: +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst www.watkinjones@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high-quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 49,000 student beds across 147 schemes, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages over 16,800 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 50 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 minutes ago St James's Place 24 minutes ago St James's Place 41 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 42 minutes ago Oxford Biomedica 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and