Issue of Sharesave options and PDMR shareholdings Watkin Jones plc 01 July 2025 1 July 2025 Watkin Jones plc ('Watkin Jones' or the 'Company') Issue of Sharesave options and PDMR shareholdings Watkin Jones announces that on 27 June 2025, the Company granted options ("Options") over 4,399,277 ordinary shares pursuant to the Watkin Jones plc Sharesave Scheme. The Options have a contract start date of 1 August 2025 and normally vest and become exercisable on completion of the three or five year savings period. The exercise price, which was set in accordance with HM Revenue & Customs rules, is 23.35 pence per ordinary share. Within the Options described above, Options over 39,293 ordinary shares were granted to Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer and 78,586 to Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer. The Notification of Dealing Forms provided in accordance with the requirements of MAR in relation to the transactions are set out below. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Alex Pease 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Director/ PDMR b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price No. of shares 23.35 39,293 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume -Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 27 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Simon Jones 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Director/ PDMR b) Initial notification/ Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Watkin Jones plc b) LEI 2138009X19O21NU5SG79 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each ISIN: GB00BD6RF223 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of SAYE options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price No. of shares 23.35 78,586 d) Aggregated information -Aggregated volume -Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 27 June 2025 f) Place of the transaction Outside of a trading venue - Ends - For further information: Watkin Jones plc Alex Pease, Chief Executive Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3617 4453 Simon Jones, Chief Financial Officer www.watkinjonesplc.com Adam McGhin, Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary Peel Hunt LLP (Nominated Adviser & Joint Corporate Broker) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7418 8900 Mike Bell / Ed Allsopp www.peelhunt.com Media enquiries: MHP Group (Watkin Jones) Tel: +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst www.watkinjones@mhpgroup.com Notes to Editors Watkin Jones is the UK's leading developer and manager of residential for rent, with a focus on the build to rent, student accommodation and affordable housing sectors. The Group has strong relationships with institutional investors, and a reputation for successful, on-time-delivery of high-quality developments. Since 1999, Watkin Jones has delivered over 49,000 student beds across 147 schemes, making it a key player and leader in the UK purpose-built student accommodation market, and is increasingly expanding its operations into the build to rent sector. In addition, Fresh, the Group's specialist accommodation management business, manages over 16,800 student beds and build to rent apartments on behalf of its institutional clients. Watkin Jones has also been responsible for over 50 residential developments, ranging from starter homes to executive housing and apartments. The Group's competitive advantage lies in its experienced management team and capital-light business model, which enables it to offer an end-to-end solution for investors, delivered entirely in-house with minimal reliance on third parties, across the entire life cycle of an asset. Watkin Jones was admitted to trading on AIM in March 2016 with the ticker WJG.L. For additional information please visit www.watkinjonesplc.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Watkin Jones (WJG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 4 hours ago Pearson 4 hours ago Trustpilot Group 4 hours ago Speedy Hire 4 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and