BETA Close X Atlantic Lithium Limited has announced that the Parliament of Ghana has temporarily withdrawn the Mining Lease for its Ewoyaa Lithium Project from consideration to allow for further consultation regarding Ghana's mining code and royalty application. The company remains in discussions with the government to advance the project, which is Ghana's most advanced lithium project, and is confident that the lease ratification will occur through the proper parliamentary process, aiming to secure terms that benefit shareholders, host communities, and Ghana's critical minerals objectives. Disclaimer* Atlantic Lithium Limited 11 December 2025 11 December 2025 Update re the Ewoyaa Mining Lease Atlantic Lithium Limited (AIM: ALL, ASX: A11, GSE: ALLGH, "Atlantic Lithium" or the "Company"), the Africa-focused lithium exploration and development company targeting the delivery of Ghana's first lithium mine, provides the following update regarding the status of the Mining Lease in respect of its flagship Ewoyaa Lithium Project ("Ewoyaa" or the "Project") in Ghana. The Company notes that the Parliament of Ghana has temporarily withdrawn the Mining Lease from consideration to allow for further consultation in respect of Ghana's current mining code and the application of royalties. As the country's most advanced lithium project, we remain in discussion with the Government regarding the best way forward to deliver upon Ghana's critical minerals objectives. The Company remains dedicated to securing terms for the Mining Lease that generate value for shareholders and its host communities and supports the Government's commitment to securing a path towards delivering long-term benefits for Ghana through its mineral production. The Company remains confident that ratification of the Mining Lease will be forthcoming in accordance with due parliamentary process and is supporting the process where possible. Further updates will be provided to shareholders as and when appropriate. Authorised for release by Amanda Harsas, Finance Director and Company Secretary, Atlantic Lithium Limited. For any further information, please contact: Atlantic Lithium Limited Keith Muller (Chief Executive Officer) Amanda Harsas (Finance Director and Company Secretary) www.atlanticlithium.com.au IR@atlanticlithium.com.au Tel: +61 2 8072 0640 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Nominated Adviser Jeff Keating Charlie Bouverat Tel: +44 (0)20 3470 0470 Yellow Jersey PR Limited Charles Goodwin Bessie Elliot atlantic@yellowjerseypr.com Tel: +44 (0)20 3004 9512 Canaccord Genuity Limited Financial Adviser: Raj Khatri (UK) / Duncan St John, Christian Calabrese (Australia) Corporate Broking: James Asensio Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Notes to Editors: About Atlantic Lithium www.atlanticlithium.com.au Atlantic Lithium is an AIM, ASX and GSE-listed lithium company advancing its flagship project, the Ewoyaa Lithium Project, a lithium spodumene pegmatite discovery in Ghana, through to production to become the country's first lithium-producing mine. The Company published a Definitive Feasibility Study in respect of the Project in July 2023. The Project was awarded a Mining Lease in October 2023, an Environmental Protection Authority ("EPA") Permit in September 2024, and a Mine Operating Permit in October 2024 and is being developed under an earn-in agreement with Elevra Lithium Limited. Atlantic Lithium holds a portfolio of lithium projects within 509km 2 and 771km 2 of granted and under-application tenure across Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire respectively, which, in addition to the Project, comprises significantly under-explored, highly prospective licences. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atlantic Lithium Limited NPV (DI) (ALL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 4 hours ago Ajax Resources 4 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 6 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 6 hours ago Caledonia Investments 9 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and