BETA Close X Atlantic Lithium Limited has consented to Elevra Lithium Limited transferring its rights and obligations concerning the Ewoyaa Lithium Project in Ghana to Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt. Elevra currently holds a 22.5% interest in the project, and this transfer, subject to regulatory approvals, will see Huayou assume sole funding for the project's development costs. This agreement is separate from the previously announced Scheme of Arrangement with Huayou and is expected to expedite the project's development and associated benefits for Ghana. Disclaimer* Atlantic Lithium Limited 11 May 2026 11 May 2026 Elevra Agrees to Transfer Ewoyaa Rights and Obligations to Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt Atlantic Lithium Limited (AIM: ALL, ASX: A11, GSE: ALLGH, " Atlantic Lithium " or the " Company ") has provided its consent under an agreement for Elevra Lithium Limited (" Elevra ") to sell all of its rights and interests in respect of the agreements related to the Company's Ewoyaa Lithium Project (" Ewoyaa " or the " Project ") in Ghana (" Project Agreement ") to Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt Co., Limited (" Huayou ") . Elevra currently holds the rights to a 22.5% interest in the Company's lithium projects in Ghana (" Ghana Portfolio "), inclusive of the Project, following the satisfaction of the terms set out in Stage 2 of the Project Agreement ( refer announcement of 17 August 2023 ) . If the relevant regulatory approvals condition precedent to the agreement is satisfied, Elevra will transfer all of its rights, obligations, title and interests associated with the Project and in the Ghana Portfolio (including in relation to its spodumene concentrate offtake rights) to Huayou. The agreement provides for reciprocal releases for Atlantic Lithium and Elevra (including any disputes) and mutual representations and warranties customary for an agreement of this nature. If the agreement is completed, Huayou has agreed that the development costs conditions precedent are deemed to be satisfied or otherwise waived. Accordingly, Huayou will then begin sole funding the Project's development costs up to the remainder of the sole funding obligations under the Project Agreement. The Company considers that the agreement provides a clear pathway for the development of the Project, which is expected to expedite the delivery of the benefits that the Project promises for Ghana, notably including the Project's host communities in Ghana's Central Region. The agreement is not conditional upon the Scheme of Arrangement announced by the Company with Huayou on 7 May 2026 being implemented. Huayou has agreed with Elevra that should within the next 3 months the Scheme Consideration offered under the Scheme of Arrangement change, that the consideration paid under the agreement reflect the same proportional change. The Company will keep the market informed of any material developments in accordance with its continuous disclosure requirements. Authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Atlantic Lithium Limited. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR. ​ ​ For any further information, please contact: Atlantic Lithium Limited Keith Muller (Chief Executive Officer) Amanda Harsas (Finance Director and Company Secretary) www.atlanticlithium.com.au IR@atlanticlithium.com.au Tel: +61 2 8072 0640 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Nominated Adviser Matthew Johnson Charlie Bouverat Richard Morrison Tel: +44 (0)20 3470 0470 Yellow Jersey PR Limited Charles Goodwin Annabelle Wills atlantic@yellowjerseypr.com Tel: +44 (0)20 3004 9512 Canaccord Genuity Limited Financial Adviser: Duncan St John, Christian Calabrese (Australia) Corporate Broking: James Asensio (UK) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Notes to Editors: About Atlantic Lithium www.atlanticlithium.com.au Atlantic Lithium is an AIM, ASX and GSE-listed lithium company advancing its flagship project, the Ewoyaa Lithium Project (the " Project "), a lithium spodumene pegmatite discovery in Ghana, through to production to become the country's first lithium-producing mine. The Parliament of Ghana ratified the Mining Lease in respect of the Project in March 2026. The Project was granted an Environmental Protection Authority ("EPA") Permit in September 2024 and a Mine Operating Permit in October 2024. The Company published a Definitive Feasibility Study in respect of the Project in July 2023. Atlantic Lithium holds a portfolio of lithium projects within 509km 2 and 771km 2 of granted and under-application tenure across Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire respectively, which, in addition to the Project, comprises significantly under-explored, highly prospective licences. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atlantic Lithium Limited NPV (DI) (ALL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ajax Resources 2 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 3 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 4 hours ago Caledonia Investments 7 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and