Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 91 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 92 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 178 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 178 Item 9B. Other Information 178 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 178 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 179 Item 11. Executive Compensation 179 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 180 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 180 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 180 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 181 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 184 Signatures 185 Financial Statement Schedules S- 1 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Part I Item 1. Business The Allstate Corporation was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 5, 1992, to serve as the holding company for Allstate Insurance Company. Its business is conducted principally through Allstate Insurance Company and other subsidiaries (collectively, including The Allstate Corporation, “Allstate”). The Allstate Corporation is one of the largest publicly held personal lines insurers in the United States. Allstate’s strategy is to increase market share in personal and broaden protection offerings. The Allstate brand is widely known through the “You’re In Good Hands With Allstate ® ” slogan. Allstate at a Glance 208 million policies in force (“PIF”) 55,000 employees 3 rd largest personal property and casualty insurer in the United States (1) $72.61 billion investment portfolio (1) Based on 2023 statutory direct premiums written according to A.M. Best We empower customers with protection to help them achieve their hopes and dreams. We provide affordable, simple and connected protection solutions. We create opportunity for our team, economic value for our shareholders and improve communities. What We Do Auto and homeowners insurance Roadside assistance Select commercial property and casualty coverages Automotive protection and insurance products Consumer product protection plans Identity protection Mobility data collection services and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information Employer voluntary benefits, group health insurance and individual health insurance Reportable segments Allstate Protection (1) Offers private passenger auto, homeowners, other personal lines and commercial insurance through exclusive agents, independent agents, contact centers and online under the Allstate, National General and Answer Financial brands. (1) Relates to property and casualty insurance policies written during the 1960s through the with exposure to asbestos, environmental and other claims in . Protection Services Provides consumer product protection plans, device and mobile data collection services and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information, roadside assistance, protection and insurance products and identity protection and restoration through Allstate Protection Plans, Allstate Dealer Services, Allstate Roadside, Arity and Allstate Identity Protection. Allstate Health and Benefits Offers and fully insured group health products to employers, and Medicare supplement, ancillary products and medical insurance to individuals, sold through independent agents, owned agencies, benefits brokers and Allstate exclusive agents. Corporate and Other Includes net investment income, net gains (losses) on investments, other revenue, debt service, holding company activities and certain operations. (1) Allstate Protection and segments comprise . On August 13, 2024, Allstate entered into an agreement with StanCorp Financial Group, Inc. to sell Allstate’s employer voluntary benefits business. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. On January 30, 2025, Allstate entered into an agreement with Nationwide Life Insurance Company to sell the group health business. The transaction is expected to close during 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. The individual health business will either be retained or divested. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we occasionally refer to statutory financial information. All domestic United States insurance companies are required to prepare financial statements. As a result, industry data is available that enables comparisons between insurance companies, including competitors that are not required to prepare financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). We frequently use industry publications containing statutory financial information to assess our competitive position. The Allstate Corporation 1 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Our Shared Purpose, Strategy and Segment Information Established Our Shared Purpose in 2007 to articulate Allstate’s purpose and obligations to key stakeholders: customers, shareholders, employees and communities. The strategy to achieve those objectives is linked to operational execution by articulating values, operating standards and behaviors. Our Shared Purpose As the Good Hands... Our Values Our Operating Standards Our Behaviors • We empower customers with protection to help them achieve their hopes and dreams. • We provide affordable, simple and connected protection solutions. • We create opportunity for our team, economic value for our shareholders and improve communities. • Integrity is . • Inclusive Diversity & Equity values and leverages unique identities with equitable opportunity and rewards. • Collective Success is achieved through empathy and prioritizing enterprise outcomes ahead of individuals. • Focus on Customers by anticipating and exceeding service expectations at low costs. • Be the Best at protecting customers, developing talent and running our businesses. • Be Bold with original ideas using speed and conviction to beat the competition. • Earn Attractive Returns by providing customer value, proactively accepting risk and using analytics. • Collaborate early and often to develop and implement comprehensive solutions and share learnings. • Challenge Ideas to leverage collective expertise, evaluate multiple alternatives and create the best path forward. • Provide Clarity for expected outcomes, decision authority and accountability. • Provide Feedback that is candid, actionable, independent of hierarchy and safe. Our strategy has two components: increase personal market share and expand protection offerings by leveraging the Allstate brand, customer base and capabilities. 2 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Allstate Protection’s strategy is to be a low cost digital provider that offers affordable, simple and connected products. Allstate Protection will increase personal lines market share through Transformative Growth. Transformative Growth is about creating a business model, capabilities and culture that continually transform to better serve customers. This is done by providing affordable, simple and connected protection through multiple distribution channels. The acquisition of National General expanded our independent agent relationships and Transformative Growth has improved our direct sales capabilities. The successful repositioning of distribution has increased new business in all channels. The ultimate objective is to enhance customer value to drive growth in all businesses by: • Improving customer value by providing low cost affordable, simple and connected protection solutions • Expanding customer access to Allstate and National General products and services through a wide variety of distribution channels • Increasing sophistication and investment in customer acquisition • Deploying new technology ecosystems that are more flexible and enable a digital customer experience • Driving organizational transformation Protection Services’ strategy is to innovate new products and services, expand distribution and provide affordable, simple and connected protection solutions. Allstate Protection Plans Expand distribution and product breadth of consumer protection plans through new and existing retailers and mobile operators across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Allstate Dealer Services Expand distribution of Allstate branded protection and insurance products through auto dealerships, business partnerships and direct to consumer. Allstate Roadside Modernize the roadside assistance business through technology and enhanced digital capabilities to deliver a superior customer experience. Arity Provide telematics and mobility insights to insurance companies, the transportation industry and consumer apps. Allstate Identity Protection Create a leading position in the identity protection and restoration market, offering identity protection and expand partnership and direct to consumer distribution channels. The Allstate Corporation 3 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Allstate Protection Segment Our Allstate Protection segment accounted for 92.4% of Allstate’s 2024 consolidated insurance premiums and contract charges and 18.0% of Allstate’s December 31, 2024 PIF. This segment includes private passenger auto, homeowners and other personal lines products offered through Allstate branded exclusive agents, independent agents and directly to consumers. We have three businesses, Allstate brand, National General and Answer Financial with products and services that cater to different customer needs and distribution preferences. Transformative Growth Improve Customer Value Seeking to be a low cost provider through cost reductions, identifying savings opportunities for customers through proactive protection reviews and increasing pricing sophistication Broadening the benefits of being connected with the Allstate Mobile app and expanded use of telematics pricing sophistication Improving customer interactions and reducing customer effort Expand Customer Access Increasing Allstate agent efficiency and productivity, positioning them to deliver greater value to customers at lower costs Growing National General by leveraging Allstate pricing and product capabilities and expanding product offerings and independent agency relationships Increasing direct channel distribution through improved customer experiences, increasing marketing and expanding sales capacity Increase Sophistication and Investment in Customer Acquisition Improving the effectiveness of customer acquisition by centralizing lead management and using data and advanced computing capabilities Increasing marketing spend in geographic areas meeting target margins Deploy New Technology Ecosystem Deploying an advanced technology ecosystem to deliver affordable, simple, and connected experiences and products at a lower cost Using large language models to improve customer communications Drive Organizational Transformation Improve effectiveness and efficiency by empowering talent with decision clarity, agile business processes, measurement science and advanced technology 4 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Products and distribution Allstate Protection differentiates itself by offering a comprehensive range of affordable, simple and connected protection solutions across distribution channels for specific consumer segments. Protection Products Insurance products (1) Auto Homeowners Specialty auto (motorcycle, trailer, motor home and vehicle) Other personal lines (renters, condominium, landlord, boat, umbrella, manufactured home, scheduled personal property and valuable item protection) Commercial lines Answer Financial Comparison quotes and sales of auto, homeowners and other personal lines (condominium, renters, motorcycle, recreational vehicle and boat) (1) Insurance products are primarily offered by the Allstate and National General brands. Distribution Exclusive agency channel In the U.S., we offer products through over 27,700 Allstate exclusive agents and licensed sales professionals and 600 exclusive financial specialists who offer life and annuity insurance and investment products. In Canada, we offer Allstate brand products through approximately 500 employee sales agents. Independent agency channel In the U.S., we distribute our products through approximately 55,000 independent agent locations. Direct channel We offer products through approximately 1,800 sales representatives in contact centers and online. We also offer Direct Auto products through employees in approximately 500 retail stores. Strategy updates and additional information Allstate exclusive agents and direct channel Our Affordable, Simple and Connected auto and homeowners insurance product rollouts will be largely completed by the end of 2025. This will include a simplified shopping and customer experience and enhanced pricing sophistication that provides a seamless experience for customers. Independent Agents Our Custom360 ® middle market standard and preferred auto and homeowners insurance product will be rolled out to the majority of the country by the end of 2025. Allstate Protection pricing and risk management strategies Our pricing and underwriting strategies and decisions are designed to generate sustainable profitable growth. A proprietary database of underwriting and loss experience enables sophisticated pricing algorithms and methodologies to accurately price risks while seeking to attract and retain customers in multiple risk segments. • For auto insurance, risk evaluation factors can include, but are not limited to: vehicle make, model and year; driver age and marital status; territory; years licensed; loss history; years insured with prior carrier; prior liability limits; prior lapse in coverage; and insurance scoring utilizing telematics data and other consumer information. • For property insurance, risk evaluation factors can include, but are not limited to: geographic location of the property; loss history; age, condition and construction characteristics of the property; insurance scoring utilizing other consumer information; and the amount of insurance purchased. The pricing strategy involves local marketplace pricing and underwriting decisions based on risk evaluation factors to the extent permissible by applicable law and an evaluation of competitors. Pricing of property products is intended to generate returns that are acceptable over a period. Rate increases are pursued to keep pace with loss cost trends, including losses from catastrophic events and those that are (such as wind, hail, lightning and freeze not meeting our criteria to be declared a catastrophe). We also take into consideration potential customer disruption, the impact on our ability to market our products, regulatory limitations, our competitive position and profitability. The Allstate Corporation 5 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business In any reporting period, loss experience from catastrophic events and losses may contribute to negative or positive underwriting performance relative to the expectations incorporated into product pricing. Property catastrophe exposure is managed with the goal of providing shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed, managing variability of earnings, while providing protection to our customers. Catastrophe exposure management includes purchasing reinsurance to provide coverage for known exposure to hurricanes, earthquakes and fires following earthquakes, wildfires and other catastrophes. Our current catastrophe reinsurance program utilizes the Company’s risk and return framework which incorporates our robust economic capital model and is informed by catastrophe risk models including hurricanes, earthquakes and wildfires. We monitor risk both in aggregate and by peril, while also evaluating model performance relative to experience and our expectations of catastrophe risk trends. As of December 31, 2024, the modeled 1- probable maximum loss for hurricane, earthquake and wildfire perils is approximately $3.5 billion, net of reinsurance. We continually review our aggregate risk appetite and the cost and availability of reinsurance to optimize the risk and return profile of this exposure. The use of different assumptions and updates to industry models and to our risk transfer program could materially change the projected loss. Growth strategies include areas where we believe diversification can be enhanced and an appropriate return can be earned for the risk. As a result, our modeled exposure may increase. In addition, we have exposure to other severe weather events, which impact catastrophe losses. We are promoting measures to prevent and mitigate losses that are increasing due to climate change and increased severe weather including making homes and communities more resilient, enforcement of stronger building codes, adoption of sensible land use policies, expanded disaster response capabilities and creation of public risk sharing mechanisms. Commercial lines strategy The commercial lines strategy is focused on growing the National General commercial auto product lines with strategic expansion as the organization shifts from the Allstate brand to the National General brand. The National General commercial auto product is replacing the Allstate Business Insurance product and is sold through exclusive agents and independent agents. The National General brand will continue to expand geographically and increase product lines that were previously sold through the Allstate brand. In 2024, the commercial insurance strategy was further advanced through an equity investment and commercial partnership with NEXT Insurance, a , digital platform for small business insurance. This partnership expands the availability of our commercial lines offerings via the NEXT product portfolio, which complements the commercial auto product offering, across a wider distribution network, and will expand to sell directly to consumers. In 2023, we began exiting Allstate brand traditional commercial insurance and the is expected to be complete by the end of 2025. Answer Financial strategy Answer Financial is an insurance agency that sells Allstate and other insurance companies’ products directly to customers. Our strategy as a insurance agency is to provide comparison shopping and related services for consumers, offering choice, convenience and ease of use. Compensation structure Exclusive agent The compensation structure for Allstate exclusive agents rewards them for delivering high value to customers and achieving certain business outcomes such as profitable growth and household penetration. Allstate exclusive agent remuneration comprises a base commission, variable compensation and monthly and annual bonus opportunities. • Agents receive a monthly base commission payment as a percentage of their total eligible written premium. • New business variable compensation rewards agents for acquiring new customers by exceeding a base production goal and bundling products in the household. Renewal variable compensation rewards agents for bundling. • Annual bonus compensation is based on a percentage of premiums and can be earned by agents who are meeting certain sales goals and selling additional policies to meet customer needs profitably. Independent agent remuneration for National General comprises a base commission and an annual bonus opportunity that can be earned by agents who are profitably growing the business. The value proposition expands for key independent agency partners where we offer additional incentives for targeted growth. • Agents receive a monthly base commission payment as a percentage of their total eligible written premium. Commission rates vary by state and by product and bundled rates are higher than monoline rates. • Annual profit share opportunity is based upon growing premium profitably and includes higher payouts in relation to eligible premiums for agencies that achieve premium growth and profit targets. • Additional annual incentives are offered to key agency partners to reach specific targets and are tailored to incentivize profitable growth. 6 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Direct channel employee agents The compensation structure for employee agents in the direct channel comprises paying employee agents a base salary as well as a variable compensation opportunity for selling a variety of products. Employee agents sell products through contact centers and also offer Direct Auto products through retail stores. • Employee agents are compensated with a competitive base salary. • Employee agents have variable compensation opportunities based upon meeting sales goals. Other products and distribution Allstate also sells commercial and homeowners (in geographies) insurance, roadside assistance and a range of life and annuity products offered by providers. Innovative product offerings and features solutions Allstate brand Affordable, Simple, Connected Reimagined insurance experience and products, making them affordable, simple and connected. Examples include fewer questions for customers to answer before getting a quote, coverage descriptions and customized coverage offers and an rating plan. Offered through the exclusive agency channel, on the web or direct to consumers in 31 states for auto, 28 states for renters and 4 states for both homeowners and valuable item protection as of December 31, 2024. New product suite includes feature options for qualified customers similar to Your Choice Auto ® , such as Accident Forgiveness and Auto Replacement Protection and new features such as more flexible transportation expense and expanded household composition options. Allstate House and Home ® Featured options include Claim RateGuard ® , Bonus, Deductible Rewards ® and flexibility in options and coverages, including graduated roof coverage and pricing based on roof type and age for damage related to wind and hail events. Bundling Benefits Auto customers with a qualifying property policy are provided an auto renewal guarantee and a deductible waiver (when the same event, with the same covered cause of loss, damages both auto and property). Offered in 47 states and District of Columbia (“D.C.”) as of December 31, 2024. Auto Replacement Protection Replaces a qualifying customer’s vehicle involved in a total loss accident with a newer vehicle with fewer miles. Offered in 48 states and D.C. as of December 31, 2024. National General Custom360 ® Endorsements and coverage amounts can be scaled up or down to create a custom, insurance solution for customers at all stages in life. Leverages Allstate analytics and rating plans adapted to the independent agency channel. Offered in 30 states as of December 31, 2024. Telematics solutions Allstate brand Drivewise ® program, available in 48 states and D.C. as of December 31, 2024, that uses a mobile application or an device to capture driving behaviors and encourage safe driving. It provides customers with information, tools and more accurate individual pricing. Milewise ® insurance product, available in 21 states and D.C. as of December 31, 2024, that gives customers flexibility to customize their insurance and pay based on the number of miles they drive. National General DynamicDrive ® telematics application, available in 44 states as of December 31, 2024, used to capture driving behaviors and to more accurately rate customers. The Allstate Corporation 7 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Competition The personal lines insurance markets, including private passenger auto and homeowners insurance, are highly competitive. The following charts provide Allstate Protection’s combined market share compared to our principal U.S. competitors using statutory direct written premium for the year ended December 31, 2023, according to A.M. Best. Geographic markets We primarily operate in the U.S. (all 50 states and D.C.) and Canada. Our top geographic markets based on 2024 statutory direct premiums are reflected below. 8 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Protection Services Segment Our Protection Services segment accounted for 4.7% of Allstate’s 2024 consolidated total revenue and 80.0% of Allstate’s December 31, 2024 PIF. Protection Services includes Allstate Protection Plans, Allstate Dealer Services, Allstate Roadside, Arity and Allstate Identity Protection, which offer a broad range of products and services that expand and enhance customer value propositions. Products and distribution Products and services Allstate Protection Plans Provides consumer protection plans and related technical support for mobile phones, consumer electronics and major appliances which provide customers protection from mechanical or electrical failure, and in certain cases, accidental damage. Also provides coverage for accidental damage on furniture. Allstate Dealer Services Offers protection and insurance products, including vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection waivers, road hazard tire and wheel, and paint and fabric protection. Allstate Roadside Offers towing, , lockout, fuel delivery and tire change services. Arity Provides mobility insights and services created from data collected, normalized and analyzed by the Arity platform, including automotive telematics information. Product suite includes risk scoring (Arity IQ), lead generation, digital advertising, data integration, traditional telematics and solutions. Allstate Identity Protection Provides identity protection and restoration, consumer cybersecurity, privacy and family digital safety services. Distribution channels Allstate Protection Plans Retailers and mobile operators, or online. Allstate Dealer Services Independent agents selling through auto dealerships in the U.S. in conjunction with the purchase of a new or used vehicle, through business partnerships and direct to consumer. Allstate Roadside Allstate exclusive agents, direct to consumer, wholesale partners, affinity groups and mobile application service. Arity Strategic partnerships to both affiliate and customers and direct to companies. Allstate Identity Protection Workplace benefit programs, partnerships with financial institutions and direct to consumer delivered through enterprise partnerships, online and mobile application sales. Geographic markets Protection Services primarily operates in the U.S. and Canada, with Allstate Protection Plans also offering services in Europe, Asia and Australia. Competition We compete on a variety of factors, including product offerings, brand recognition, financial strength, price and customer experience. The market for these services is highly competitive. The Allstate Corporation 9 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Allstate Health and Benefits Segment Strategy Allstate Health and Benefits segment accounted for 4.0% of Allstate’s 2024 consolidated total revenue and 2.0% of Allstate’s December 31, 2024 PIF. The Allstate Health and Benefits segment provides consumers with financial protection against the risk of accidents, illness and mortality. Allstate Health and Benefits is differentiated through its broad product portfolio, flexible enrollment solutions, strong national accounts team and brand. • Employer voluntary benefits provides supplemental health and life protection to employees across all company sizes, delivering substantially more value through innovative product offerings and providing exceptional customer service experiences for new and existing customers. • Group health provides and fully insured group health products to employers, primarily targeting small employer groups. Group health is differentiated in the market through its customizable products, flexible enrollment solutions and strong distribution team. • Individual health is a leading provider of medical, Medicare supplement and ancillary insurance products to individuals as well as health products. Individual health is differentiated through its broad product portfolio, automated enrollment solutions and deep pool of agents. On August 13, 2024, Allstate entered into a share purchase agreement with StanCorp Financial Group, Inc. to sell American Heritage Life Insurance Company and American Heritage Service Company, comprising Allstate’s employer voluntary benefits business. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. On January 30, 2025, Allstate entered into an agreement with Nationwide Life Insurance Company to sell Direct General Life Insurance Company, NSM Sales Corporation and The Association Benefits Solution, LLC, comprising the group health business. The transaction is expected to close during 2025, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. The individual health business will either be retained or divested. Products and distribution channels Employer voluntary benefits Over 3,000 independent agents, benefits brokers and Allstate exclusive agents for employer voluntary benefits focusing on workplace benefits for employers Group health Over 4,000 independent agents for group health focusing on health plans for small employers Individual health Over 33,000 independent agents, agencies, marketing, wholesaling, worksite marketing and the internet for individual health Competition We compete on a wide variety of factors, including product offerings, brand recognition, financial strength and ratings, price, distribution and customer service. The market for plans is growing as small employer groups seek to provide medical coverage for their employees while minimizing the cost of insurance. medical, ancillary products, and Medicare supplement insurance help fill the increasing gaps associated with continued medical cost inflation and the shifting of costs from employers to employees. We compete with large group medical carriers in our , fully insured group health insurance, medical and Medicare supplement insurance offerings. Geographic markets We primarily operate in the U.S. (all 50 states and D.C.) and Canada. The top geographic markets based on 2024 statutory direct premiums are reflected below. 10 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Other Business Segments Segment The segment includes results from property and casualty insurance coverage that primarily relates to policies written during the 1960s through the . Strategy Management of this segment has been assigned to a designated group of professionals with expertise in claims handling, policy coverage interpretation, exposure identification, litigation and reinsurance collection. We may pursue settlement agreements including policy buybacks on direct excess commercial business when appropriate to improve the certainty of the liabilities. Settlement agreements are negotiated contracts between Allstate and third parties that generally set forth the rights and obligations of the parties, including terms of payment for claims. At the end of 2024, 65% of the gross case reserves, excluding incurred but not reported, on the direct excess commercial business were attributable to settlement agreements. This group also manages other direct commercial and assumed reinsurance business in and engages in reinsurance ceded and assumed commutations as required or when considered economically advantageous. Changes in the reserves established for asbestos, environmental and other lines losses have occurred and may continue. Reserve changes can be caused by new information relating to new and additional claims, new exposures or the impact of resolving unsettled claims based on unanticipated events such as arbitrations, litigation, legislative, judicial or regulatory actions. Environmental losses may also increase as the result of additional funding for environmental site . Challenges related to the concentration of insurance and reinsurance claims from companies who specialize in this business continue to be addressed. Corporate and Other Segment Our Corporate and Other segment is comprised of net investment income, net gains (losses) on investments, other revenue, debt service, holding company activities and certain operations, including expenses associated with strategic initiatives. The Allstate Corporation 11 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Regulation Allstate is subject to extensive regulation, primarily at the U.S. state level. The method, extent and substance of such regulation vary by state but generally have their source in statutes that establish standards and requirements for conducting the business of insurance and that also delegate regulatory authority to a state agency. These rules have a substantial effect on our business and relate to a wide variety of matters, including insurer solvency and statutory surplus sufficiency, reserve adequacy, insurance company licensing and examination, agent and adjuster licensing, agent and broker compensation, policy forms, rate setting, the nature and amount of investments, claims practices, participation in shared markets and guaranty funds, transactions with affiliates, the payment of dividends, underwriting standards, statutory accounting methods, trade practices, privacy regulation and data security, corporate governance and risk management. In addition, state legislators and insurance regulators continue to examine the appropriate nature and scope of state insurance regulation. For a discussion of statutory financial information, see Note 18 of the consolidated financial statements. Allstate is also subject to regulation at the U.S. Federal level and by governments, regulators, and agencies in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. in which we conduct business. For a discussion of regulatory contingencies, see Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements. Note 16 and Note 18 are incorporated in this Part I, Item 1 by reference. The Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act created the Federal Insurance Office (“FIO”) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“U.S. Treasury”). The FIO monitors the insurance industry, provides advice to the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), represents the U.S. on international insurance matters, and studies the current regulatory system. Additional regulations or new requirements may emerge from the activities of various regulatory entities, including the Federal Reserve Board, FIO, FSOC, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”), and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, that are evaluating solvency and capital standards for insurance company groups. Most states have adopted substantially similar versions of the NAIC Insurance Holding Company System Model Act and the Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation. Other states, including New York and Massachusetts, have adopted modified versions of the model act, although the supporting regulation is substantially similar to the model regulation. We cannot predict whether any specific state or federal measures will be adopted to change the nature or scope of the regulation of insurance or what effect any such measures would have on Allstate. We are working for changes in the regulatory environment to make insurance more available and affordable for customers, encourage market innovation, improve driving safety, strengthen cybersecurity and promote better catastrophe preparedness and loss mitigation. Limitations on dividends by insurance subsidiaries As a holding company with most business operations conducted by subsidiaries, The Allstate Corporation relies on dividends from Allstate Insurance Company as one of the principal sources of cash to pay dividends and to meet its obligations, including the payment of principal and interest on debt or to fund businesses. Allstate Insurance Company is regulated as an insurance company in Illinois, and its ability to pay dividends is restricted by Illinois law. The laws of the other jurisdictions that generally govern our other insurance subsidiaries contain similar limitations on the payment of dividends. However, such laws in some jurisdictions may be more restrictive. For additional information regarding limitations, see Part II, Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report. In addition, the NAIC adopted a group capital calculation covering all entities of the insurance company group for use in solvency monitoring activities by regulators. Any increase in the amount of capital or reserves our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold could reduce the amount of future dividends such subsidiaries are able to distribute to the holding company. Any reduction in the capital ratios of our insurance subsidiaries could also adversely affect their financial strength ratings as determined by statistical rating agencies. We have not experienced, and we do not expect to experience, any impact from the group capital calculation on our current dividend plans. Insurance holding company regulation – change of control The Allstate Corporation is a holding company and its insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they write business. In the U.S., these subsidiaries are organized under the insurance codes of Alabama, California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina and Texas. Additionally, some of these subsidiaries are considered commercially domiciled in California, Florida, and Texas. Generally, the insurance codes in these states provide that the acquisition or change of “control” of a domestic or commercially domiciled insurer or of any person that controls such an insurer cannot be consummated without the prior approval of the relevant insurance regulator. In general, a presumption of “control” arises from the ownership, control, possession with the power to vote, or possession of proxies with respect to ten percent or more of the voting securities of an insurer or of a person who controls an insurer. In addition, certain state insurance laws require notification to state agencies of a change in control with respect to a non- 12 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business domestic insurance company licensed to do business in that state. While such notification statutes do not authorize the state agency to disapprove the change of control, such statutes do authorize certain remedies, including the issuance of a order with respect to the insurer if certain conditions exist, such as undue market concentration. Thus, any transaction involving the acquisition of ten percent or more of The Allstate Corporation’s common stock would generally require prior approval by the state insurance departments in Alabama (where the threshold is five percent or more of The Allstate Corporation’s common stock), California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina and Texas. Moreover, notification would be required in those other states that have adopted notification provisions and where the insurance subsidiaries are admitted to transact business. Such approval requirements may deter, delay or prevent certain transactions affecting the ownership of The Allstate Corporation’s common stock. Rate regulation Nearly all states and D.C (collectively, “locations”) have insurance laws requiring personal property and casualty insurers to file rating plans, policy or coverage forms, and other information with the location’s regulatory authority. In many cases, such rating plans, policy forms, or both must be approved prior to use. The speed with which an insurer can change rates in response to competition or increasing costs depends on the location’s rating laws, which include the following categories: • Prior approval — Regulators must approve a rate before the insurer may use it (22 locations). Some of these permit insurers to make rate changes without prior approval within a limited range • — Insurers do not have to wait for the regulator’s approval to use a rate, but the rate must be filed with the regulatory authority prior to being used (19 locations) • — Requires an insurer to file rates within a certain period of time after the insurer begins using them (9 locations) • No filing or approval — One location, with an immaterial amount of written premiums, does not require a filing to be submitted Under these rating laws, the regulator has the authority to disapprove a rate filing. An insurer’s ability to adjust its rates in response to competition or to changing costs is dependent on an insurer’s ability to demonstrate to the regulator that its rates or proposed rating plan meets the requirements of the rating laws. In those locations that significantly restrict an insurer’s discretion in selecting the business that it wants to underwrite, an insurer can manage its risk of loss by charging a rate that reflects the cost and expense of providing the insurance. In those locations that significantly restrict an insurer’s ability to charge a rate that reflects the cost and expense of providing the insurance, the insurer may be able to manage its risk of loss by being more selective in the type of business it underwrites. When a location significantly restricts both underwriting and pricing, it becomes more difficult for an insurer to maintain its targeted level of profitability. From time to time, the personal lines insurance industry comes under pressure from state regulators, legislators, and groups to reduce, freeze, or set rates at levels that do not correspond with our analysis of underlying costs, catastrophe loss exposure, and expenses. We expect this kind of pressure to persist. Allstate and other insurers are using increasingly sophisticated pricing models and rating plans that are reviewed by regulators and groups. Regulators may limit the ability of insurers to include variables in their rating plans even though they are indicative of risk. Regulators may interpret existing law or rely on future legislation or regulations to impose new restrictions that adversely affect profitability or growth. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative and regulatory measures regarding insurance rates. We are also subject to limitations for cancellations and for certain periods of time due to catastrophe events. In January 2025, the California Insurance Commissioner issued a mandatory moratorium on or canceling residential insurance coverage in specific zip codes affected by the wildfires. Involuntary markets As a condition of maintaining our licenses to write personal property and casualty insurance in various states, we are required to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities, and joint underwriting associations that provide various types of insurance coverage to individuals or entities that otherwise are unable to purchase such coverage from private insurers, including the California FAIR Plan Association. For a discussion of these items see Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements. Note 16 is incorporated in this Part I, Item 1 by reference. Indemnification programs We are a participant in industry pools, facilities or associations, mandating participation by insurers offering certain coverage in their state, including the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (“MCCA”), the New Jersey Insurance Guaranty Association, the North Carolina Reinsurance Facility and the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund. We also The Allstate Corporation 13 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business participate in the Federal Government National Flood Insurance Program. For a discussion of these items see Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements. Note 12 is incorporated in this Part I, Item 1 by reference. Guaranty funds Under state insurance guaranty fund laws, insurers doing business in a state can be assessed, up to prescribed limits, in order to cover certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies. We do not anticipate any material adverse financial impact on Allstate from these assessments. Investment regulation Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to state regulation that specifies the types of investments that can be made and concentration limits of invested assets. Failure to comply with these rules leads to the treatment of investments as assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus. Further, in some instances, these rules require divestiture of investments. The NAIC periodically reviews the statutory accounting and RBC requirements for investments and makes changes from time to time. Exiting geographic markets; canceling and policies Most states regulate an insurer’s ability to exit a market. For example, states may limit, to varying degrees, an insurer’s ability to cancel and policies. Some states restrict or prohibit an insurer from withdrawing one or more types of insurance business from the state, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state insurance department. Regulations that limit cancellation and and that subject withdrawal plans to prior approval requirements may restrict an insurer’s ability to exit unprofitable markets. and investment advisers The Allstate entities that operate as a and registered investment advisers are subject to regulation and supervision by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), Financial Institution Regulatory Authority and/or, in some cases, state securities administrators. The SEC has proposed rules and amendments related to cybersecurity risk management and cybersecurity-related disclosure for , registered investment advisers, registered investment companies, and business development companies. The SEC has adopted a comprehensive set of rules and interpretations for and investment advisers, including Regulation Best Interest. In addition, individual states and their securities regulators have and may adopt their own enhanced conduct standards for that could impact products provided by Allstate agents and Allstate’s , their sales processes, sales volume, and producer compensation arrangements. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which contains several provisions, was signed into law in August 2022. The law established a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) for certain large corporations and an excise tax of 1% on stock repurchases by publicly traded U.S. corporations, both effective after December 31, 2022. The excise tax on common stock repurchases is classified as an additional cost of the stock acquired included in treasury stock in shareholders' equity. The Company has determined that it is considered an “applicable corporation” under the rules of CAMT. 15% Global Minimum Tax The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) secured agreement from nearly 140 countries to address how corporate profits are taxed for multinational enterprises (“MNEs”). OECD released Pillar Two model rules, a 15% minimum effective tax rate (also known as the Global Erosion, designed to ensure that large MNEs pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction where they operate and mandates sharing of certain company information with taxing authorities on a local and global basis. The Company is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules, and certain jurisdictions where the Company operates have enacted their respective tax law to comply with the Pillar Two framework beginning on or after December 31, 2023. The Company does not expect the impact to be material to its results of operations. The Company continues to evaluate the impact as additional jurisdictions, including those in which we operate, adopt their own legislation throughout 2025 and beyond. Climate disclosures In March 2024, the SEC adopted a final rule requiring registrants to disclose certain information in their registration statements and annual reports. On April 4, 2024, the SEC issued a voluntary stay of the final rule, awaiting the outcome of pending litigation. It is not yet clear whether or how the SEC’s stay will impact the compliance timeline for the rule. If implemented as adopted, the rule will require the disclosure of qualitative and quantitative information, with certain information, such as financial statement effects of severe weather events, included in the notes to the audited financial statements. Other disclosure requirements include material risks, processes to manage and govern those risks, disclosure of targets if the targets materially affect or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, and, if material, disclosure of certain greenhouse gas emissions. The Company is currently monitoring the status of the final rule. In February 2025, the SEC requested that the court not schedule the case for argument to provide time for the SEC to deliberate and determine next steps. In October 2023, California enacted several climate disclosure bills. One of these is the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (Senate Bill 253), which requires disclosure and assurance over greenhouse gas emissions using a phased reporting approach. The law, as amended in September 2024, requires the California Air Resources Board to develop and adopt implementing regulations no later than July 1, 2025. Allstate has publicly reported its greenhouse gas inventory since 2010. We will continue evaluating the 14 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business anticipated impacts and scope of the new laws on our reporting and disclosures. Privacy regulation and data security Federal law and the laws of many states require companies, including financial institutions, to protect the security and confidentiality of consumer information and to notify consumers about their policies and practices relating to collection, use, disclosure, and protection of consumer information. Federal law and the laws of many states also regulate disclosures and disposal of consumer information. Congress, state legislatures, and regulatory authorities continue to consider additional privacy regulation. In addition to laws and regulations specific to financial institutions, there are comprehensive privacy laws that apply across industries. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as well as similar laws in Virginia, Connecticut, and many other states, impose significant compliance requirements for certain larger businesses in those states. Among other things, these privacy laws provide consumers with privacy rights such as the right to request access to or deletion of their personal information. The California Consumer Privacy Act also established a new privacy regulatory agency. In November 2023, the New York State Department of Financial Services amended its cybersecurity regulation, including both new and heightened requirements. Many states have now adopted some form of the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law, establishing standards for data security, including the investigation of and notification to insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events. Additional states are also likely to adopt similarly themed cybersecurity requirements in the future. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative or regulatory measures regarding privacy or cybersecurity. Asbestos Congress has repeatedly considered legislation to address asbestos claims and litigation in the past. We cannot predict the impact on our business of possible future legislative measures regarding asbestos. Environmental Environmental pollution and of polluted waste sites is the subject of federal and state regulation. The Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and comparable state statutes (collectively, the “Environmental Laws” or “ECLs”) govern the and restoration of waste sites by Potentially Responsible Parties (“PRPs”). The ECLs establish a mechanism to assign liability to PRPs or to fund the of waste sites if PRPs fail to do so. The extent of liability to be allocated to a PRP depends on a variety of factors. The insurance industry is involved in extensive litigation regarding coverage issues arising out of the of waste sites by insured PRPs and the insured parties’ alleged liability to third parties responsible for the . Allstate’s exposure to liability with regard to its insureds that have been, or may be, named as PRPs is uncertain. Developments in the insurance and reinsurance industries have fostered a movement to segregate asbestos, environmental and other lines exposures into separate legal entities with dedicated capital. Regulatory bodies in certain cases have supported these actions. We are unable to determine the impact, if any, that these developments will have on the collectability of reinsurance recoverables in the future. The Allstate Corporation 15 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Human Capital Allstate’s success is highly dependent on human capital and a strong organizational culture. Allstate defines organizational culture as a system of shared values, priorities and principles that shape beliefs and drive behaviors and within an organization. Allstate encourages employees to proactively manage their career so it is integrated into their personal purpose. This includes investing in and holding management accountable for employee development and maintaining a culture aligned with Our Shared Purpose at all levels. Our culture supports Allstate as we transform to become the lowest cost protection provider with an affordable, simple, connected experience. We invest in talent development and employee engagement, health, safety and because this contributes to Allstate’s success. In 2024, Allstate was recognized for the 10 th year as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. As of December 31, 2024, Allstate had approximately 55,000 employees and 400 employees. Allstate’s human capital management focuses on the following priorities: Talent development and employee engagement We seek to provide employees with rewarding work, professional growth, holistic support programs and educational opportunities. Our flexible work policies support talent attraction and retention. • In 2024, Allstate: – Sustained a voluntary turnover rate of 13%. – Maintained employee engagement scores that surpassed industry benchmarks, with 84% of employees expressing a favorable view of engagement. – Increased its global workforce surveys on the employee experience, which assess employee sentiment around topics like their sense of connection, feelings of wellbeing, workload management and overall job satisfaction. – Launched an early career enrichment experience, designed to upskill early career employees. The program provides tools, resources, and an environment to support the development of early career talent during their first year in role. – Provided financial assistance to more than 2,000 Allstate U.S. employees to enroll in a formal degree, certificate, or boot camp program. – Filled over 35% of open U.S. positions with internal applicants. Employee and safety We believe in a culture of and take our responsibility to care for employees’ seriously, devoting resources to employee health and safety. • Allstate created a workplace strategy based on employee feedback, including providing greater flexibility in how, when and where work is done. • assessments are offered to understand employee needs and wants to support their . Completing the assessment lowers the cost of benefits to employees and allows Allstate to provide holistic programs based on personalized interests. • We focus on supporting Allstaters outside of work, as all and Allstate employees are eligible for paid leave to care for family members from the day they join Allstate. • In 2024, we spent $58 million for and virtual events, travel budgets, and other engagement and activities that bring Allstaters together to strengthen connection and belonging among teams that may not work in the same location. • We provide avenues for Allstaters to recognize and support each other, including a global recognition program available in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, India and Northern Ireland. In 2024, employees recognized each other over one million times. Recognized employees earn points that can be redeemed for merchandise, gift cards or donations to charities. • We create an environment where employees feel confident and supported to raise concerns through Allstate's "Speak Up" process. • Our Wellbeing Champion community connects their teams and leaders with Allstate’s health and wellness resources and promotes opportunities to engage in programs and coaching, including courses facilitated by internal performance coaches on themes and virtual yoga and meditation classes offered four times a week. Organizational culture We strive for a workforce where our varied backgrounds and experiences make us a better company. We work to attract, nurture and retain a skilled workforce. Talent acquisition, development, retention and mobility practices support all employees in achieving their career aspirations. As part of our commitment to fair compensation practices, we complete pay equity analyses. Annually, we seek to identify potential pay gaps as well as identify policies or practices that may contribute to pay gaps. The external analyses found that Allstate’s results compared well to benchmarks for companies of similar size and scope. 16 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Allstate supports and funds voluntary, Employee Impact Groups (“EIGs”) and Business Impact Groups (“BIGs”) that are open to all employees. EIGs and BIGs make our company stronger by enhancing employee connection, belonging and engagement, resulting in better business results and service for our customers. EIGs help foster a sense of belonging by focusing on development, engagement and collaboration. BIGs focus on creating opportunities for employees to solve business problems and serve as an incubator for innovation, collaboration and professional development. Analysis from 2024 shows that EIG members at Allstate have a 28% lower turnover than . In 2024, 14% of our Allstate U.S. workforce participated in at least one EIG. Officers from across the enterprise leverage their time, networks and resources to support the EIGs and BIGs, and positively impact employee engagement and retention at Allstate. Our early career programs, including apprenticeship, internship and development programs, are designed to build skills through experiences, formal learning and peer learning. These programs attract a variety of backgrounds and experiences. Allstate continues to make significant progress on Allstate’s talent strategy, including a focus on hiring by eliminating degree requirements for jobs where having a degree was not required. Allstate also focuses on prioritizing internal hiring and developing, strengthening and retaining existing talent. In addition to the above discussion of our employees, please see information about Allstate agents under the captions “Allstate Protection Segment - Products and Distribution” and “Compensation Structure” in Part I, Item 1 of this report. The Allstate Corporation 17 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Website Our website is allstate.com. The Allstate Corporation’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available on the Investor Relations section of our website (www.allstateinvestors.com), free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed or furnished to the SEC and available at www.sec.gov. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Global Code of Business Conduct, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Executive Committee, Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee and Risk and Return Committee are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document filed with the SEC. Other Information About Allstate • Allstate’s five reportable segments use shared services, including human resources, investment, finance, information technology and legal services, provided by Allstate Insurance Company and other affiliates. • Although the insurance business generally is not seasonal, claims and claims expense for the Allstate Protection segment tend to be higher for periods of severe or inclement weather. • “Allstate ® ” is a very brand name in the United States. We use the “Allstate ®” , “National General ® ” and “Answer Financial ® ” brands extensively in our business. We also provide additional protection products and services through “Allstate ® Protection Plans”, “Allstate ® Dealer Services”, “Allstate ® Roadside ”, “Arity ® ”, “Allstate ® Identity Protection” “Allstate ® Benefits” and “Allstate ® Health Solutions”, among others. These brands, products and services are supported with the related service marks, logos, and slogans. Our rights in the United States to these names, service marks, logos and slogans continue as long as we continue to use them in commerce. Many service marks used by Allstate are the subject of renewable U.S. and/or foreign service mark registrations. We believe that these service marks are important to our business and we intend to maintain our rights to them. 18 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names of our executive officers as of February 1, 2025, their ages, positions and business experience. “AIC” refers to Allstate Insurance Company. Each of the officers named below may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the board of directors of the relevant company. Name Age Position with Allstate and Business Experience Thomas J. Wilson 67 Chairman of the Board (May 2008 to present), President (June 2005 to January 2015 and February 2018 to present), and Chief Executive Officer (January 2007 to present) of The Allstate Corporation and AIC. Elizabeth A. Brady 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing, Customer and Communications Officer of AIC (January 2020 to present). Christine M. DeBiase 56 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel of The Allstate Corporation and AIC (May 2024 to present); Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of The Allstate Corporation and AIC (January 2023 to May 2024); Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel of Brighthouse Financial (February 2018 to December 2022). John E. Dugenske 58 President, Investments and Corporate Strategy of AIC (September 2022 to present); President, Investments and Financial Products of AIC (January 2020 to September 2022). Eric K. Ferren 51 Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of The Allstate Corporation and AIC (May 2024 to present); Chief Financial Officer of Revantage (April 2024 to May 2024); Senior Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer of The Allstate Corporation (May 2017 to September 2019) and Senior Vice President of AIC (May 2014 to April 2024). Suren Gupta 63 Executive Vice President, President, Protection Products & Enterprise Services of AIC (August 2023 to present); President, Enterprise Services (October 2022 to August 2023); Executive Vice President, Chief Information Technology and Enterprise Services Officer of AIC (January 2020 to October 2022). Zulfikar Jeevanjee 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of AIC (October 2022 to present); Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, CVS Health (February 2021 to September 2022); Senior Vice President, Chief Enterprise Architect of AIC (November 2018 to February 2021). Jesse E. Merten 50 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Allstate Corporation and AIC (September 2022 to present); President, Financial Products of AIC (May 2020 to September 2022); Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of AIC (December 2017 to May 2020). Mark Q. Prindiville 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of AIC (May 2020 to present); Senior Vice President of AIC (September 2016 to May 2020). Mario Rizzo 58 President, of AIC (September 2022 to present); Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Allstate Corporation and AIC (January 2018 to September 2022). The Allstate Corporation 19 2024 Form 10-K Item 1. Business Statements This report contains “ statements” that anticipate results based on our estimates, assumptions and plans that are subject to uncertainty. These statements are made subject to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may be identified by their use of words like “plans,” “seeks,” “expects,” “will,” “should,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “believes,” “likely,” “targets” and other words with similar meanings. These statements may address, among other things, our strategy for growth, catastrophe exposure management, product development, investment results, regulatory approvals, market position, expenses, financial results, litigation and reserves. We believe that these statements are based on reasonable estimates, assumptions and plans. statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we assume no obligation to update any statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. In addition, statements are subject to certain risks or uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those communicated in these statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part 1, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report and those described from time to time in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 20 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors and Other Disclosures Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary Risks are grouped into three categories: (1) insurance and financial services, (2) business, strategy and operations and (3) macro, regulatory and risk environment. Many risks may affect more than one category and are included where the impact is most significant. If some of these risk factors occur, they may cause the emergence of or exacerbate the impact of other risk factors, which could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on the business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. The table below includes examples of risks from each category. Insurance and financial services Business, strategy and operations Macro, regulatory and risk environment Risks related to the insurance and financial services industries Risks related to Allstate’s business and operating model Risks that impact most companies • Loss cost estimates are complex and losses are unknown at the time policies are sold • Claim frequency and severity volatility • Catastrophes and severe weather • Ability to obtain approval for rate increases • Investment results are subject to market volatility and valuation judgments • Highly competitive industry • Changing consumer preferences • New or changing technologies • Ineffective Transformative Growth strategy • Ability to maintain catastrophe reinsurance programs and limits • Fluctuations in financial strength and ratings • Loss of key business relationships • Ability to attract, develop and retain talent • Adverse changes in economic and capital market conditions • disruptive or destabilizing events • Cybersecurity and privacy events • Changing climate conditions • Evolving environmental, social and governance expectations and standards • Regulatory and political changes The Allstate Corporation Board of Directors (“Allstate Board”) has overall responsibility for oversight of Management’s design and implementation of our Enterprise Risk and Return Management (“ERRM”) framework that manages the business on an integrated basis following risk and return principles. The Risk and Return Committee of the Allstate Board oversees effectiveness of the ERRM program, governance structure and , while focusing on the Company’s overall risk profile. See Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”), Enterprise Risk and Return Management for further details. Consider these cautionary statements carefully together with other factors discussed elsewhere in this document, in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) or in materials incorporated therein by reference. Insurance and financial services Property and casualty actual claim costs may exceed current reserves established for claims due to changes in the inflationary, regulatory and litigation environment Estimating claim reserves is an inherently uncertain and complex process. We continually refine our best estimates of losses after considering known facts and interpretations of the circumstances. The reserving methodology may be impacted by the following: • Models that rely on the assumption that past loss development patterns will persist into the future • Internal factors including experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment and case reserving patterns, pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix, contractual terms and changes in claim reporting and settlement practices • External factors such as inflation, court decisions, changes in law or litigation imposing unintended coverage or an unexpected increase in the number, size or types of claims, regulatory requirements, changes in driving patterns, delays in reporting of claims and economic conditions, the imposition and impact of tariffs, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages The ultimate cost of losses, or current estimates, have and may continue to vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition as the reserves and amounts due from reinsurers are reestimated. For further details, see MD&A, Application of Critical Accounting Estimates. Unexpected increases in the frequency or severity of property and casualty claims may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition A significant increase in claim frequency could adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition. Changes in mix of business, miles driven, weather patterns, driving behaviors or other factors can lead to changes in claim frequency. We may experience volatility in claim frequency, and The Allstate Corporation 21 2024 Form 10-K Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors and Other Disclosures trends may not be predictive of future losses over the longer term. Increases in claim severity can arise from numerous causes that are inherently difficult to predict. The following factors have and may continue to impact claim severity for auto bodily injury, auto physical damage (including collision and property damage) and homeowners coverages: • Bodily injury — more severe accidents, an increase in claims with attorney representation, higher medical consumption, and inflation • Vehicle physical damage — inflation, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and the imposition of tariffs impacting used vehicle and parts prices, labor rates, length of claim resolution, delays in the receipt of carrier claims, and a higher mix of total losses • Homeowners — inflation in the construction industry, building materials and home furnishings, changes in the mix of loss type, changes in building codes and other economic and environmental factors, including supply imbalances for services, supplies in areas affected by catastrophes and the imposition of tariffs Catastrophes and severe weather events may subject us to significant losses Catastrophic events could adversely affect operating results and cause them to vary significantly from one period to the next. Climate change could contribute to increased variability of catastrophe losses and underwriting results. Also, liquidity could be constrained by a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes, which could result in extraordinary losses, sales of investments or a downgrade of our debt or financial strength ratings. Catastrophic losses are caused by wind and hail, wildfires, tornadoes, hurricanes, tropical storms, earthquakes, severe freeze events, volcanic eruptions, terrorism, cyberattacks, civil unrest, industrial accidents and other such events. Our personal property insurance business may incur catastrophe losses greater than: • Those experienced in prior years • The average expected level used in pricing • Current reinsurance coverage limits • Loss estimates from hurricane and earthquake models at various levels of probability Property and casualty businesses are subject to claims arising from severe weather events such as wildfires, winter storms, rain, hail and high winds. The incidence and severity of weather conditions resulting in claims are extremely volatile. The total number of policyholders affected by the event, the severity of the event and the coverage provided contribute to catastrophe and severe weather losses. Increases in the insured values of covered property, geographic concentration and the number of policyholders exposed to certain events could increase the severity of claims from catastrophic and severe weather events. Limitations in analytical models used to assess and predict the exposure to catastrophe losses may adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition We use internally developed and vendor models along with our own historical data to assess exposure to catastrophe losses. The models assume various conditions and probability scenarios and may not accurately predict future losses or measure losses currently incurred. Price competition and changes in regulation and underwriting standards in property and casualty businesses may adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition The personal market is highly competitive with carriers competing through underwriting, advertising, price, customer service, innovation and distribution. Changes in regulatory standards regarding underwriting and rates could also affect the ability to predict future losses and could impact profitability. Competitors can alter underwriting standards, lower prices, have more sophisticated pricing models and increase advertising, which could result in lower growth, profitability or decrease our competitive position. A decline in the growth or profitability of the property and casualty businesses could have a material effect on the results of operations and financial condition. A regulatory environment that requires rate increases to be approved, can dictate underwriting practices and mandate participation in loss sharing arrangements, may adversely affect results of operations and financial condition Regulatory approval of rate increases, especially during inflationary periods, may restrict rate changes that may be required to achieve targeted levels of profitability and returns on equity. If we are unsuccessful, the results of operations could be negatively impacted. Certain states may enact regulatory reforms regarding insurance rating that may make it more difficult to obtain rates that appropriately reflect the risk. In addition, certain states have enacted laws that require an insurer conducting business in that state to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations. Certain states also require the insurer to offer coverage to all consumers, often restricting an insurer’s ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge for the risk acceptance. In these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite significant amounts of business at rates, possibly leading to unacceptable returns. Alternatively, as the facilities recognize a financial deficit, they could have the ability to assess participating insurers, adversely affecting the results of operations and financial condition. Laws and regulations of many states also limit an insurer’s ability to withdraw from one or more lines of insurance, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state 22 www.allstate.com 2024 Form 10-K Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors and Other Disclosures insurance department. Certain states require an insurer to participate in guaranty funds for impaired or insolvent insurance companies. These funds periodically assess losses against all insurance companies doing business in the state. The results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by any of these factors. Our investment portfolios are subject to market risk and declines in credit quality which may adversely affect or create volatility in investment income and cause realized and unrealized losses We continually evaluate investment management strategies since we are subject to risk of loss due to adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, real estate values, currency exchange rates and liquidity. Adverse changes have and may continue to occur due to changes in monetary and fiscal policy, inflation, geopolitical events and the economic climate, liquidity of a market or market segment, investor return expectations or risk tolerance, insolvency or financial distress of key market makers or participants, instability of the banking sector, or changes in market perceptions of credit worthiness. Investments are subject to risks associated with economic and capital market conditions and factors that may be unique to our portfolio, including: • General weakening of the economy, which is typically reflected through higher credit spreads and lower equity and real estate valuations • Declines in credit quality • Declines in interest rates, credit spreads or sustained low interest rates could lead to declines in portfolio yields and investment income • Increases in market interest rates, credit spreads or a decrease in liquidity could have an adverse effect on the value of fixed income securities that form a substantial majority of our investment portfolios • Adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates • Changes in U.S. and foreign tax laws • Imposition of new or increased tariffs • Supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, macro trends impacting real estate supply and demand and other factors may have an adverse impact on investment valuations and returns • Weak performance of general and joint venture partners and underlying investments unrelated to general market or economic conditions could lead to declines in investment income and cause realized losses in limited partnership interests • Concentration in any particular issuer, industry, collateral type, group of related industries, geographic sector or risk type The approaches we use to actively manage exposure to market risk, including rebalancing existing asset or liability portfolios, changing the type of investments purchased in the future, and use of derivative instruments to modify the market risk characteristics of existing assets and liabilities or assets expected to be purchased may not perform as intended or expected, resulting in higher than expected realize

[truncated]