BETA Close X Atlantic Lithium Limited has announced a significant update regarding the Mining Lease for its Ewoyaa Lithium Project in Ghana, confirming its submission to the Parliament of Ghana for ratification. This lease, initially granted in October 2023 for a 15-year period, represents the final permitting step, enabling the company to advance funding and offtake arrangements. While the company is confident in parliamentary approval during the current session, it cautions that ratification is not guaranteed. This development is considered a key catalyst for the project's financing and development. Disclaimer* Atlantic Lithium Limited 12 November 2025 12 November 2025 Ewoyaa Lithium Project - Mining Lease Update Atlantic Lithium Limited (AIM: ALL, ASX: A11, GSE: ALLGH, "Atlantic Lithium" or the "Company"), the Africa-focused lithium exploration and development company targeting the delivery of Ghana's first lithium mine, provides the following update regarding the Mining Lease in respect of the Company's flagship Ewoyaa Lithium Project ("Ewoyaa" or the "Project") in Ghana. The Company is pleased to confirm that the Mining Lease has been submitted to the Parliament of Ghana and referred to the Select Committee to be considered, as per due process for ratification. The Select Committee is responsible for considering matters related to lands, forestry, and mines, and, through its review of the Mining Lease, will provide its recommendation to Parliament for or against ratification. Initially granted in October 2023, the Mining Lease provides the Company exclusive rights to carry out mining and commercial production activities at Ewoyaa for an initial 15-year period, renewable in accordance with Ghanaian legislation ( refer announcement of 20 October 2023 ). With all of the necessary regulatory approvals secured, parliamentary ratification serves as the final step of the Project's permitting process, which will enable the Company to further progress activities in relation to funding and offtake arrangements for the Project. The current parliamentary session commenced on 21 October 2025. The Company remains confident that ratification of the Mining Lease will be forthcoming in accordance with due parliamentary process. Shareholders should note, however, that there can be no certainty that Parliament will indeed ratify the Mining Lease. Commenting, Keith Muller, Chief Executive Officer of Atlantic Lithium, said : "We are pleased to note that the Ewoyaa Mining Lease has been put to Parliament for consideration in the current parliamentary sitting. We hope that the ratification can swiftly follow, which will serve as a key catalyst for the financing and development of the Project." Authorised for release by Amanda Harsas, Finance Director and Company Secretary, Atlantic Lithium Limited. For any further information, please contact: Atlantic Lithium Limited Keith Muller (Chief Executive Officer) Amanda Harsas (Finance Director and Company Secretary) www.atlanticlithium.com.au IR@atlanticlithium.com.au Tel: +61 2 8072 0640 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Nominated Adviser Jeff Keating Charlie Bouverat Tel: +44 (0)20 3470 0470 Yellow Jersey PR Limited Charles Goodwin Bessie Elliot atlantic@yellowjerseypr.com Tel: +44 (0)20 3004 9512 Canaccord Genuity Limited Financial Adviser: Raj Khatri (UK) / Duncan St John, Christian Calabrese (Australia) Corporate Broking: James Asensio Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Notes to Editors: About Atlantic Lithium www.atlanticlithium.com.au Atlantic Lithium is an AIM, ASX, and GSE-listed lithium company advancing its flagship project, the Ewoyaa Lithium Project, a lithium spodumene pegmatite discovery in Ghana, through to production to become the country's first lithium-producing mine. The Company published a Definitive Feasibility Study in respect of the Project in July 2023. The Project was awarded a Mining Lease in October 2023, an Environmental Protection Authority ("EPA") Permit in September 2024, and a Mine Operating Permit in October 2024 and is being developed under an earn-in agreement with Piedmont Lithium Inc. Atlantic Lithium holds a portfolio of lithium projects within 509km 2 and 771km 2 of granted and under-application tenure across Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire respectively, which, in addition to the Project, comprises significantly under-explored, highly prospective licences. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atlantic Lithium Limited NPV (DI) (ALL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ajax Resources 2 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 3 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 4 hours ago Caledonia Investments 7 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and