, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 January 2025 
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate 
36.8Mt at 41.9% Feldspar 
Ewoyaa Lithium Project, Ghana 
 
Increased Feldspar MRE reaﬃrms Ewoyaa’s potential as a major domestic source of feldspar in Ghana 
 
Atlantic Lithium Limited (AIM: ALL, ASX: A11, GSE: ALLGH, OTCQX: ALLIF, “Atlantic Lithium” or the “Company”), the 
African-focused lithium exploration and development company targeting to deliver Ghana’s ﬁrst lithium mine,  is 
pleased to announce an updated JORC (2012) compliant Mineral Resource Estimate of 36.8Mt at 41.9% feldspar 
(“Feldspar MRE”) for the Company’s flagship Ewoyaa Lithium Project (“Ewoyaa” or the “Project”) in Ghana, West 
Africa.  
Highlights 
- Updated JORC (2012) compliant Mineral Resource Estimate of 36.8Mt at 41.9% feldspar (“Feldspar MRE”) reported 
in respect of the Project. 
 
- The Feldspar MRE is based on the same geological model that resulted in the 36.8Mt at 1.24% Li 2O Mineral 
Resource Estimate1 for the Project (“Lithium MRE”) announced by the Company on 30 July 2024. 
 
- The Feldspar MRE includes 29.8Mt (81%) in the Measured and Indicated categories, comprising a total of 3.7Mt at 
40.2% feldspar in the Measured category, 26.1Mt at 42.1% feldspar in the Indicated category and 7.0Mt at 42.4% 
feldspar in the Inferred category. 
 
- The Feldspar MRE represents all of the spodumene pegmatites  drilled at Ewoyaa and considers the mine plan in 
respect of the Project’s Life of Mine spodumene concentrate production, as detailed in the Ewoyaa Deﬁnitive 
Feasibility Study (“DFS”; refer announcement of 29 June 2023). 
o The resource upgrade builds upon the Maiden Feldspar MRE announced by the Company on 12 December 
2023, which only constituted approximately the ﬁrst ﬁve years of planned spodumene production. 
 
- Quartz and muscovite also reported in the Feldspar MRE as additional potential by -products from spodumene 
concentrate production at Ewoyaa. 
 
- Atlantic Lithium believes Ewoyaa represents a major domestic source of feldspar, which it intends to supply to the 
local Ghanaian ceramics market.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 2 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Commenting, Keith Muller, Chief Executive Oﬃcer of Atlantic Lithium, said: 
“We are pleased to report an increased Feldspar Mineral Resource Estimate of 36.8Mt at 41.9% Feldspar in respect of 
the Company’s Ewoyaa Lithium Project.  
“The increased Feldspar MRE incorporates all of the spodumene pegmatites drilled at Ewoyaa and, therefore, considers 
the mine plan for the Project over its entire 12 -year mine life. The increased resource gives us further conﬁdence in 
Ewoyaa’s potential as a major source of feldspar  in Ghana, which w ill be produced as a by -product of spodumene 
concentrate production from the Project. 
“Atlantic Lithium intends to supply the feldspar to the local Ghanaian ceramics market to support t he growth of 
businesses associated with the industry and the wider local economy. 
“As such, the Feldspar MRE enables the Company to incorporate life of mine production of feldspar in future revisions 
of the Ewoyaa feasibility studies, as well as in its considerations to bring the feldspar to market.” 
 
 
Authorised for release by Amanda Harsas, Finance Director and Company Secretary, Atlantic Lithium Limited. 
 
This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"), and is 
disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of MAR.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 3 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Updated Feldspar Mineral Resource Estimate 
In respect of the Ewoyaa Lithium Project, the Company reports an updated JORC (2012) compliant Mineral Resource 
Estimate of 36.8Mt at 41.9% feldspar (“Feldspar MRE”). 
The Feldspar MRE is based on the same pegmatite geology wireframes and internal lithium mineralisation wireframes 
that resulted in the 36.8Mt at 1.24% Li2O Mineral Resource Estimate1 for the Project (“Lithium MRE”), as announced 
by the Company on 30 July 2024, and considers the mine plan in respect of the Project’s Life of Mine spodumene 
concentrate production, as detailed in the Ewoyaa Deﬁnitive Feasibility Study (“DFS”, refer announcement of 29 June 
2023). 
The Feldspar MRE includes 29.8Mt (81%) in the Measured and Indicated categories , comprising a  total of 3.7Mt at 
40.2% feldspar in the Measured category, 26.1Mt at 42.1% feldspar in the Indicated category and 7.0Mt at 42.4% 
feldspar in the Inferred category. In addition to the feldspar, quartz and muscovite were also estimated and included 
as potential by-products of spodumene concentrate production at Ewoyaa (refer Table 1).  
The Company previously reported a Maiden Feldspar MRE for the Project (refer announcement of 12 December 2023), 
conﬁned to the Ewoyaa Main, Ewoyaa Northeast, Ewoyaa South -1 and Ewoyaa South -2 deposits, which constituted 
approximately the ﬁrst ﬁve years  of spodumene production.  This upgraded Feldspar MRE  now represents all the 
spodumene pegmatites  drilled at Ewoyaa , with  the normative mineralogy calculate d  f r o m  t o t a l  f u s i o n  X-ray 
ﬂuorescence (XRF) major element data using a least squares method. 
The Feldspar MRE enables the Company to include Life of Mine production of feldspar in future revisions of the Ewoyaa 
feasibility studies, expected to drive down operating costs for the Project, and in its strategy to bring the feldspar to 
market. 
The Company believes that Ewoyaa could represent a major domestic producer of feldspar, which it intends to supply 
to the local Ghanaian ceramics market. 
Metallurgical test work and ceramic application trials undertaken using feldspar samples from Ewoyaa for vitreous 
hotelware, high-end earthenware and ﬂoor tiles  produced acceptable ware, comparable to industry standards in all 
aspects, including contraction, water absorption, density, porosity, shape, colour and appearance (refer announcement 
of 12 December 2023). 
The Feldspar MRE was completed by Ashmore Advisory Pty Ltd (“Ashmore”) of Perth, Western Australia, with results 
tabulated in the Statement of Mineral Resources in Table 1. The Statement of Mineral Resources is reported in line 
with the requirements of the JORC Code (2012) and is therefore suitable for public reporting.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 4 of 25 
30 January 2025 
 
Table 1: Ewoyaa Feldspar MRE (0.5% Li2O Cut-oﬀ) 
  Measured Mineral Resource 
Type Tonnage Quartz Quartz Feldspar Feldspar Musc. Musc. 
  Mt % Mt % Mt % Mt 
Primary 3.7 32.6 1.20 40.2 1.48 7.2 0.27 
Total 3.7 32.6 1.20 40.2 1.48 7.2 0.27 
                
  Indicated Mineral Resource 
Type Tonnage Quartz Quartz Feldspar Feldspar Musc. Musc. 
  Mt % Mt % Mt % Mt 
Weathered 0.5 34.5 0.16 37.6 0.17 8.4 0.04 
Primary 25.6 31.8 8.14 42.1 10.80 6.3 1.61 
Total 26.1 31.8 8.30 42.1 10.98 6.3 1.65 
                
  Inferred Mineral Resource 
Type Tonnage Quartz Quartz Feldspar Feldspar Musc. Musc. 
  Mt % Mt % Mt % Mt 
Weathered 1.8 36.0 0.65 41.3 0.75 6.3 0.11 
Primary 5.2 32.2 1.67 42.8 2.22 6.1 0.32 
Total 7.0 33.2 2.32 42.4 2.97 6.2 0.43 
                
  Total Mineral Resource 
Type Tonnage Quartz Quartz Feldspar Feldspar Musc. Musc. 
  Mt % Mt % Mt % Mt 
Weathered 2.3 35.7 0.81 40.6 0.92 6.7 0.15 
Primary 34.5 31.9 11.02 42.0 14.51 6.4 2.20 
Total 36.8 32.2 11.83 41.9 15.43 6.4 2.35 
Note: The Mineral Resource has been compiled under the supervision of Mr. Shaun Searle who is a director of Ashmore Advisory 
Pty Ltd and a Registered Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr. Searle has suﬃcient experience that is relevant to 
the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity that he has undertaken to qualify as a 
Competent Person as deﬁned in the JORC Code and a Qualiﬁed Person under the AIM Rules for Companies.  
All Mineral Resources ﬁgures reported in the table above represent estimates at January 2025. Mineral Resource estimates are not 
precise calculations, being dependent on the interpretation of limited information on the location, shape and continuity of t he 
occurrence and on the available sampling results. The totals contained in the above table have been rounded to reﬂect the relative 
uncertainty of the estimate. Rounding may cause some computational discrepancies.  
Mineral Resources are reported in accordance with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources 
and Ore Reserves (The Joint Ore Reserves Committee Code – JORC 2012 Edition).  
The Feldspar MRE is based on the Lithium MRE reported by the Company in July 2024.  
 
Geology and Geological Interpretation 
In general, the Project area is largely underlain by rocks of the Birimian Supergroup, dominated by volcano-sedimentary 
lithologies of the Cape Coast Basin, situated on the southeast margin of the extensive Cape Coast Granitoid ( refer 
Figure 1).  Three forms of schist are developed in the area; mica schist, staurolite schist and garnet schist; all of which 
are a blue-grey colour when fresh, with weathering to a brown colour .  All of the schist appears to be quartz-biotite 
rich and well-foliated. The staurolite occurs as 2mm to 20mm porphyroblasts, while the garnets are generally small 1 
to 2mm and could be almandine or possibly spessartine within the quartz-mica schist.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 5 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Several, presumably Eburnean-aged, granitoids intrude the basin metasediments as small bosses and plugs. These 
granitoids range in composition from intermediate granodiorite (often medium-grained) to felsic leucogranites (coarse 
to pegmatoidal grain size), both sometimes in close association with pegmatite veins and bodies. 
Several roughly north-south trending dolerite dykes cut through the Birimian schist and the later granitic and pegmatite 
intrusions and are presumably of Miocene age. The dolerite dykes are some 5 to 30m wide and are easily mapped 
using the airborne magnetic data and also outcrop in places as rounded ﬂoat and boulders.  A single dolerite dyke cuts 
through the Abonko area, skirting the east side of the aggregate quarry.  In the extreme west of the tenement area, a 
number of subparallel dolerite dykes extend from the coast northwards through and past the large Afrangwa granitic 
boss.  This north -south trending structural corridor of parallel dolerite dykes appears to host roughly north -south 
trending elongate granitic intrusive bodies and pegmatites as well as the dolerite dykes.  
 
Figure 1: Geology of the Ewoyaa Lithium Project Area  
 
To show the tonnage and grade distribution throughout the entire deposit, a bench breakdown has been prepared 
using a 10m bench height, shown graphically in Figure 2.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 6 of 25 
30 January 2025 
 
Figure 2: Ewoyaa Feldspar Tonnage and Grade – 10m Bench Elevation 
 
The grade tonnage curve for the Ewoyaa Mineral Resource is shown in Figure 3. 
 
Figure 3: Ewoyaa Feldspar Grade - Tonnage Curve  
 
The various areas of pegmatite intrusions have been named and grouped for reporting purposes. The prospect names 
and locations are shown in Figure 4.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 7 of 25 
30 January 2025 
 
Figure 4: Ewoyaa Prospect Location Map (all pegmatite zones) – Asan is located approximately 2.2km northeast 
of Kaampakrom  
 
A long section and cross section of the Ewoyaa wireframes and drilling are shown in Figure 5 and Figure 6 respectively.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 8 of 25 
30 January 2025 
 
Figure 5: Long Section Z-Z’ of Ewoyaa Main Wireframes and Drilling (View towards 300°; Solid colours = resource 
wireframes, Wireframe edges = pegmatite wireframes) 
 
 
Figure 6: Cross Section of Ewoyaa Block Model Total Feldspar Grades on Section A-A’ 
 
Z Z’ 
100m 
A A’
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 9 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Drill Methods 
The database contains data for the drilling conducted by the Company since 2018, with an overview of drill types 
shown in Figure 7. 
 
Figure 7: Drill Type Location Map  
 
Drilling at the deposit extends to a maximum drill depth of 386m and the mineralisation was modelled from surface to 
a depth of approximately 360m below surface.  The estimate is based on good quality reverse circulation (“RC”) and 
diamond core (“DD”) drilling data.  Drill hole spacing is as close as 20m by 15m in some portions of the Ewoyaa deposit; 
t h e n  s p a c i n g  i s  p r e d o m i n a n t l y  4 0 m  b y  4 0 m  a c r o s s  t h e  P r o j e c t  a n d  u p  t o  8 0 m  b y  8 0 m  i n  p a r t s  o f  l e s s e r-known 
mineralisation. 
The drilling was completed in six phases commencing in April 2018.  All the drilling was undertaken by Geodrill (Ghana), 
using both RC and DD rigs. 
The RC drilling used a combination of 5.25’ and 5.75’, face sampling hammers.  The DD used PQ and HQ (85mm and 
63.5mm) diameter core barrels. The DD holes were completed from surface with PQ to maximise recovery in 
weathered zones, with reversion to HQ once ground conditions improved within fresh material.  
I n  2 0 1 8 ,  P h a s e  1  R C  h o l e s  w e r e  c o m p l e t e d  o n  a  n o m i n a l  1 0 0 m  b y  5 0 m  g r i d  p a tt e r n ,  t a r g e ti n g  t h e  E w o y a a  M a i n  
mineralised system. Phases 2 to 5 reduced the wide spacing to 80m by 40m and down to 40m by 40m in the well drilled 
portions of the Project. Phase 5 w as a major inﬁll drilling program down to 40m by 40m over most of the Project. 
Phases 6 and 7 included extensional drilling in areas of open mineralisation, as well as close spaced inﬁll drilling in 
portions of the Ewoyaa deposit.  
A summary of the drilling data within the Ewoyaa Lithium Project Mineral Resource area is shown in Table 2.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 10 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Table 2: Summary of Drilling at the Project 
Hole Type 
In Database In Mineral Resource 
Drill holes Drill holes Intersection 
Number Metres Number Metres Metres 
RCH 12 1,200    
RC 1,048 148,865 722 106,609 19,580 
RCD 36 5,311 33 4,881 786 
DD 109 12,639 101 11,558 5,393 
Total 1,205 168,015 856 123,048 25,759 
Sampling Methodology 
During Phase 1 and 2, RC drilling bulk samples and splits were collected at the rig for every metre interval drilled, the 
splits being undertaken using a riﬄe splitter. Since Phase 3, RC samples were split with a rig mounted cone spitter 
which took duplicate samples for quality control purposes.   
Diamond core was cut with a core saw and selected half core samples totalling 2,131.1kg were dispatched to Nagrom 
Laboratory in Australia for preliminary metallurgical test work.   
Selected core intervals were cut to quarter core with a saw at one metre intervals or to geological contacts; and since 
December 2018 were sent to Intertek Laboratory in T arkwa for sample preparation. Prior to that, samples were sent 
to SGS Laboratory in Tarkwa for sample preparation. 
Sample Preparation 
All Phase 1 samples were submitted to SGS Tarkwa for preparation (PRP100) and subsequently forwarded to SGS 
Johannesburg and later SGS Vancouver for analysis (ICP90A). 
PRP100 - Samples <3kg are dried in trays, crush to 100% passing 2mm, split using a rotary splitter to 5kg and pulverised 
in a LM2 to a nominal 85% passing 75µm. Approximately 100g sub-sample is taken for assay.  All the preparation 
equipment is ﬂushed with barren material prior to the commencement of the job. Coarse reject material was kept in 
the original bag. 
Since December 2018, samples have been submitted to Intertek Tarkwa (SP02/SP12) for sample preparation. Samples 
were weighed, dried and crushed to -2mm in a Boyd crusher with an 800 -1,200g rotary split, producing a nominal 
1,500g split crushed sample; which was subsequently pulverised in a LM2  ring mill.  Samples were pulverised to a 
nominal 85% passing 75µm. All the preparation equipment was ﬂushed with barren material prior to the 
commencement of the job.  Coarse reject material was kept in the original bag.  Lab sizing analysis was undertaken on 
a nominal 1:25 basis. Final pulverised samples (20g) were airfreighted to Intertek in Perth for assaying. 
For the sodium analysis of historical drilling, retention pulps within the relevant pegmatites were retrieved from 
storage, sorted and composited into 2m intervals to send to the laboratory for analysis. For all new drilling subsequently 
completed on site, all samples are routinely assayed for sodium on 1m intervals. 
Sample Analysis Method 
Since December 2018, samples were sent to Intertek Laboratory in Perth for analysis (FP6/MS/OES). FP6/MS/OES is an 
analysis for lithium and a suite of 21 other elements.  Detection limits for lithium range between 5ppm and 20,000ppm.  
The sodium peroxide fusion (in nickel crucibles) is completed with hydrochloric acid to dissolve the sub-sample and is 
considered a total dissolution.  Analysis is conducted by Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry (“ICP-MS”). 
Prior to December 2018, Phase 1 samples were submitted to SGS Johannesburg and later SGS Vancouver for analysis 
(ICP90A). ICP90 is a 28 element combination Na 2O2 fusion with ICP-OES. ICP-MS was added to some submissions for 
additional trace element characterisation purposes.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 11 of 25 
30 January 2025 
All phase 1 SGS pulps were subsequently sent to Intertek Laboratory Perth for re-analysis (FP6/MS/OES) and included 
in the resource estimate. 
During 2023, 8,793 pulps from the ﬁrst four drilling campaigns were analysed for Na using four -acid digestion. The 
majority of these pulps were analysed as 2m composites of the original 1m interval pulps. These re -assayed pulps 
formed the basis for normati ve mineralogy calculations by Telemark  Geosciences Ltd. During 2024, an additional 
11,860 pulps from the remaining drilling were analysed for Na, underpinning the normative mineralogy calculations by 
Telemark. 
Mineral Resource Classiﬁcation 
The Project deposits show good continuity of the main mineralised units which allowed the drill hole intersections to 
be modelled into coherent, geologically robust domains.  Consistency is evident in the thickness of the structure, and 
the distribution of grade appears to be reasonable along and across strike.  
The Feldspar MRE was classiﬁed as Measured, Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource based on data quality, sample 
spacing, and lode continuity; with the same parameters used to classify the Lithium MRE. The Measured Mineral 
Resource was conﬁned to fresh rock within areas drilled at 20m by 15m along with robust continuity of geology and 
Li2O grade. The Indicated Mineral Resource was deﬁned within areas of close spaced drilling of less than 40m by 40m, 
and where the continuity and predictability of the lod e positions was good.  In addition, Indicated Mineral Resource 
was classiﬁed in weathered rock overlying fresh Measured Mineral Resource. The Inferred Mineral Resource was 
assigned to transitional material, areas where drill hole spacing was greater than 40m by 40m, where small, isolated 
pods of mineralisation occur outside the main mineralised zones, and to geologically complex zones.  
The block model has an attribute “class_feldspar” for all blocks within the mineralisation wireframes coded as either 
“mes” for Measured, “ind” for Indicated or “inf” for Inferred. The Mineral Resource classiﬁcation is shown in Figure 8.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 12 of 25 
30 January 2025 
 
Figure 8: Mineral Resource Classiﬁcation Plan View 
 
The extrapolation of the lodes along strike and down-dip have been limited to distances of 40m.  Zones of extrapolation 
are classiﬁed as Inferred Mineral Resource. 
The JORC Code (2012) describes a number of criteria which must be addressed in the documentation of Mineral 
Resource estimates prior to public release of the information.  The criteria provide a means of assessing whether or 
not parts of or the entire data  inventory used in the estimate are adequate for that purpose.  The Mineral Resources 
stated in this document are based on the criteria set out in Table 1 of that Code.  These criteria are listed in Appendices 
1 and 2.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 13 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Cut-oﬀ Grade 
The Statement of Mineral Resources has been constrained by the mineralisation solids, reported above a cut-oﬀ grade 
of 0.5% Li2O. Whittle optimisations demonstrate reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction.  
Estimation Methodology 
The block model was created and estimated in Surpac using Ordinary Kriging (“OK”) grade interpolation.  The feldspar 
mineralisation was constrained by pegmatite geology wireframes and internal lithium -bearing mineralisation 
wireframes prepared using a minimum down-hole length of 3m. The wireframes were used as hard boundaries for the 
interpolation. After review of the statistics, high grade cuts were not warranted. Variography and Kriging 
Neighbourhood Analysis (“KNA”) was conducted in Supervisor software on 1m composited intervals.  
The block model was rotated on a bearing of 30°, with block dimensions of 10m NS by 10m EW by 5m vertical with 
sub-cells of 2.5m by 2.5m by 1.25m. The block size was selected based on results of KNA and also in consideration of 
two predominant mineralisation orientations of 30° and 100 to 120°.   
Bulk densities ranging between 1.7t/m 3 and 2.78t/m 3 were assigned in the block model dependent on lithology, 
mineralisation and weathering.  These densities were applied based on 14,046 bulk density measurements conducted 
by the Company on 101 DD holes and 35 RC holes with diamond tails conducted across the breadth of the Project. The 
measurements were separated using weathering surfaces, geology and mineralisation solids, with averages assigned 
in the block model. 
Mining and Metallurgical Methods and Parameters 
It is assumed that the Project can be mined with open pit mining techniques.  
Based on the Ewoyaa DFS, the Project could produce approximately 330,000 tonnes per annum of mixed K 2O / Na2O 
feldspar as a by-product from spodumene concentrate which will be sold for lithium puriﬁcation. The feldspar will be 
processed by dense media separation to produce two grades, 2.6 sg O/F with high total alkalis and 2.6 sg U/F with 
lower alkalis but signiﬁcant Li2O at approximately 0.70%, which is a strong ﬂux. 
Following examination of chemical and mineralogical composition, ceramic application trials were undertaken in Stoke 
on Trent (The Potteries) for vitreous hotelware, high-end earthenware and ﬂoor tiles. Samples were wet ground to the 
required particle size and incorporated into commercial recipes, substituting for standard feldspars and nepheline 
syenite. Each prepared body was factory ﬁred and, in the case of vitreous hotelware and high-end earthenware, biscuit 
(not glazed), glazed and decorated pieces were produced. 
In all cases the trial ﬁrings produced acceptable ware, comparable to the standards in all aspects, including contraction, 
water absorption, density, porosity, shape, colour and appearance. Good r esults were delivered at the vitreous 
hotelware factory (a world leading manufacturer of tableware for the international hospitality industry) where the 
Ewoyaa feldspars were substituted for Forshammer feldspar (mined in Sweden by Sibelco). 
Provided Atlantic Lithium can consistently produce feldspar to the same or better quality than the samples provided, 
there is a very good potential to compete in local and international ceramic markets for tableware, including vitreous 
hotelware, earthen ware and ﬂoor tiles. 
 
 
 
JORC Table 1, Section 1 (Sampling Techniques and Data) and Section 2 (Reporting of Exploration Results) are included 
in Appendix 1.  
JORC Table 1, Section 3 (Estimation and Reporting of Mineral Resources) is included in Appendix 2.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 14 of 25 
30 January 2025 
For any further information, please contact: 
Atlantic Lithium Limited 
Neil Herbert (Executive Chairman) 
Amanda Harsas (Finance Director and Company Secretary) 
 www.atlanticlithium.com.au 
 IR@atlanticlithium.com.au 
 Tel: +61 2 8072 0640 
 
 
SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP 
Nominated Adviser 
Jeﬀ Keating 
Charlie Bouverat 
Tel: +44 (0)20 3470 0470 
 
Yellow Jersey PR Limited 
Charles Goodwin 
Bessie Elliot 
atlantic@yellowjerseypr.com 
Tel: +44 (0)20 3004 9512 
 
 
Canaccord Genuity Limited 
Financial Adviser: 
Raj Khatri (UK) / 
Duncan St John, Christian Calabrese 
(Australia) 
 
Corporate Broking: 
James Asensio 
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 
 
Notes to Editors: 
About Atlantic Lithium 
www.atlanticlithium.com.au 
Atlantic Lithium is an AIM, ASX, GSE and OTCQX-listed lithium company advancing its ﬂagship project, the Ewoyaa Lithium Project, 
a signiﬁcant lithium spodumene pegmatite discovery in Ghana, through to production to become the country’s ﬁrst lithium -
producing mine.  
The Deﬁnitive Feasibility Study for the Project indicates the production of 3.6Mt of spodumene concentrate over a 12- year mine 
life, making it one of the largest spodumene concentrate mines in the world.1 2  
The Project was awarded a Mining Lease in October 2023, an Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) Permit in September 2024, 
and a Mine Operating Permit in October 2024 and is being developed under an earn-in agreement with Piedmont Lithium Inc.  
The Ewoyaa Mineral Resource Estimate (JORC) totals 36.8Mt at 1.24% Li2O and includes 3.7Mt at 1.37% Li₂O in the Measured 
category, 26.1Mt at 1.24% Li₂O in the Indicated category and 7.0Mt at 1.15% Li₂O in the Inferred category.1 Ore Reserves (Probable) 
of 25.6Mt at 1.22% Li2O have been reported for the Project.1 
Atlantic Lithium holds a portfolio of lithium projects within 509km 2 and 771km2 of granted and under-application tenure across 
Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire respectively, which, in addition to the Project, comprises signiﬁcantly under-explored, highly prospective 
licences.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 15 of 25 
30 January 2025 
End Note 
1 Ore Reserves, Mineral Resources and Production Targets 
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results, Ore Reserves, Mineral Resources and Production Targets 
complies with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 
(JORC Code). The information in this announcement relating to the Mineral Resource Estimate (“MRE”) o f 36.8Mt at 1.24% Li₂O 
for the Ewoyaa Lithium Project (“Ewoyaa” or the “Project”) is extracted from the Company’s announcement entitled “New Dog-
Leg Target Delivers Increase to Ewoyaa MRE”, dated 30 July 2024. The MRE includes a total of 3.7Mt at 1.37% Li₂O in the Measured 
category, 26.1Mt at 1.24% Li₂O in the Indicated category and 7.0Mt at 1.15% Li₂O in the Inferred category. The information in this 
announcement relating to Ore Reserves (Probable) of 25.6Mt at 1.22% Li2O and the Production Target of 3.6Mt of spodumene 
concentrate over a 12-year mine life is extracted from the Company’s announcement entitled “Ewoyaa Lithium Project Definitive 
Feasibility Study”, dated 29 June 2023. The Company confirms, in the case of Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves and Production 
Targets, that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates continue to apply. Material 
assumptions for the Project have been revised on grant of the Mining Lease for the Project, announced by the Company on 20 
October 2023 in the announcement entitled, “ Mining Lease Granted for Ewoyaa Lithium Project ”. The Company is not aware of 
any new information or data that materially affects the information included in this announcement or the announcements dated 
30 July 2024, 20 October 2023 and 29 June 2023, which are available at www.atlanticlithium.com.au. 
 
2 Ewoyaa to become one of the largest spodumene concentrate producers globally - Based on a comparison of targeted 
spodumene concentrate production capacity (ktpa, 100% basis) of select hard rock spodumene projects globally (refer Company 
presentation dated 8 September 2023). 
 
Competent Persons 
Information in this announcement relating to Mineral Resources was compiled by Shaun Searle, a Member of the Australian 
Institute of Geoscientists.  Mr Searle has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit 
under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify  as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the 
‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’ and is a Qualified Person under the 
AIM Rules. Mr Searle is a director of Ashmore. Ashmore and the Competent Person are independent of the Company and other 
than being paid fees for services in compiling this report, neither has any financial interest (direct or contingent) in the Company. 
Mr Searle consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based upon the information in the form and context in which it 
appears. 
 
Information in this announcement relating to Ore Reserves was compiled by Mr Harry Warries. All stated Ore Reserves are 
completely included within the quoted Mineral Resources and are quoted in dry tonnes. Mr Warries is a Fellow of the Australasian 
Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and an employee of Mining Focus Consultants Pty Ltd. He has sufficient experience, relevant 
to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity he is undertaking, to qualify as a  
Competent Person as defined in the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’ of December 2012 
(“JORC Code”) as prepared by the Joint Ore Reserves Committee of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, the 
Australian Institute of Geoscientists and the Mineral s Council of Australia. Mr Warries gives Atlantic Lithium Limited consent to 
use this reserve estimate in reports. 
 
The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ findings are presented have not been 
materially modified from the original market announcement.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 16 of 25 
30 January 2025 
APPENDIX 1 
JORC Table 1, Section 1 – Sampling Techniques and Data 
 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
Sampling 
techniques 
• Nature and quality of sampling (eg  cut channels, 
random chips, or speciﬁc specialised industry 
standard measurement tools appropriate to the 
minerals under investigation, such as down hole 
gamma sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc). 
These examples should not be taken as limiting the 
broad meaning of sampling. 
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure 
sample representivity and the appropriate 
calibration of any measurement tools or systems 
used. 
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that 
are Material to the Public Report. In cases where 
‘industry standard’ work has been done this would 
be relatively simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling 
was used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg was 
pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for ﬁre assay’). 
In other cases more explanation may be required, 
such as where there is coarse gold that has inherent 
sampling problems. Unusual commodities or 
mineralisation types (eg submarine nodules) may 
warrant disclosure of detailed information. 
• RC drill holes were routinely sampled at 1m intervals with a 
nominal 3 -6kg sub -sample split oﬀ for assay using a rig -
mounted cone splitter at 1m intervals.    
• DD holes were quarter core sampled at 1m intervals or to 
geological contacts for geochemical analysis.  
• For assaying, splits from all prospective ore zones (i.e. logged 
pegmatites +/ - interburden) were sent for assay.  Outside of 
these zones, the splits were composited to 4m using a portable 
riﬄe splitter.  
• Holes without pegmatite were not assayed. 
• Approximately 5% of all samples submitted were standards and 
coarse blanks. Blanks were typically inserted with the 
interpreted ore zones after the drilling was completed.  
• Approximately 2.5% of samples submitted were duplicate 
samples collected after logging using a riﬄe splitter and sent to 
an umpire laboratory. This ensured zones of interest were 
duplicated and not missed during alternative routine splitting 
of the primary sample.  
• Prior to the December 2018 - SGS Tarkwa was used for sample 
preparation (PRP100) and subsequently forwarded to SGS 
Johannesburg for analysis; and later SGS Vancouver for analysis 
(ICP90A). 
• Post December 2018 to present – Intertek Tarkwa was used for 
sample preparation (SP02/SP12) and subsequently forwarded 
to Intertek Perth for analysis (FP6/MS/OES - 21 element 
combination Na2O2 fusion with combination OES/MS).  
• ALS Laboratory in Brisbane was used for the Company’s initial 
due diligence work programs and was selected as the umpire 
laboratory since Phase 1. ALS conducts ME -ICP89, with a 
Sodium Peroxide Fusion.  Detection limits for lithium are 0.01-
10%. Sodium Pero xide fusion is considered a “total” assay 
technique for lithium. In addition, 22 additional elements 
assayed with Na2O2 fusion, and combination MS/ICP analysis. 
• During 2023, 8,793 pulps from the ﬁrst four drilling campaigns 
were analysed for Na using four-acid digestion. During 2024, an 
additional 11,860 pulps from the remaining drilling were 
analysed for Na, underpinning the normative mineralogy 
calculations by Telemark. The majority of these pulps were 
analysed as 2m composites of the original 1m interval pulps. 
Drilling 
techniques 
• Drill type (eg  core, reverse circulation, open -hole 
hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) 
and details (eg core diameter, triple or standard tube, 
depth of diamond tails, face -sampling bit or other 
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by what 
method, etc). 
 
 
• Seven phases of drilling were undertaken at the Project using 
RC and DD techniques.  All the RC drilling used face sampling 
hammers. 
• Phase 1 and 2 programs used a 5.25 inch hammers while Phase 
3 used a 5.75-inch hammer.  
• All DD holes were completed using PQ and HQ core from 
surface (85mm and 63.5mm). 
• All DD holes were drilled in conjunction with a Reﬂex ACT II tool; 
to provide an accurate determination of the bottom- of-hole 
orientation. 
• All fresh core was orientated to allow for geological, structural 
and geotechnical logging by a Company geologist.   
Drill sample 
recovery 
• Method of recording and assessing core and chip 
sample recoveries and results assessed. 
• A semi -quantitative estimate of sample recovery was 
completed for the vast majority of drilling.  This involved 
weighing both the bulk samples and splits and calculating
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 17 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and 
ensure representative nature of the samples. 
• Whether a relationship exists between sample 
recovery and grade and whether sample bias may 
have occurred due to preferential loss/gain of 
ﬁne/coarse material. 
theoretical recoveries using assumed densities. Where samples 
were not weighed, qualitative descriptions of the sample size 
were recorded.  Some sample loss was recorded in the collaring 
of the RC drill holes.  
• DD recoveries were measured and recorded.  Recoveries in 
excess of 95.8% have been achieved for the DD drilling 
program. Drill sample recovery and quality is adequate for the 
drilling technique employed. 
• The DD twin program has identiﬁed a positive grade bias for 
iron in the RC compared to the DD results.   
Logging • Whether core and chip samples have been 
geologically and geotechnically logged to a level of 
detail to support appropriate Mineral Resource 
estimation, mining studies and metallurgical studies. 
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in 
nature. Core (or costean, channel, etc) photography. 
• The total length and percentage of the relevant 
intersections logged. 
• All drill sample intervals were geologically logged by Company 
geologists. 
• Where appropriate, geological logging recorded the abundance 
of speciﬁc minerals, rock types and weathering using a 
standardised logging system that captured preliminary 
metallurgical domains. 
• All logging is qualitative, except for the systematic collection of 
magnetic susceptibility data which could be considered semi 
quantitative.  
• Strip logs have been generated for each drill hole to cross-check 
geochemical data with geological logging. 
• A small sample of washed RC drill material was retained in chip 
trays for future reference and validation of geological logging, 
and sample reject materials from the laboratory are stored at 
the Company’s ﬁeld oﬃce. 
• All drill holes have been logged and reviewed by Company 
technical staﬀ. 
• The logging is of suﬃcient detail to support the current 
reporting of a Mineral Resource. 
Sub-sampling 
techniques 
and sample 
preparation 
• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, 
half or all core taken. 
• If non -core, whether riﬄed, tube sampled, rotary 
split, etc and whether sampled wet or dry. 
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and 
appropriateness of the sample preparation 
technique. 
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub -
sampling stages to maximise representivity of 
samples. 
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is 
representative of the in situ material collected, 
including for instance results for ﬁeld 
duplicate/second-half sampling. 
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain 
size of the material being sampled. 
• RC samples were cone split at the drill rig.  For interpreted 
waste zones the 1 or 2m rig splits were later composited using 
a riﬄe splitter into 4m composite samples.  
• DD core was cut with a core saw and selected half core samples 
dispatched to Nagrom Laboratory in Perth for preliminary 
metallurgical test work.   
• The other half of the core, including the bottom- of-hole 
orientation line, was retained for geological reference. 
• The remaining DD core was quarter cored for geochemical 
analysis.  
• Since December 2018, samples were submitted to Intertek 
Tarkwa (SP02/SP12) for sample preparation. Samples were 
weighed, dried and crushed to -2mm in a Boyd crusher with an 
800-1,200g rotary split, producing a nominal 1,500g split 
crushed sample; which was  subsequently pulverised in a LM2 
ring mill.  Samples were pulverised to a nominal 85% passing 
75µm.  All the preparation equipment was ﬂushed with barren 
material prior to the commencement of the job.  Coarse reject 
material was kept in the original bag.  Lab sizing analysis was 
undertaken on a nominal 1:25 basis. Final pulverised samples 
(20g) were airfreighted to Intertek in Perth for assaying. 
• The vast majority of samples were drilled dry. Moisture content 
was logged qualitatively.  All intersections of the water table 
were recorded in the database. 
• Field sample duplicates were taken to evaluate whether 
samples were representative and understand repeatability, 
with good repeatability. 
• Sample sizes and laboratory preparation techniques were 
appropriate and industry standard.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 18 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
Quality of 
assay data 
and 
laboratory 
tests 
• The nature, quality and appropriateness of the 
assaying and laboratory procedures used and 
whether the technique is considered partial or total. 
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF 
instruments, etc, the parameters used in 
determining the analysis including instrument make 
and model, reading times, calibrations factors 
applied and their derivation, etc. 
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (eg  
standards, blanks, duplicates, external laboratory 
checks) and whether acceptable levels of accuracy 
(ie lack of bias) and precision have been established. 
• Analysis for lithium and a suite of other elements for Phase 1 
drilling was undertaken at SGS Johannesburg / Vancouver by 
ICP-OES after Sodium Peroxide Fusion. Detection limits for 
lithium (10ppm – 100,000ppm). Sodium Peroxide fusion is 
considered a “total” assay technique for lithium. 
• During 2023, 8,793 pulps from the ﬁrst four drilling campaigns 
were analysed for Na using four-acid digestion. During 2024, an 
additional 11,860 pulps from the remaining drilling were 
analysed for Na. The majority of these pulps were analysed as 
2m composites of the original 1m interval pulps. These re -
assayed pulps formed the basis for normative mineralogy 
calculations by Telemark. 
• Review of standards and blanks from the initial submission to 
Johannesburg identiﬁed failures (multiple standards reporting 
outside control limits). A decision was made to resubmit this 
batch and all subsequent batches to SGS Vancouver – a 
laboratory cons idered to have more experience with this 
method of analysis and sample type. 
• Results of analyses for ﬁeld sample duplicates are consistent 
with the style of mineralisation and considered to be 
representative. Internal laboratory QAQC checks are reported 
by the laboratory, including sizing analysis to monitor 
preparation and intern al laboratory QA/QC. These were 
reviewed and retained in the company drill hole database. 
• 155 samples were sent to an umpire laboratory (ALS) 
and/assayed using equivalent techniques, with results 
demonstrating good repeatability. 
• Atlantic Lithium’s review of QAQC suggests the SGS Vancouver 
and Intertek Perth laboratories performed within acceptable 
limits. 
• No geophysical methods or hand- held XRF units have been 
used for determination of grades in the Mineral Resource.  
Veriﬁcation of 
sampling and 
assaying 
• The veriﬁcation of signiﬁcant intersections by either 
independent or alternative company personnel. 
• The use of twinned holes. 
• Documentation of primary data, data entry 
procedures, data veriﬁcation, data storage (physical 
and electronic) protocols. 
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data. 
• Signiﬁcant intersections were visually ﬁeld veriﬁed by company 
geologists and Shaun Searle of Ashmore during the 2019 site 
visit. 
• Drill hole data was compiled and digitally captured by Company 
geologists in the ﬁeld. Where hand -written information was 
recorded, all hardcopy records were kept and archived after 
digitising. 
• Phase 1 and 2 drilling programs were captured on paper or 
locked excel templates and migrated to an MS Access database 
and then into Datashed (industry standard drill hole database 
management software).  The Phase 3 to 6 programs were 
captured using LogChi ef which has inbuilt data validation 
protocols.  All analytical results were transferred digitally and 
loaded into the database by a Datashed consultant. 
• The data was audited, and any discrepancies checked by the 
Company personnel before being updated in the database. 
• Twin DD holes were drilled to verify results of the RC drilling 
programs. Results indicate that there is iron contamination in 
the RC drilling process. 
• Reported drill hole intercepts were compiled by the Chief 
Geologist. 
• Adjustments to the original assay data included converting Li 
ppm to Li2O%.  
Location of 
data points 
• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill 
holes (collar and down-hole surveys), trenches, mine 
workings and other locations used in Mineral 
Resource estimation. 
• The collar locations were surveyed in WGS84 Zone 30 North 
using DGPS survey equipment, which is accurate to 0.11mm in 
both horizontal and vertical directions.  All holes were surveyed
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 19 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
• Speciﬁcation of the grid system used. 
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. 
by qualiﬁed surveyors.  Once validated, the survey data was 
uploaded into Datashed. 
• RC drill holes were routinely down hole surveyed every 6m 
using a combination of EZ TRAC 1.5 (single shot) and Reﬂex 
Gyroscopic tools.   
• After the tenth drill hole, the survey method was changed to 
Reﬂex Gyro survey with 6m down hole data points measured 
during an end-of-hole survey. 
• All Phase 2 and 3 drill holes were surveyed initially using the 
R e ﬂ e x  G y r o  t o o l ,  b u t  l a t e r  u s i n g  t h e  m o r e  e ﬃ c i e n t  R e ﬂ e x  
SPRINT tool. Phase 4 and 5 drill holes were surveyed using a 
Reﬂex SPRINT tool. 
• LiDAR survey Southern Mapping to produce rectiﬁed colour 
images and a digital terrain model (DTM) 32km2, Aircraft C206 
aircraft-mounted LiDAR Riegl Q780 Camera Hasselblad H5Dc 
with 50mm Fixfocus lens. 
• Coordinate system: WGS84 UTM30N with accuracy to ±0.04. 
• The topographic survey and photo mosaic output from the 
survey is accurate to 20mm.   
• Locational accuracy at collar and down the drill hole is 
considered appropriate for resource estimation purposes. 
Data spacing 
and 
distribution 
• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results. 
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is 
suﬃcient to establish the degree of geological and 
grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral 
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) 
and classiﬁcations applied. 
• Whether sample compositing has been applied. 
• The RC holes were initially drilled on 100m spaced sections and 
50m hole spacings orientated at 300° or 330° with dips ranging 
from -50° to -60°. Planned hole orientations/dips were 
occasionally adjusted due to pad and/or access constraints.  
• Hole spacing was reduced to predominantly 40m spaced 
sections and 40m hole spacings, with inﬁll to 20m by 15m in the 
upper portions of the Ewoyaa Main deposit. Holes are generally 
angled perpendicular to interpreted mineralisation 
orientations at the Project. 
• Samples were composited to 1m and 2m intervals prior to 
estimation. 
Orientation of 
data in 
relation to 
geological 
structure 
• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves 
unbiased sampling of possible structures and the 
extent to which this is known, considering the 
deposit type. 
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation 
and the orientation of key mineralised structures is 
considered to have introduced a sampling bias, this 
should be assessed and reported if material. 
• The drill line and drill hole orientation are oriented as close as 
practicable to perpendicular to the orientation of the general 
mineralised orientation. 
• Most of the drilling intersects the mineralisation at close to 90 
degrees ensuring intersections are representative of true 
widths. It is possible that new geological interpretations and/or 
inﬁll drilling requirements may result in changes to drill 
orientations on future programs. 
• No orientation based sampling bias has been identiﬁed in the 
data. 
Sample 
security 
• The measures taken to ensure sample security. • Samples were stored on site prior to road transportation by 
Company personnel to the SGS preparation laboratory.    
• With the change of laboratory to Intertek, samples were picked 
up by the contractor and transported to the sample preparation 
facility in Takoradi. 
• For the Na analysis, stored pulps were retrieved from secure 
container storage at the project ﬁeld site for compositing, re -
packing and delivery to Intertek. 
Audits or 
reviews 
• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling 
techniques and data. 
• Prior to the drilling program, a third -party Project review was 
completed by an independent consultant experienced with the 
style of mineralisation. 
• In addition, Shaun Searle of Ashmore reviewed drilling and 
sampling procedures during the 2019 site visit and found that 
all procedures and practices conform to industry standards.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 20 of 25 
30 January 2025 
 
JORC Table 1, Section 2 – Reporting of Exploration Results 
 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
Mineral 
tenement and 
land tenure 
status 
• Type, reference name/number, location and 
ownership including agreements or material issues 
with third parties such as joint ventures, 
partnerships, overriding royalties, native title 
interests, historical sites, wilderness or national 
park and environmental settings. 
• The security of the tenure held at the time of 
reporting along with any known impediments to 
obtaining a license to operate in the area. 
• P ar t  of t he P r oj ec t  i s a joi n t-venture, with the license in the 
name of the joint-venture party (Barari DV Ghana Ltd).  
• The southern portion of the deposit occurs within a license 
held by wholly owned local subsidiary Green Metals Resources 
Ltd. 
• The deposits are located on two licences Mankessim RL3/55 
and Mankessim South PL109. 
• Mankessim South – (Green Metals Resources Ltd – 100% 
Atlantic Lithium ) licence was renewed for three years and 
expires on 5th November 2026.   
• Mankessim - (Barari DV Ghana Ltd – 80% Atlantic Lithium) was 
renewed for three years and expires on the 26th July 2024  
(Licence renewal application submitted). 
• The licenses are in good standing with no known impediments. 
• A Mining License ML3/239 has been granted over the project 
area and expires 19 October 2038. 
Exploration 
done by other 
parties 
• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by 
other parties. 
• Historical trenching and mapping were completed by the 
Ghana Geological survey during the 1960’s.  But for some 
poorly referenced historical maps, none of the technical data 
from this work was located. Many of the historical trenches 
were located, cleaned and re-logged. No historical drilling was 
completed.   
Geology • Deposit type, geological setting and style of 
mineralisation. 
• Pegmatite-hosted lithium deposits are the target for 
exploration. This style of mineralisation typically forms as 
dykes and sills intruding or in proximity to granite source rocks.  
• Surface geology within the Project area typically consists of 
sequences of staurolite and garnet -bearing pelitic schist and 
granite with lesser pegmatite and maﬁc intrusives.  Outcrops 
are typically sparse and conﬁned to ridge tops with colluvium 
and mottled laterite blanketing much of the undulating terrain 
making geological mapping challenging.  The hills are often 
separated by broad, sandy dry drainages. 
• The Ewoyaa pegmatites contain relatively consistent amounts 
of spodumene (within the mineralised zones), quartz, albite, 
potassic feldspar (“k -feldspar”) and muscovite mica, along 
with numerous other minerals in relatively minor amounts. 
Drill hole 
information 
• A summary of all information material to the under-
standing of the exploration results including a 
tabulation of the following information for all 
Material drill holes: 
• easting and northing of the drill hole collar 
• elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation 
above sea level in metres) of the drill hole collar 
• dip and azimuth of the hole 
• down hole length and interception depth 
• hole length 
• If the exclusion of this information is justiﬁed on the 
basis that the information is not Material and this 
exclusion does not detract from the understanding 
of the report, the Competent Person should clearly 
explain why this is the case. 
• Exploration results are not being reported. 
• All information has been included in the appendices.  No drill 
hole information has been excluded.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 21 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
Data 
aggregation 
methods 
• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting 
averaging techniques, maximum and/or minimum 
grade truncations (e.g. cutting of high grades) and 
cut-oﬀ grades are usually Material and should be 
stated. 
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short 
lengths of high grade results and longer lengths of 
low grade results, the procedure used for such 
aggregation should be stated and some typical 
examples of such aggregations should be shown in 
detail. 
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal 
equivalent values should be clearly stated. 
• Exploration results are not being reported. 
• Not applicable as a Mineral Resource is being reported. 
• No metal equivalent values are being reported. 
Relationship 
between 
mineralisation 
widths and 
intercept 
lengths 
• These relationships are particularly important in the 
reporting of Exploration Results. 
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect 
to the drill hole angle is known, its nature should be 
reported. 
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are 
reported, there should be a clear statement to this 
eﬀect (e.g. ‘down hole length, true width not 
known’). 
• The drill line and drill hole orientation are oriented as close to 
90° degrees to the orientation of the anticipated mineralised 
orientation as practicable. 
• The majority of the drilling intersects the mineralisation 
between 60° and 80° degrees. 
Diagrams • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and 
tabulations of intercepts should be included for any 
signiﬁcant discovery being reported. These should 
include, but not be limited to a plan view of drill 
hole collar locations and appropriate sectional 
views. 
• Relevant diagrams have been included within the Mineral 
Resource report main body of text. 
•  
Balanced 
Reporting 
• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill 
holes (collar and down -hole surveys), trenches, 
mine workings and other locations used in Mineral 
Resource estimation. 
• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration 
Results is not practicable, representative reporting 
of both low and high grades and/or widths should 
be practiced to  avoid misleading reporting of 
Exploration Results. 
• All hole collars were surveyed WGS84 Zone 30 North grid using 
a diﬀerential GPS. All RC and DD holes were down -hole 
surveyed with a north-seeking gyroscopic tool. 
• Exploration results are not being reported. 
Other 
substantive 
exploration 
data 
• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, 
should be reported including (but not limited to): 
geological observations; geophysical survey results; 
geochemical survey results; bulk samples - size and 
method of treatment; metallurgical test results;  
bulk density, groundwater, geotechnical and rock 
characteristics; potential deleterious or 
contaminating substances. 
• Results were estimated from drill hole assay data, with 
geological logging used to aid interpretation of mineralised 
contact positions. 
• Geological observations are included in the report.  
Further work • The nature and scale of planned further work (e.g. 
tests for lateral extensions or depth extensions or 
large- scale step-out drilling). 
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible 
extensions, including the main geological 
interpretations and future drilling areas, provided 
this information is not commercially sensitive. 
• Follow up RC and DD drilling may be undertaken.   
• Further metallurgical test work may be required as the Project 
progresses through the study stages.   
• Drill spacing is currently considered adequate for the current 
level of interrogation of the Project.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 22 of 25 
30 January 2025 
APPENDIX 2  
JORC Table 1, Section 3 – Estimation and Reporting of Mineral Resources 
 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
Database 
integrity 
• Measures taken to ensure that data has not been 
corrupted by, for example, transcription or keying 
errors, between its initial collection and its use for 
Mineral Resource estimation purposes. 
• Data validation procedures used. 
• The database has been systematically audited by Atlantic 
Lithium geologists.   
• All drilling data has been veriﬁed as part of a continuous 
validation procedure.  Once a drill hole is imported into the 
database a report of the collar, down -hole survey, geology, 
and assay data are produced.  This is then checked by an 
Atlantic Lithium geologist and any corrections are completed 
by the database manager. 
Site visits • Comment on any site visits undertaken by the 
Competent Person and the outcome of those visits. 
• If no site visits have been undertaken indicate why 
this is the case. 
• A site visit was conducted by Shaun Searle of Ashmore during 
February 2019.  Shaun inspected the deposit area, drill 
core/chips and outcrop.  During this time, notes and photos 
were taken.  Discussions were held with site personnel 
regarding drilling and sampling procedures.  No major issues 
were encountered. 
Geological 
interpretation 
• Conﬁdence in (or conversely, the uncertainty of) the 
geological interpretation of the mineral deposit. 
• Nature of the data used and of any assumptions 
made. 
• The eﬀect, if any, of alternative interpretations on 
Mineral Resource estimation. 
• The use of geology in guiding and controlling 
Mineral Resource estimation. 
• The factors aﬀecting continuity both of grade and 
geology. 
• The conﬁdence in the geological interpretation is considered 
to be good and is based on visual conﬁrmation in outcrop and 
within drill hole intersections. 
• Geochemistry and geological logging have been used to assist 
identiﬁcation of lithology and mineralisation. 
• The Project area lies within the Birimian Supergroup, a 
Proterozoic volcano -sedimentary basin located in Western 
Ghana. The Project area is underlain by three forms of 
metamorphosed schist; mica schist, staurolite schist and 
garnet schist. Several granitoi ds intrude the basin 
metasediments as small plugs.  These granitoids range in 
composition from intermediate granodiorite (often medium 
grained) to felsic leucogranites (coarse to pegmatoidal grain 
size), sometimes in close association with pegmatite veins and 
bodies. Pegmatite intrusions generally occur as sub -vertical 
dykes with two dominant trends: either east -northeast or 
north-northeast and dip sub -vertically to moderately 
southeast to east -southeast. Thickness varies across the 
Project, with thinner mineralised units intersected at Abonko 
and Kaampakrom between 4 to 12m; and thicker units 
intersected at Ewoyaa Main between 30 to 60m and up to 
100m at surface. 
• Inﬁll drilling has supported and reﬁned the model and the 
current interpretation is considered robust. 
• Observations from the outcrop of mineralisation and host 
rocks; as well as inﬁll drilling, conﬁrm the geometry of the 
mineralisation. 
• Inﬁll drilling has conﬁrmed geological and grade continuity. 
Dimensions • The extent and variability of the Mineral Resource 
expressed as length (along strike or otherwise), 
plan width, and depth below surface to the upper 
and lower limits of the Mineral Resource. 
• The Project Mineral Resource area extends over a north-south 
strike length of 4,390m (from 577,380mN – 581,770mN), and 
includes the 360m vertical interval from 80mRL to -280mRL. 
Estimation and 
modelling 
techniques 
• The nature and appropriateness of the estimation 
technique(s) applied and key assumptions, 
including treatment of extreme grade values, 
domaining, interpolation parameters and 
maximum distance of extrapolation from data 
points. If a computer assisted estimation method 
was chosen include a description of computer 
software and parameters used. 
• Using parameters derived from modelled variograms, 
Ordinary Kriging (“OK”) was used to estimate average block 
grades in three passes using Surpac software.  Linear grade 
estimation was deemed suitable for the Cape Coast Mineral 
Resource due to the geological control on mineralisation.  The 
extrapolation of the lodes along strike and down-dip has been 
limited to a distance of 40m.  Zones of extrapolation are 
classiﬁed as Inferred Mineral Resource.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 23 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
• The availability of check estimates, previous 
estimates and/or mine production records and 
whether the Mineral Resource estimate takes 
appropriate account of such data. 
• The assumptions made regarding recovery of by -
products. 
• Estimation of deleterious elements or other non-
grade variables of economic signiﬁcance (eg 
sulphur for acid mine drainage characterisation). 
• In the case of block model interpolation, the block 
size in relation to the average sample spacing and 
the search employed. 
• Any assumptions behind modelling of selective 
mining units. 
• Any assumptions about correlation between 
variables. 
• Description of how the geological interpretation 
was used to control the resource estimates. 
• Discussion of basis for using or not using grade 
cutting or capping. 
• The process of validation, the checking process 
used, the comparison of model data to drill hole 
data, and use of reconciliation data if available. 
• It is assumed that there are no by -products or deleterious 
elements as shown by metallurgical test work. 
• The Li2O (%), Fe_Factored (%), K (%), Mn (%), Na (%) and Ti 
(ppm) grades; as well as spodumene (%), quartz (%), albite 
(%), k-feldspar (%) and muscovite (%) mineral contents were 
interpolated into the Surpac block model.  
• A Surpac block model was created to encompass the extents 
of the known mineralisation. The block model was rotated on 
a bearing of 30°, with block dimensions of 10m NS by 10m EW 
by 5m vertical with sub-cells of 2.5m by 2.5m by 1.25m.  The 
parent block size  dimension was selected on the results 
obtained from Kriging Neighbourhood Analysis and also in 
consideration of two predominant mineralisation orientations 
of 30° and 100 to 120°. 
• An orientated ‘ellipsoid’ search was used to select data and 
adjusted to account for the variations in lode orientations, 
however all other parameters were taken from the 
variography derived from Domains 1, 2, 3, 4, 7 and 8.  Up to 
three passes were used f or each domain.  First pass had a 
range of 50m, with a minimum of 8 samples.  For the second 
pass, the range was extended to 100m, with a minimum of 4 
samples.  For the third pass, the range was extended to 200m, 
with a minimum of 1 or 2 samples. A maximum of 16 samples 
was used for each pass with a maximum of 4 samples per hole.  
• No assumptions were made on selective mining units. 
• Correlation analysis was conducted on the domains at Ewoyaa 
Main.  
• The mineralisation was constrained by pegmatite geology 
wireframes and internal lithium bearing mineralisation 
wireframes prepared using a nominal 0.4% Li 2O cut-oﬀ grade 
and a minimum down -hole length of 3m. The wireframes 
were used as hard boundaries for the interpolation. 
• Statistical analysis was carried out on data from 93 
mineralised domains.  Following a review of the population 
histograms and log probability plots and noting the low 
c oe ﬃcien t of v aria tion s t a tis tics, it w as de t ermi ned tha t the 
application of high grade cuts was not warranted.  
• Validation of the model included detailed visual validation, 
comparison of composite grades and block grades by strike 
panel and elevation.  Validation plots showed good correlation 
between the composite grades and the block model grades. 
Moisture • Whether the tonnages are estimated on a dry basis 
or with natural moisture, and the method of 
determination of the moisture content. 
• Tonnages and grades were estimated on a dry in situ basis.   
Cut-oﬀ 
parameters 
• The basis of the adopted cut-oﬀ grade(s) or quality 
parameters applied. 
• The Statement of Mineral Resources has been constrained by 
the mineralisation solids and reported above a cut -oﬀ grade 
of 0.5% Li 2O. Whittle optimisations demonstrate reasonable 
prospects for eventual economic extraction.  
Mining factors or 
assumptions 
• Assumptions made regarding possible mining 
methods, minimum mining dimensions and internal 
(or, if applicable, external) mining dilution. It is 
always necessary as part of the process of 
determining reasonable prospects for eventual 
economic extraction to consider potential mining 
methods, but the assumptions made regarding 
mining methods and parameters when estimating 
Mineral Resources may not always be rigorous. 
Where this is the case, this should be reported with 
an explanation of the basis of the mining  
assumptions made. 
• Ashmore has assumed that the deposit could be mined using 
open pit mining techniques.  
• A high level Whittle optimisation of the Mineral Resource 
supports this view.
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 24 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
Metallurgical 
factors or 
assumptions 
• The basis for assumptions or predictions regarding 
metallurgical amenability. It is always necessary as 
part of the process of determining reasonable 
prospects for eventual economic extraction to 
consider potential metallurgical methods, but the 
assumptions regarding metallurgical treatment 
processes and parameters made when reporting 
Mineral Resources may not always be rigorous. 
Where this is the case, this should be reported with 
an explanation of the basis of the metallurgical 
assumptions made. 
• Based on the ELP Feasibility Study, Atlantic Lithium could 
produce approximately 330,000 tonnes per annum of mixed 
K2O  /  N a2O feldspar as a by -product from spodumene 
concentrate which will be sold for lithium puriﬁcation. The 
feldspar will be processed by dense media separation to 
produce two grades, 2.6 sg O/F with high total alkalis and 2.6 
sg U/F with lower alkalis but signiﬁcant Li2O at approximately 
0.70%, which is a strong ﬂux. 
• Following examination of chemical and mineralogical 
composition, ceramic application trials were undertaken in 
Stoke on Trent (The Potteries) for vitreous hotelware, high end 
earthenware and ﬂoor tiles. Samples were wet ground to the 
required particle siz e and incorporated into commercial 
recipes, substituting for standard feldpars and nepheline 
syeneite. Each prepared body was factory ﬁred and, in the 
case of vitreous hotelware and high-end earthenware, biscuit 
(not glazed), glazed and decorated pieces were produced. 
• In all cases the trial ﬁrings produced acceptable ware, 
comparable to the standards in all aspects, including 
contraction, water absorption, density, porosity, shape, colour 
and appearance. Results at the vitreous hotelware factory (a 
world leading manufacturer of tableware for the international 
hospitality industry) where the Atlantic Lithium feldspars 
substituted for Forshammer feldspar (mined in Sweden by 
Sibelco) were good. 
• Provided Atlantic Lithium can consistently produce feldspar to 
the same or better quality than the samples provided, there is 
a very good potential to compete in local and international 
ceramic markets for tableware, including vitreous hotelware, 
earthen ware and ﬂoor tiles. 
Environmental 
factors or 
assumptions 
• Assumptions made regarding possible waste and 
process residue disposal options. It is always 
necessary as part of the process of determining 
reasonable prospects for eventual economic 
extraction to consider the potential environmental 
impacts of the mining  and processing operation. 
While at this stage the determination of potential 
environmental impacts, particularly for a 
greenﬁelds project, may not always be well 
advanced, the status of early consideration of these 
potential environmental impacts should be 
reported. Where these aspects have not been 
considered this should be reported with an 
explanation of the environmental assumptions 
made. 
• No assumptions have been made regarding environmental 
factors.  Atlantic Lithium will work to mitigate environmental 
impacts as a result of any future mining or mineral processing. 
Bulk density • Whether assumed or determined. If assumed, the 
basis for the assumptions. If determined, the 
method used, whether wet or dry, the frequency of 
the measurements, the nature, size and 
representativeness of the samples. 
• The bulk density for bulk material must have been 
measured by methods that adequately account for 
void spaces (vugs, porosity, etc), moisture and 
diﬀerences between rock and alteration zones 
within the deposit. 
• Discuss assumptions for bulk density estimates 
used in the evaluation process of the diﬀerent 
materials. 
• Bulk density measurements were completed on selected 
intervals of diamond core drilled at the deposit. The 
measurements were conducted at the Cape Coast core 
processing facility using the water immersion/Archimedes 
method. The weathered samples were coated in paraﬃn wax 
to account for porosity of the weathered samples. 
• A total of 14,046 measurements were conducted on the Cape 
Coast mineralisation, with samples obtained from oxide, 
transitional and fresh material. 
• Bulk densities ranging between 1.7t/m 3 and 2.78t/m 3 were 
assigned in the block model dependent on lithology, 
mineralisation and weathering.   
Classiﬁcation • The basis for the classiﬁcation of the Mineral 
Resources into varying conﬁdence categories. 
• The Mineral Resource estimate is reported here in compliance 
with the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting 
of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’
Updated Feldspar Resource Estimate Page 25 of 25 
30 January 2025 
Criteria JORC Code Explanation Commentary 
• Whether appropriate account has been taken of all 
relevant factors (ie  relative conﬁdence in 
tonnage/grade estimations, reliability of input data, 
conﬁdence in continuity of geology and metal 
values, quality, quantity and distribution of the 
data). 
• Whether the result appropriately reﬂects the 
Competent Person’s view of the deposit. 
by the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC).  The ELP feldspar 
Mineral Resource was classiﬁed as Measured, Indicated and 
Inferred Mineral Resource based on data quality, sample 
spacing, and lode continuity; with the same parameters used 
to classify the lit hium Mineral Resource. The Measured 
Mineral Resource was conﬁned to fresh rock within areas 
drilled at 20m by 15m along with robust continuity of geology 
and Li2O grade. The Indicated Mineral Resource was deﬁned 
within areas of close spaced drilling of less than 40m by 40m, 
and where the continuity and predictability of the lode 
positions was good.  In addition, Indicated Mineral Resource 
was classiﬁed in weathered rock overlying fresh Measured 
Mineral Resource. The Inferred Mineral Resource was 
assigned to transitional material, areas where drill hole 
spacing was greater than 40m by 40m, where small, isolated 
pods of mineralisation occur outside the main mineralised 
zones, and to geologically complex zones.  
• The input data is comprehensive in its coverage of the 
mineralisation and does not favour or misrepresent in- situ 
mineralisation.  The deﬁnition of mineralised zones is based 
on high level geological understanding producing a robust 
model of mineralised d omains.  This model has been 
conﬁrmed by inﬁll drilling which supported the interpretation.  
Validation of the block model shows good correlation of the 
input data to the estimated grades. 
• The Mineral Resource estimate appropriately reﬂects the view 
of the Competent Person. 
Audits or 
reviews 
• The results of any audits or reviews of Mineral 
Resource estimates. 
• Internal audits have been completed by Ashmore which 
veriﬁed the technical inputs, methodology, parameters and 
results of the estimate. 
Discussion of 
relative 
accuracy/ 
conﬁdence 
• Where appropriate a statement of the relative 
accuracy and conﬁdence level in the Mineral 
Resource estimate using an approach or procedure 
deemed appropriate by the Competent Person. For 
example, the application of statistical or 
geostatistical procedures  to quantify the relative 
accuracy of the resource within stated conﬁdence 
limits, or, if such an approach is not deemed 
appropriate, a qualitative discussion of the factors 
that could aﬀect the relative accuracy and 
conﬁdence of the estimate. 
• The statement should specify whether it relates to 
global or local estimates, and, if local, state the 
relevant tonnages, which should be relevant to 
technical and economic evaluation. Documentation 
should include assumptions made and the 
procedures used. 
• These statements of relative accuracy and 
conﬁdence of the estimate should be compared 
with production data, where available. 
• The geometry and continuity have been adequately 
interpreted to reﬂect the applied level of Measured, Indicated 
and Inferred Mineral Resource.  The data quality is good, and 
the drill holes have detailed logs produced by qualiﬁed 
geologists.  A recognise d laboratory has been used for all 
analyses. 
• The Mineral Resource statement relates to global estimates of 
tonnes and grade. 
• No historical mining has occurred; therefore, reconciliation 
could not be conducted.