Notice of Annual General Meeting and 
Explanatory Memorandum 
 
Atlantic Lithium Limited ACN 127 215 132 
Date of Meeting: Thursday, 27 November 2025 
Time of Meeting: 7:00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time) 
Venue:  By virtual meeting facility 
If you are unable to attend the Meeting, please complete the proxy form enclosed 
and return it in accordance with the instructions set out on that form.
Notice of Meeting 
 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 1 of 18 
Notice is given that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Shareholders of Atlantic Lithium Limited 
ACN 127 215 132 (Company) will be held online only by virtual meeting facility on Thursday, 27 
November 2025 at 7:00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time).  
The AGM will be made accessible to shareholders via an online platform, hosted by Computershare, 
that will include the ability for shareholders to ask questions in relation to the business of the meeting 
and to vote in real time at the meeting.  These processes are set out in this notice of meeting (Notice). 
The Company encourages shareholders to participate in the AGM via the online platform.  Whilst 
shareholders will be able to vote online during the meeting via the Computershare platform, 
shareholders are encouraged to lodge a proxy ahead of the meeting even if they are participating 
online.  If you are unable to attend the virtual meeting please lodge your vote online at 
www.investorvote.com.au. 
The Company is also inviting shareholders to submit questions in advance of the AGM. Questions 
may be submitted by email to info@atlanticlithium.com.au. More frequently asked questions will be 
attempted to be addressed in the Chairman’s address at the AGM.  Questions may also be submitted 
as an online question when voting online at www.investorvote.com.au. 
How to participate in the AGM online 
Shareholders may participate in the AGM via the online platform from their computer, smartphone or 
tablet by entering https://meetnow.global/M4RU2LP into their browser. The online platform will allow 
shareholders to view the meeting presentation, vote and ask questions in real-time. Further 
information regarding the online platform (including how to participate, vote and ask questions during 
the meeting) is set out in the online meeting guide which is attached to this Notice.  We look forward to 
engaging with our shareholders virtually and hope that you will participate in the virtual meeting.  
Voting Entitlements 
All Resolutions shall be conducted by poll. 
For the purposes of determining voting entitlements at the AGM, Shares will be taken to be held by the 
persons who are registered as holding at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on 25 November 2025. Accordingly, 
transactions registered after that time will be disregarded in determining entitlements to attend and 
vote at the AGM. 
Voting by proxy 
If you are unable to attend the AGM in person, you are encouraged to complete and return the proxy 
form accompanying this Notice in accordance with the instructions set out in the proxy form. You can 
lodge your completed proxy form with the Company’s Share Registry manager, Computershare by:  
(a) mailing it to Computershare using the reply paid envelope;  
(b) posting it to GPO Box 242, Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia;  
(c) lodging it online at Computershare’s website investorvote.com.au and logging in using 
the control number found on the front of the accompanying proxy form, or scanning the 
QR code on the front of the accompanying proxy form with your mobile device and 
inserting your postcode;  
(d) faxing it to 1800 783 447 (within Australia) or +61 3 9473 2555 (outside Australia); or  
(e) Intermediary Online subscribers (Institutions/Custodians) may lodge their proxy 
instruction online by visiting: intermediaryonline.com.  
The completed proxy form must be received by Computershare no later than 7:00pm (Sydney time) on 
Tuesday, 25 November 2025 (being not later than 48 hours before the commencement of the 
Meeting). Any proxy form received after that time will not be valid for the scheduled Meeting.
Notice of Meeting 
 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 2 of 18 
In accordance with section 249L of the Corporations Act, Shareholders are advised that: 
(a) each Shareholder has a right to appoint a proxy; 
(b) the proxy need not be a Shareholder of the Company; and 
(c) A Shareholder who is entitled to cast two (2) or more votes may appoint two (2) proxies 
and may specify the proportion or number of votes each proxy is appointment to 
exercise.  If the member appoints two (2) proxies and the appointment does not specify 
the proportion or number of the member’s votes, then in accordance with section 
249X(3) of the Corporations Act, each proxy may exercise one-half of the votes.  
Shareholders and their proxies should be aware that:  
(a) if proxy holders vote, they must cast all directed proxies as directed; and  
(b) any directed proxies which are not voted will automatically default to the Chair, who 
must vote the proxies as directed.  
Voting online at the Meeting 
The Company is pleased to provide Shareholders with the opportunity to attend and participate in the 
Meeting through a fully virtual platform, where Shareholders will be able to watch, listen, ask 
questions, and vote online in real time. 
The virtual online AGM will take place at 7.00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time) on Thursday 
27 November 2025 via the online platform available at https://meetnow.global/M4RU2LP. 
Shareholders, proxies and corporate representatives are invited to view and participate in the meeting 
online by entering that address in their web browser.  
Detailed instructions on how to log into the platform and vote and ask questions are set out in the 
Online Meeting Guide attached at the back of this Notice. 
Proxyholders will need their unique username and password which may be obtained by contacting the 
Company's Share Registry on +61 3 9415 4024 during the online registration period which will open 1 
hour before the start of the meeting. 
Voting will be open until the Chair of the AGM closes the AGM. 
All resolutions will be determined by a poll. The virtual meeting platform will facilitate online voting in 
real time at the meeting. 
The results of the voting on resolutions requiring a shareholder vote at the AGM will be announced to 
ASX promptly after the meeting. 
You may still vote at the virtual Meeting even if you have appointed a proxy. If you have previously 
submitted a Proxy Form, your attendance at the Meeting will not revoke your proxy appointment 
unless you vote on a Resolution during the  
Voting by a corporation 
A body corporate that is a Shareholder or which has been appointed as a proxy, may appoint an 
individual to act as its representative at the Meeting. The appointment must comply with the 
requirements of section 250D of the Corporations Act. The Company will require written proof of the 
representative’s appointment which must be lodged with or presented to the Company before the 
AGM (including any authority under which it is signed, unless it has previously been given to the 
Company).
Notice of Meeting 
 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 3 of 18 
Technical Difficulties 
Should any technical difficulties arise during the course of the AGM, the Chair of the AGM has 
discretion as to whether and how the meeting should proceed having regard to the number of 
shareholders impacted and the extent to which participation is affected.  Where the Chair considers it 
appropriate, the Chair may continue to hold the meeting and transact business, including conducting a 
poll and voting in accordance with valid proxy instructions received by the Company.  For this reason, 
shareholders are encouraged to lodge a proxy by no later than 7.00pm (Sydney time) on Tuesday, 25 
November 2025 (being not later than 48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting)  even if they 
plan to attend online.  
Other Matters 
The Notice is important and should be read in its entirety. If you are in doubt as to the course of action 
you should follow, you should consult your financial adviser or other professional adviser. If you have 
any difficulties obtaining a copy of the Notice of Meeting please contact the Company’s share registry, 
Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited on 1300 850 505 (within Australia) or +61 (3) 9415 4000 
(overseas). 
Terms used in this Notice of Meeting are defined in section 101 (Interpretation) of the accompanying 
Explanatory Memorandum.
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 4 of 18 
Agenda 
 
Ordinary business 
Financial Reports 
To receive and consider the Company’s Annual Report comprising the Directors’ Report and Auditors’ 
Report, Directors’ Declaration, Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Position, Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows and notes to and forming part of the financial statements for the Company 
and its controlled entities for the financial year ended 30 June 2025. 
1. Remuneration Report 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an 
Advisory Resolution of the Company: 
“That, for the purpose of section 250R(2) of the Corporations Act and all other purposes, the 
Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 June 2025 (as set out in the Directors Report) is 
adopted.” 
 
The vote on this Resolution 1 is advisory only and does not bind the Directors or the 
Company. 
Voting restriction pursuant to section 250R(4) of the Corporations Act for Resolution 1 
A vote on this Resolution 1 must not be cast (in any capacity) by or on behalf of either of the 
following persons: 
•  a member of the Key Management Personnel (KMP) details of whose remuneration 
are included in the Remuneration Report; and 
•  a Closely Related Party of such a member. 
However, the above persons may cast a vote on Resolution 1 if: 
•  the person does so as a proxy; 
•  the vote is not cast on behalf of a member of the KMP details of whose remuneration  
are included in the Remuneration Report or a Closely Related Party of such a 
member; and 
•  either: 
o  the voter is appointed as a proxy by writing that specifies the way the proxy is 
to vote on the Resolution; or 
o  the voter is the Chair of the Meeting and the appointment of the Chair as 
proxy: 
− does not specify the way the proxy is to vote on the Resolution; and 
− expressly authorises the Chair to exercise the proxy even if the 
Resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the remuneration of 
a member of the KMP for the Company or, if the Company is part of a 
consolidated entity, for the entity. 
Voting intention of the Chair 
Shareholders should be aware that any undirected proxies given to the Chair will be cast by 
the Chair and counted in favour of Resolution 1, subject to compliance with the Corporations 
Act.  In exceptional circumstances, the Chair may change his/her voting intention on any 
Resolution, in which case an ASX announcement will be made.  Further details, in relation to 
the ability of the Chair to vote on undirected proxies are set out in the accompan ying proxy 
form.
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 5 of 18 
2. Re-election of Neil Herbert as a Director  
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an 
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That Neil Herbert, who retires in accordance with Rule 40.1(c) of the Company’s Constitution 
and, being eligible, offers himself for re-election, be re-elected as a Non-Executive Director of 
the Company.” 
3. Re-election of Christelle van der Merwe as a Director  
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an 
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That Christelle van der Merwe, who retires in accordance with Rule 40.1(c) of the Company’s 
Constitution and, being eligible, offers herself for re-election, be re-elected as an Executive 
Director of the Company.” 
4. Authority to issue shares for cash 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Ordinary Resolution, with or without 
amendment: 
“That the Directors be authorised pursuant to Rule 6.3 of the Company’s Constitution to allot 
and issue Equity Securities for cash as if Rule 6.1 did not apply to any such allotment provided 
that this authority shall be limited to the allotment and issue of up to a maximum of 15% of the 
issued share capital of the Company as at the date of the Meeting, with such authority to be 
valid from the date of approval until the date of the Company’s next Annual General Meeting.” 
5. Authority to issue shares for non-cash consideration purposes 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an 
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That the Directors be authorised pursuant to Rule 6.2(a) of the Company’s Constitution to allot 
and issue Equity Securities up to a maximum of 15% of the issued share capital of the 
Company as at the date of the Meeting, to be used for non-cash consideration purposes. Such 
authority to be valid from the date of approval until the date of the Company’s next Annual 
General Meeting.” 
Special business 
6. Approval to issue an additional 10% of the issued capital of the Company over a 
12 month period pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Special Resolution, as a Special Resolution 
of the Company: 
“That, pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.1A, and for all other purposes, the 
Shareholders approve the issue of Equity Securities of up to 10% of the issued capital of the 
Company (at the time of issue) calculated in accordance with the formula prescribed in Listing 
Rule 7.1A.2, over a 12 month period from the date of the Meeting, at a price not less than that 
determined pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A.3 and otherwise on the terms and conditions in the 
Explanatory Memorandum (Additional Placement Securities).”
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 6 of 18 
Voting exclusion statement for Resolution 6 
 
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of this Resolution 6 by or on behalf of: 
• any person who is expected to participate in, or who will obtain a material benefit as 
a result of the proposed issue (except a benefit solely by reason of being a holder of 
Shares if this Resolution is passed); or 
• an Associate of that person or those persons. 
 
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of this Resolution 6 by: 
• a person as a proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the 
Resolution, in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on 
the Resolution in that way; or 
• the Chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on 
the Resolution, in accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the 
Resolution as the Chair decides; or 
• a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on 
behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: 
o the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the 
beneficiary is not excluded from voting, and is not an Associate of a person 
excluded from voting, on the Resolution; and 
o the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by 
the beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
 
General business 
To consider any other business as may be lawfully put forward in accordance with the Constitution of 
the Company. 
By order of the Board 
 
Amanda Harsas 
Finance Director and Company Secretary 
28 October 2025
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 7 of 18 
1. Introduction 
This Explanatory Memorandum is provided to Shareholders of Atlantic Lithium Limited ACN 
127 215 132 (Company) to explain the Resolutions to be put to Shareholders at the AGM to 
be held online only by https://meetnow.global/M4RU2LP on Thursday, 27 November 2025 at 
7.00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time). 
The Directors recommend Shareholders read the accompanying Notice of Meeting and this 
Explanatory Memorandum in full before making any decision in relation to the Resolutions.  
Terms used in this Explanatory Memorandum are defined in section 101. 
2. Consider the Company’s Annual Report 
The Company’s Annual Report comprising the Directors’ Report and Auditors’ Report, 
Directors’ Declaration, Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated 
Statement of Financial Position, Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows and notes to and forming part of the financial statements for the 
Company and its controlled entities for the financial year ended 30 June 2025 was released to 
the ASX Limited on 11 September 2025 and subsequently dispatched to Shareholders as 
required. 
Shareholders can access a copy of the Company’s Annual Report at 
https://www.atlanticlithium.com.au/reports-presentations. The Company will not provide a hard 
copy of the Company’s Annual Report to Shareholders unless specifically requested to do so. 
The Company’s Annual Report is placed before the Shareholders for discussion.  No voting is 
required for this item. 
3. Resolution 1 - Remuneration Report  
3.1 Remuneration Report 
The Board has distributed its Remuneration Report to Shareholders for consideration and 
adoption by way of a non-binding Advisory Resolution in accordance with section 250R of the 
Corporations Act. 
The Remuneration Report is set out in the Directors’ Report section of the Annual Report.  The 
Report, amongst other things: 
(a) explains the Board’s policy for determining the nature and amount of remuneration of 
Key Management Personnel of the consolidated entity; 
(b) explains the relationship between the Board’s remuneration policy and the Company’s 
performance; 
(c) sets out remuneration details for each Key Management Personnel of the consolidated 
entity including details of performance related remuneration and any options or other 
securities granted as part of remuneration; and 
(d) details and explains any performance conditions applicable to the remuneration of Key 
Management Personnel of the Company. 
The Board believes the Company’s remuneration policies and structures as outlined in the 
Remuneration Report are appropriate relative to the size of the Company, its business and 
strategic objectives and current and emerging market practices. 
A reasonable opportunity will be provided for discussion of the Remuneration Report at the 
Meeting. 
The Directors abstain, in the interests of corporate governance, from making a 
recommendation in relation to this Resolution.  In accordance with the Corporations Act, a vote 
on this Resolution is advisory only and does not bind the Directors or the Compan y.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 8 of 18 
There are restrictions on members of the Key Management Personnel and their Closely 
Related Parties and their proxies voting (in any capacity) on Resolution 1, details of which are 
set out in the voting restriction statement included in Resolution 1 of the Notice of Meeting. 
Shareholders should be aware that any undirected proxies given to the Chair will be cast by 
the Chair and counted in favour of Resolution 1 subject to compliance with the Corporations 
Act.  In exceptional circumstances, the Chair may change his/her voting intention on any 
Resolution, in which case an ASX announcement will be made. 
4. Resolution 2 - Re-election of Neil Herbert as a Director  
Neil Herbert retires in accordance with Rule 40.1(c) of the Company’s Constitution (which 
provides that at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time being must retire excluding 
any Director already required to submit for election or re-election under Rule 40 and any 
Managing Director).  Being eligible, Mr Herbert offers himself for re-election as a Non-
Executive Director. 
Mr Herbert is chair of the Board and is also a member of the Company’s Audit & Risk 
Committee and is a member of the Company’s Nomination & Remuneration Committee. 
Mr Herbert is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants with over 30 years 
of experience in finance. Further, Mr Herbert has over 25 years of experience growing and 
developing mining, oil and gas companies both as an executive and as an investment 
manager.  
Until May 2013, Mr Herbert was co-chairman and managing director of an AIM-listed natural 
resources investment company called Polo Resources Limited. Prior to this, he was a director 
of a resource investment company called Galahad Gold plc. During his time at Galahad Gold 
plc, Mr Herbert acted as the finance director of the company’s most successful investment, 
which was in a start-up uranium company called UraMin Inc. from 2005 to 2007, during which 
Mr Herbert worked to float UraMin Inc on AIM and the Toronto Stock Exchange, and 
successfully raised US$400 million in equity financing and subsequently negotiated the sale of 
the group for US$2.5 billion. 
Mr Herbert has also held board positions at several other resource companies where he was 
involved in managing numerous acquisitions, disposals, stock market listings and fundraisings. 
Mr Herbert holds a joint honours degree in economics and economic history from the 
University of Leicester. Mr Herbert also serves as a director of Pulsar Helium Inc (appointed 17 
November 2022) which is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX). 
The Board (with Neil Herbert abstaining) unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of 
this Ordinary Resolution. 
5. Resolution 3 - Re-election of Christelle van der Merwe  as a Director  
Christelle van der Merwe retires in accordance with Rule 40.1(c) of the Company’s 
Constitution (which provides that at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time being 
must retire excluding any Director already required to submit for election or re-election under 
Rule 40 and any Managing Director).  Being eligible, Ms van der Merwe offers herself for re-
election as an Executive Director. 
Ms van der Merwe is a Senior Manager in the Growth & Strategic Development team at 
Assore.  She has been a geologist for Assore since 2013 and is involved with strategic and 
resource investment decisions of the company. Ms van der Merwe is a member of SACNASP, 
the GSSA and AUSIMM.  
The Board (with Christelle van der Merwe abstaining) unanimously recommends that you vote 
in favour of this Ordinary Resolution.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 9 of 18 
6. Resolution 4 - Authority to issue shares for cash 
Under Rule 6.1 of the Company’s Constitution, prior to issuing Equity Securities (meaning 
shares (including preference shares), stock, stock units and rights or options to subscribe for 
any of the foregoing) the Company is required to make an offer of Equity Securities first to 
Shareholders pro rata to their existing holdings. Rule 6.3 then allows the Company to resolve, 
by Ordinary Resolution, that the Directors are authorised to issue and allot Equity Securities 
for up to 15% of the Company’s issued share capital for cash as if the pre-emption rights did 
not apply (a Disapplication Resolution).  
It is the Company’s view that it can raise capital in a cost efficient and timely manner by 
carrying out a private placement of its shares instead of an offer of Equity Securities to all 
existing Shareholders where the costs of compliance with relevant securities laws would be 
much greater.  
Accordingly, Resolution 4 seeks Shareholder approval under Rule 6.3 of the Company’s 
Constitution to authorise the Directors to issue up to 15% of the Company’s issued share 
capital at the time of the Meeting, as if the pre-emption rights in Rule 6.1 of the Company’s 
Constitution did not apply. By way of example and using the issued share capital of the 
Company at the date of this Notice of Meeting, approval to issue 15% of the Company’s capital 
pursuant to this Resolution would represent 107,866,219 shares.  
The Directors will be authorised to issue Equity Securities for cash without first offering them to 
all Shareholders of the Company on a pro rata basis which is equal to 15% of the Company’s 
issued share capital as at the date the Resolution is approved.  
An authority given under this Resolution will expire at the earlier of the conclusion of the next 
AGM, or the date twelve (12) months from the date of the Resolution or revocation of the 
authority by the Company.  
For completeness, the Company notes that Resolution 4 is not authorising a specific issue of 
shares for the purposes of Listing Rule 7.1 and any future issue of shares will be required to 
be issued in accordance with the Listing Rules, including without limitation Listing Rule 7.1. 
The Board strongly supports this Resolution and unanimously recommends all shareholders 
vote in favour. 
7. Resolution 5 - Authority to issue shares for non-cash consideration purposes  
Resolution 5 seeks shareholder approval for the purposes of Rule 6.2(a) of the Company’s 
Constitution to specifically authorise the Directors to issue and allot up to a maximum of 15% 
of the Company’s Issued Share Capital (at the time of the Meeting) to be used at the discretion 
of the Board as consideration to key suppliers for services rendered and / or capital 
expenditure (eg. project-related equity) for the period through to the Company’s next AGM, in 
order to assist with the preservation of the Company’s treasury.  
Under Rule 6.1 of the Constitution, the Company is required to make an offer of Equity 
Securities first to existing Shareholders pro rata to their existing holdings (the “Pre-emption 
Rights”). Rule 6.2(a) enables the issue of Equity Securities which are wholly paid up otherwise 
than in cash free of such Pre-emption Rights where this is approved by an Ordinary Resolution 
of the Company’s Shareholders. By way of example and using the issued share capital of the 
Company at the date of this Notice of Meeting, approval to issue 15% of the Company’s capital 
pursuant to this Resolution would represent 107,866,219 shares.  
For completeness, the Company notes that Resolution 5 is not authorising a specific issue of 
shares for the purposes of Listing Rule 7.1 and any future issue of shares will be required to 
be issued in accordance with the Listing Rules, including without limitation Listing Rule 7.1.  
The Board strongly supports this Resolution and unanimously recommends all shareholders 
vote in favour.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 10 of 18 
8. Resolution 6 – Approval to issue an additional 10% of the issued capital of the 
Company over a 12 month period pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A 
8.1 Introduction 
Pursuant to Resolution 6, the Company is seeking Shareholder approval to issue an additional 
10% of issued capital over a 12 month period pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A.  If passed, this 
Resolution will allow the Company to allot and issue up to the number of new Equity Securities  
calculated in accordance with Listing Rule 7.1A.2 (Additional Placement Securities) each at 
an issue price of at least 75% of the volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the 
Company’s Equity Securities in that class (calculated over the last 15 Trading Days on which 
trades in the Equity Securities are recorded immediately before the date on which the price at 
which the Additional Placement Securities are to be issued is agreed, or if the Additional 
Placement Securities are not issued within ten Trading Days of that date, the date on which 
the Additional Placement Securities are issued) (Issue Price). 
This approval is sought pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1A.  Under Listing Rule 7.1A small and 
mid-cap listed entities that meet the eligibility threshold and have obtained the approval of their 
ordinary shareholders by Special Resolution at the AGM, are permitted to issue an additional 
10% of issued capital over a 12 month period from the date of the AGM (Additional 10% 
Placement).  The Additional 10% Placement under Listing Rule 7.1A is in addition to the ability 
of the Company to issue 15% of its issued capital without Shareholder approval over a 
12 month period pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1.   
The Company may issue the Additional Placement Securities to raise funds for the Company.  
Funds raised from the issue of Additional Placement Securities, if undertaken, would be 
applied towards acceleration of exploration and development of the Company’s projects. The 
funds will also be used towards general working capital requirements and corporate costs .  
The Directors of the Company unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of 
Resolution 6. 
8.2 Listing Rule 7.1A 
(a) General 
(1) Eligibility 
An entity is eligible to undertake an Additional 10% Placement if at the time of 
its AGM it has a market capitalisation of $300 million or less and it is not 
included in the S&P/ASX300 Index. 
The Company has a market capitalisation of less than $300 million and is not 
included in the S&P/ASX300 Index and is therefore an “Eligible Entity” and able 
to undertake an Additional 10% Placement under Listing Rule 7.1A. 
In the event that the Company for any reason ceases to be an Eligible Entity 
after the Company has already obtained Shareholders’ approval pursuant to 
this Resolution 6, the approval obtained will not lapse and the Company will still 
be entitled to issue the Additional Placement Securities. 
(2) Special Resolution 
Listing Rule 7.1A requires this Resolution 6 to be passed as a Special 
Resolution, which means that it must be passed by at least 75% of the votes 
cast by members entitled to vote on the Resolution.  Pursuant to Listing 
Rule 7.1A, no Additional Placement Securities will be issued until and unless 
this Special Resolution is passed at the meeting. 
(3) Shareholder approval 
The ability to issue the Additional Placement Securities is conditional upon the 
Company obtaining Shareholder approval by way of a Special Resolution at the 
Meeting.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 11 of 18 
(b) Additional 10% Placement period - Listing Rule 7.1A.1 
Assuming Resolution 6 is passed, shareholder approval of the Additional 10% 
Placement under Listing Rule 7.1A is valid from the date of the AGM and expires on 
the earlier to occur of: 
(1) the date that is 12 months after the date of the AGM; 
(2) the time and date of the Company’s next AGM; or 
(3) the time and date of the approval by Shareholders of a transaction under 
Listing Rule 11.1.2 (a significant change to the nature or scale of activities) or 
Listing Rule 11.2 (disposal of main undertaking). 
If approval is given for the issue of the Additional Placement Securities then the 
approval will expire on 27 November 2026 unless the Company holds its next AGM or 
shareholder approval is granted pursuant to Listing Rule 11.1.2 or Listing Rule 11.2 
prior to that date. 
(c) Calculation for Additional 10% Placement - Listing Rule 7.1A.2 
Listing Rule 7.1A.2 provides that Eligible Entities which have obtained shareholder 
approval at an AGM may issue or agree to issue, during the period of the approval, a 
number of Equity Securities calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
(A x D) - E 
Where: 
A is the number of fully paid ordinary securities on issue at the commencement of the 
12 month period immediately preceding the date of issue or agreement (relevant 
period): 
(1) plus the number of fully paid ordinary securities issued in the relevant period 
under an exception in Listing Rule 7.2 other than exception 9, 16 or 17; 
(2) plus the number of fully paid ordinary securities issued in the relevant period on 
the conversion of convertible securities within Listing Rule 7.2 exception 9 
where: 
(A) the convertible securities were issued or agreed to be issued before the 
commencement of the relevant period; or 
(B) the issue of, or agreement to issue, the convertible securities was 
approved, or taken under the Listing Rules to have been approved, 
under Listing Rule 7.1 or Listing Rule 7.4; 
(3) plus the number of fully paid ordinary securities issued in the relevant period 
under an agreement to issue securities under Listing Rule 7.2 exception 16 
where: 
(A) the agreement was entered into before the commencement of the 
relevant period; or 
(B) the agreement or issue was approved, or taken under the Listing Rules 
to have been approved, under Listing Rule 7.1 or Listing Rule 7.4; 
(4) plus the number of any other fully paid ordinary shares issued in the relevant 
period with approval under Listing Rule 7.1 or Listing Rule 7.4; 
(5) plus the number of partly paid ordinary securities that became fully paid in the 
relevant period; 
(6) less the number of fully paid ordinary securities cancelled in the relevant 
period. 
D is 10%. 
E is the number of Equity Securities issued or agreed to be issued under Listing 
Rule 7.1A.2 in the relevant period where the issue or agreement has not been 
subsequently approved by the shareholders under Listing Rule 7.4.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 12 of 18 
(d) Listing Rule 7.1A.3 
(1) Equity Securities 
Any Equity Securities issued under the Additional 10% Placement must be in 
the same class as an existing quoted class of Equity Securities of the Company 
and issued for cash consideration. 
As at the date of this Notice of Meeting, the class of Equity Securities in the 
Company quoted on the ASX is fully paid ordinary shares.  The Company 
presently has 719,108,127 Shares on issue at the date of this Notice of 
Meeting. 
(2) Minimum issue price 
The issue price for the Additional Placement Securities issued under Listing 
Rule 7.1A must be not less than 75% of the VWAP of Equity Securities in the 
same class calculated over the 15 Trading Days immediately before: 
(A) the date on which the price at which the relevant Additional Placement 
Securities are to be issued is agreed by the Company and the recipient 
of the Additional Placement Securities; or 
(B) if the relevant Additional Placement Securities are not issued within ten 
Trading Days of the date in paragraph 11.2(d)(2)(A) above, the date on 
which the relevant Additional Placement Securities are issued. 
(e) Information to be given to ASX - Listing Rule 7.1A.4 
If Resolution 6 is passed and the Company issues any Additional Placement Securities 
under Listing Rule 7.1A, the Company must: 
(1) state in its announcement of the issue or in its application for quotation of the 
Additional Placement Securities that they are being issued under Listing 
Rule 7.1A; and 
(2) give to the ASX immediately after the issue a list of allottees of the Additional 
Placement Securities and the number of Additional Placement Securities 
allotted to each (this list will not be released to the market). 
(f) Listing Rule 7.1 and Listing Rule 7.1A 
The ability of an entity to issue Equity Securities under Listing Rule 7.1A is in addition 
to the entity’s 15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1. 
At the date of this Notice of Meeting, the Company has on issue 719,108,127 Shares.  
The Company will have the capacity to issue the following Shares on the date of the 
Meeting: 
(1) 107,866,219 Shares under Listing Rule 7.1; and 
(2) subject to Shareholder approval being obtained under Resolution 6, 
71,910,812 Shares under Listing Rule 7.1A. 
The actual number of Equity Securities that the Company will have the capacity to 
issue under Listing Rule 7.1A will be calculated at the date of issue of the Equity 
Securities in accordance with the formula prescribed in Listing Rule 7.1A.2 (as 
described above). 
This Resolution 6 also seeks shareholder approval for the avoidance of any doubt to 
allow the Directors pursuant to Rule 6.3 of the Constitution to allot and issue any 
Additional Placement Securities under Listing Rule 7.1A for cash as if Rule 6.1 did not 
apply to any such allotment, provided that this authority shall be limited to the allotment 
of a maximum of 71,910,812 Shares under Listing Rule 7.1A.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 13 of 18 
8.3 Specific information required by Listing Rule 7.3A 
(a) The period for which the approval will be valid - Listing Rule 7.3A.1 
As required by Listing Rule 7.3A.3, the Company will only issue and allot the Additional 
Placement Securities during the approval period.  The approval period under 
Resolution 6 for the issue of the Additional Placement Securities runs from the date of 
the Meeting and will expire on the earlier of the date that is 12 months after the date of 
the Meeting, the date of the Company’s next AGM or the date that Shareholders 
approve a transaction under Listing Rule 11.1.2 (a significant change to the nature or 
scale of activities of the Company) or Listing Rule 11.2 (the disposal of the main 
undertaking of the Company. 
(b) Minimum price of securities issued under Listing Rule 7.1A - Listing Rule 7.3A.2 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.1A.3, the Additional Placement 
Securities issued pursuant to approval under Listing Rule 7.1A must be issued for cash 
consideration and have an issue price of not less than 75% of the VWAP for the Equity 
Securities over the 15 Trading Days on which trades in that class were recorded 
immediately before: 
(1) the date on which the price at which the Additional Placement Securities are to 
be issued is agreed; or 
(2) if the Additional Placement Securities are not issued within ten Trading Days of 
the date in paragraph 13.3(b)(1) above, the date on which the Additional 
Placement Securities are issued. 
The Company will disclose to the ASX the issue price on the date of issue of the 
Additional Placement Securities. 
(c) Purpose - Listing Rule 7.3A.3 
As noted above, the purpose for which the Additional Placement Securities may be 
issued include to raise funds for the Company.  Funds raised from the issue of 
Additional Placement Securities, if undertaken, would be applied towards acceleration 
of exploration and development of the Company’s projects. The funds will also be used 
towards general working capital requirements and corporate costs . 
(d) Risk of economic and voting dilution - Listing Rule 7.3A.4 
As provided by Listing Rule 7.3A.2, if Resolution 6 is passed and the Company issues 
the Additional Placement Securities, there is a risk of economic and voting dilution to 
the existing Shareholders.  The Company currently has on issue 719,108,127 Shares. 
The Company could issue 179,777,031 Shares under Listing Rules 7.1 and 7.1A on 
the date of the Meeting if Resolution 6 is passed (however, it is important to note that 
the exact number of Equity Securities which may be issued will be calculated in 
accordance with the formula contained in Listing Rule 7.1A.2 details of which are set 
out above).  Any issue of Additional Placement Securities will have a dilutive effect on 
existing shareholders. 
There is a specific risk that: 
(1) the Market Price for the Company’s Equity Securities may be significantly lower 
on the date of the issue of any Additional Placement Securities than it is on the 
date of the Meeting; and 
(2) the Additional Placement Securities may be issued at a price that is at a 
discount to the Market Price for the Company’s Equity Securities on the issue 
date, 
which may have an effect on the amount of funds raised by the issue or the value of 
the Additional Placement Securities. 
As required by Listing Rule 7.3A.4, Table 1 below shows the potential economic and 
voting dilution effect, in circumstances where the issued share capital has doubled and 
the Market Price of the shares has halved.  Table 1 also shows additional scenarios in 
which the issued share capital has increased (by both 50% and 100%) and the Market 
Price of the shares has:
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 14 of 18 
(1) decreased by 50%; and 
(2) increased by 100%. 
 
Issued Share 
capital 
50% decrease in Market 
Price 
$0.10 
Current Market Price 
$0.20 
100% increase in Market 
Price 
$0.40 
10% Voting 
Dilution 
Capital 
Raised 
10% Voting 
Dilution 
Capital 
Raised 
10% Voting 
Dilution 
Capital 
Raised 
Present issued 
Share capital = 
719,108,127 
Shares 
71,910,812  $7,191,081 71,910,812  $14,382,162 71,910,812  $14,382,162 
50% Increase 
in Share 
capital =  
1,078,662,190
Shares 
107,866,219  $10,786,622 107,866,219 $21,573,244 107,866,219 $43,146,488 
100% Increase 
in Share 
capital = 
1,438,216,254 
Shares 
143,821,625  $14,382,163 143,821,625 $28,764,325 143,821,625 $57,528,650 
 
Assumptions and explanations 
(1) The Market Price is $0.20 based on the closing price of the Shares on ASX on 
22 October 2025.  
(2) The above table only shows the dilutionary effect based on the issue of the 
Additional Placement Securities (assuming only Shares are issued), and not 
any Shares issued under the 15% under Listing Rule 7.1. 
(3) The 10% voting dilution reflects the aggregate percentage dilution against the 
issued share capital at the time of issue. 
(4) The Company issues the maximum number of Additional Placement Securities. 
(5) The issued Share capital has been calculated in accordance with the formula in 
Listing Rule 7.1A(2) as at 22 October 2025. 
(6) The issue price of the Additional Placement Securities used in the table is the 
same as the Market Price and does not take into account the discount to the 
Market Price (if any). 
(e) Company’s allocation policy - Listing Rule 7.3A.5 
The Company’s allocation policy is dependent on the prevailing market conditions at 
the time of any proposed issue of the Additional Placement Securities.  The identity of 
the allottees of Additional Placement Securities will be determined on a case-by-case 
basis having regard to a number of factors including but not limited to the following:  
(1) the methods of raising funds that are available to the Company including, but 
not limited to, rights issue or other issue in which existing shareholders can 
participate; 
(2) the effect of the issue of the Additional Placement Securities on the control of 
the Company; 
(3) the financial situation and solvency of the Company; and 
(4) advice from corporate, financial and broking advisers (if applicable).
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 15 of 18 
The allottees of the Additional Placement Securities have not been determined as at 
the date of this Notice but may include existing substantial Shareholders and new 
Shareholders who are not related parties or Associates of a related party of the 
Company. 
(f) Previous issues under Listing Rule 7.1A.2 - Listing Rule 7.3A.6 
The Company has not issued or agreed to issue any Equity Securities under Listing 
Rule 7.1A.2 in the 12 months preceding the date of meeting.  
8.4 Voting exclusion statement 
A voting exclusion statement is included in the Notice of Meeting.  At the date of the Notice of 
Meeting, the proposed allottees of any Additional Placement Securities are not as yet known or 
identified.  In these circumstances (and in accordance with the note set out in Listing 
Rule 14.11.1 relating to Listing Rule 7.1 and Listing Rule 7.1A), for a person’s vote to be 
excluded, it must be known that that person will participate in the proposed issue.  Where it is 
not known who will participate in the proposed issue (as is the case in respect of the Additional 
Placement Securities), Shareholders must consider the proposal on the basis that they may or 
may not get a benefit and that it is possible that their holding will be diluted and there is no 
reason to exclude their votes. 
8.5 Directors’ recommendation 
The Board unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of this Special Resolution. 
 
9. Voting entitlement  
For the purposes of determining voting entitlements at the Meeting, in accordance with 
Regulation 7.11.37 of the Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth), Shares will be taken to be held 
by the persons who are registered as holding the Shares at 7pm (Sydney time) on Tuesday, 25 
November 2025.  Accordingly, transactions registered after that time will be disregarded in 
determining entitlements to attend and vote at the Meeting. 
10. Interpretation  
Advisory Resolution means a Resolution which, the result of voting by Shareholders, does 
not bind the Company. 
AGM means annual general meeting.  
Annual Report means the annual report for the Company released to the ASX on 11 
September 2025.  
Associate has the meaning given to that term in the Corporations Act. 
ASX means ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 or the Australian Securities Exchange (as 
applicable). 
Board means the board of directors of the Company. 
Chair means the person who chairs the Meeting.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 16 of 18 
Closely Related Party (as defined in the Corporations Act) of a member of the Key 
Management Personnel for an entity means: 
(a) a spouse or child of the member; 
(b) a child of the member’s spouse; 
(c) a dependant of the member or the member’s spouse; 
(d) anyone else who is one of the member’s family and may be expected to influence the 
member, or be influenced by the member, in the member’s dealings with the entity; 
(e) a company the member controls; or 
(f) a person prescribed by the regulations for the purposes of this definition. 
Company means Atlantic Lithium Limited ACN 127 215 132. 
Constitution means the constitution of the Company from time to time. 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended, varied or replaced 
from time to time. 
Director means a director of the Company. 
Equity Securities has the meaning given to that term in the Listing Rules. 
Explanatory Memorandum means this explanatory memorandum accompanying the Notice 
of Meeting. 
Group means the Company and its subsidiaries.  
Key Management Personnel or KMP has the definition given in Accounting Standards 
AASB 124 Related Party Disclosure as those persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly and indirectly, including 
any director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. 
Listing Rule means the official listing rules of the ASX as amended from time to time. 
Meeting means the annual general meeting to be held online only by 
https://meetnow.global/M4RU2LP on Thursday, 27 November 2025 at 7.00pm (Perth time) / 
8.00am (London time). 
Notice of Meeting or Notice means the notice of meeting giving notice to Shareholders of the 
Meeting, accompanying this Explanatory Memorandum. 
Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by more than 50% of the votes cast at a 
general meeting of shareholders. 
Related Party has the meaning in section 228 of the Corporations Act. 
Remuneration Report means the remuneration report as contained in the annual Directors 
Report of the Company for the financial year ending 30 June 2024. 
Resolution means a resolution as set out in the Notice of Meeting. 
Securities has the meaning in section 92(1) of the Corporations Act. 
Share means an ordinary fully paid share in the issued capital of the Company. 
Shareholder means a holder of Shares in the Company.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of AGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 17 of 18 
Special Resolution means a resolution: 
(a) of which notice has been given as set out in paragraph 249L(1)(c) of the Corporations 
Act; and 
(b) that has been passed by at least 75% of the votes cast by members entitled to vote on 
the resolution. 
Trading Day has the meaning given to that term in the Listing Rules.  
VWAP means the volume weighted average closing price on the ASX. 
 
Any inquiries in relation to the Resolutions or the Explanatory Memorandum should be directed to  the 
Company Secretary at info@atlanticlithium.com.au.
MR A SAMPLE
< DESIGNATION>
SAMPLE STREET
SAMPLE TOWN
SAMPLE CITY
SAMPLE COUNTY
AA11 1AA
Atlantic Lithium Limited
Holder Reference Number
C0000000000

Form of Instruction - Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 November 2025
Explanatory Notes:
1. Please indicate, by placing ''X'' in the appropriate space overleaf, how you wish your votes to be cast in respect of each of the Resolutions. If this form is duly signed and returned, but
without specific direction as to how you wish your votes to be cast, the form will be rejected.
2. The 'Vote Abstain' option overleaf is provided to enable you to abstain on any particular Resolution. However, it should be noted that a 'Vote Abstain' is not a vote in law and will not be
counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes 'For' and 'Against' a Resolution.
3. To give an instruction via the CREST system, CREST messages must be received by the issuer’s agent (ID number 3RA50) not later than by 21 November 2025 at 8.00 am (GMT). For
this purpose, the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp generated by the CREST system) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the
message. The Company may treat as invalid an appointment sent by CREST in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.
4. Any alterations made in this form should be initialled.
5. Entitlement to attend and vote at the meeting and the number of votes which may be cast thereat will be determined by reference to the Depositary Interest Register at close of business
on 21 November 2025. Changes to entries on the Depositary Interest Register after that time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote for the meeting.
To be effective, all forms of instruction must be lodged at the office of the Depositary at:
Computershare Investor Services PLC, The Pavilions, Bridgwater Rd, Bristol BS99 6ZY by 21 November 2025 at 8.00 am (GMT).
All Correspondence to:
The office of the Depositary
Computershare Investor Services PLC
 The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road,
Bristol, BS99 6ZY
To View the Notice of Meeting online visit:
https://www.atlanticlithium.com.au/gm-notices
MR A SAMPLE
< Designation>
Additional Holder 1
Additional Holder 2
Additional Holder 3
Additional Holder 4
Kindly Note: This form is issued only to the addressee(s) and is specific to the
unique designated account printed hereon. This personalised form is not
transferable between different (i) account holders; or (ii) uniquely designated
accounts. Computershare Investor Services PLC (the “Depositary”) and the
Custodian accept no liability for any instruction that does not comply with these
conditions.
-1_249960_MAIL/000001/000001/SG601/i1
*00000101010010*
000001
Form of Instruction
Please use a black  pen.    Mark with an X inside
the box as shown in this example.
I/We hereby instruct the Custodian “Computershare Clearing Pty Ltd a/c CCNL DI” to vote on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held
virtually, on 27 November 2025 at 7.00 pm (Sydney time),  and at any adjournment thereof.
Signature Date
In the case of joint holders, only one holder need sign. In the case of a
corporation, the Form of Instruction should be signed by a duly authorised
official whose capacity should be stated, or by an attorney.

C0000000000
Ordinary Resolutions For Against Abstain
1. Remuneration Report
2. Re-election of Neil Herbert as a Director
3. Re-election of Christelle van der Merwe as a Director
4. Authority to issue shares for cash
5. Authority to issue shares for non-cash consideration purposes
Special Resolution
6. Approval to issue an additional 10% of the issued capital of the Company over a 12 month period pursuant to Listing Rule
7.1A
509H 81 RRI