Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting 
and Explanatory Memorandum 
 
Atlantic Lithium Limited ACN 127 215 132 
Date of Meeting: Thursday, 6 November 2025 
Time of Meeting: 7.00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time) 
Place of Meeting:  By virtual meeting facility  
If you are unable to attend the Meeting, please complete the proxy form enclosed and return it in 
accordance with the instructions set out on that form.
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 2 of 22 
Notes  
Notice is given that the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of Shareholders of Atlantic Lithium 
Limited ACN 127 215 132 (Company) will be held online only by virtual meeting facility on Thursday, 6 
November 2025 at 7.00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time). 
The EGM will be made accessible to shareholders via an online platform, hosted by Computershare, 
that will include the ability for shareholders to ask questions in relation to the business of the meeting 
and to vote in real time at the meeting.  These processes are set out in this notice of meeting (Notice). 
The Company encourages shareholders to participate in the EGM via the online platform.  Whilst 
shareholders will be able to vote online during the meeting via the Computershare platform, 
shareholders are encouraged to lodge a proxy ahead of the meeting even if they are participating 
online.  If you are unable to attend the virtual meeting please lodge your vote online at 
www.investorvote.com.au. 
The Company also invites shareholders to submit questions in advance of the EGM.  Questions may 
be submitted by email to info@atlanticlithium.com.au or by submitting an online question when voting 
online at www.investorvote.com.au. 
How to participate in the EGM online 
Shareholders may participate in the EGM via the online platform from their computer, smartphone or 
tablet by entering https://meetnow.global/MWQAZFN into their browser. The online platform will allow 
shareholders to view the meeting presentation, vote and ask questions in real -time. Further 
information regarding the online platform (including how to participate, vote and ask questions during 
the meeting) is set out in the online meeting guide which is attached to this Notice.  We look forward to 
engaging with our shareholders virtually and hope that you will participate in the virtual meeting.  
Voting Entitlements  
All Resolutions shall be conducted by poll. 
For the purposes of determining voting entitlements at the EGM, Shares will be taken to be held by the 
persons who are registered as holding at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on Tuesday, 4 November 2025. 
Accordingly, transactions registered after that time will be disregarded in determining entitlements to 
attend and vote at the EGM. 
Voting by proxy 
If you are unable to attend the EGM, you are encouraged to complete and return the proxy form 
accompanying this Notice in accordance with the instructions set out in the proxy form. You can lodge 
your completed proxy form with the Company’s Share Registry manager, Computershare by:  
(a) mailing it to Computershare using the reply paid envelope;  
(b) posting it to GPO Box 242, Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia;  
(c) lodging it online at Computershare’s website investorvote.com.au by using the 
information provided on your accompanying proxy form;  
(d) faxing it to 1800 783 447 (within Australia) or +61 3 9473 2555 (outside Australia); or  
(e) Intermediary Online subscribers (Institutions/Custodians) may lodge their proxy 
instruction online by visiting: intermediaryonline.com.  
The completed proxy form must be received by Computershare no later than at 7.00pm (Sydney time) 
on Tuesday, 4 November 2025 (being not later than 48 hours before the commencement of the 
Meeting). Any proxy form received after that time will not be valid for the scheduled Meeting.
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 3 of 22 
In accordance with section 249L of the Corporations Act, Shareholders are advised that:  
(a) each Shareholder has a right to appoint a proxy; 
(b) the proxy need not be a Shareholder of the Company; and 
(c) A Shareholder who is entitled to cast two (2) or more votes may appoint two (2) proxies 
and may specify the proportion or number of votes each proxy is appointment to 
exercise.  If the member appoints two (2) proxies and the appointment does not specify 
the proportion or number of the member’s votes, then in accordance with section 
249X(3) of the Corporations Act, each proxy may exercise one-half of the votes.  
Shareholders and their proxies should be aware that:  
(a) if proxy holders vote, they must cast all directed proxies as directed; and  
(b) any directed proxies which are not voted will automatically default to the Chair, who 
must vote the proxies as directed.  
Voting online at the Meeting 
The Company is pleased to provide Shareholders with the opportunity to attend and participate in the 
Meeting through a fully virtual platform, where Shareholders will be able to watch, listen, ask 
questions, and vote online in real time. 
The virtual online EGM will take place at 7.00pm (Sydney time) / 8.00am (London time) on Thursday 6 
November 2025 via the online platform available at https://meetnow.global/MWQAZFN. Shareholders, 
proxies and corporate representatives are invited to view and participate in the meeting online by 
entering that address in their web browser.  
Detailed instructions on how to log into the platform and vote and ask questions are set out in the 
Online Meeting Guide attached at the back of this Notice. 
Proxyholders will need their unique username and password which may be obtained by contacting the 
Company's Share Registry on +61 3 9415 4024 during the online registration period which will open 1 
hour before the start of the meeting. 
Voting will be open until the Chair of the EGM closes the EGM. 
All resolutions will be determined by a poll. The virtual meeting platform will facilitate online voting in 
real time at the meeting. 
The results of the voting on resolutions requiring a shareholder vote at the EGM will be announced to 
ASX promptly after the meeting. 
You may still vote at the virtual Meeting even if you have appointed a proxy. If you have previously 
submitted a Proxy Form, your attendance at the Meeting will not revoke your proxy appointment 
unless you vote on a Resolution during the Meeting, in which case the proxy’s appointment is deemed 
to be revoked in respect of that Resolution. 
Voting by a corporation 
A body corporate that is a Shareholder or which has been appointed as a proxy, may appoint an 
individual to act as its representative at the Meeting. The appointment must comply with the 
requirements of section 250D of the Corporations Act. The Company will require written proof of the 
representative’s appointment which must be lodged with or presented to the Company before the 
EGM (including any authority under which it is signed, unless it has previously been given to the 
Company).
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 4 of 22 
Technical Difficulties 
Should any technical difficulties arise during the course of the EGM, the Chair of the EGM has 
discretion as to whether and how the meeting should proceed having regard to the number of 
shareholders impacted and the extent to which participation is affected.  Where the Chair considers it 
appropriate, the Chair may continue to hold the meeting and transact business, including conducting a 
poll and voting in accordance with valid proxy instructions received by the Company.  For this reason, 
shareholders are encouraged to lodge a proxy by no later than 7.00pm (Sydney time) on Tuesday, 4 
November 2025 (being not later than 48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting)  even if they 
plan to attend online.  
Other matters  
The Notice is important and should be read in its entirety. If you are in doubt as to the course of action 
you should follow, you should consult your financial adviser or other professional adviser. If you have 
any difficulties obtaining a copy of the Notice of Meeting please contact the Company’s share registry, 
Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited on 1300 850 505 (within Australia) or +61 (3) 9415 4000 
(overseas). 
Terms used in this Notice of Meeting are defined in section 9 (Interpretation) of the accompanying 
Explanatory Memorandum.
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 5 of 22 
Agenda 
 
 
Ordinary business 
1. Resolution 1 - Ratification of issue of First Placement Shares under the Share 
Placement Agreement 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an  
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That, for the purposes of Listing Rule 7.4 and for all other purposes, Shareholders ratify the 
issue of 24,786,526 Shares issued to Long State Investments Ltd.1 (or its nominee/s) under 
Listing Rule 7.1 on the terms and conditions in the Explanatory Memorandum .” 
Voting Exclusion Statement for Resolution 1 
 
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of the Resolution by or on behalf of:  
• Long State Investments Ltd. and any other person who will obtain a material benefit 
as a result of the issue of the securities (except a benefit solely by reason of being a 
holder of ordinary securities in the entity); or 
• any of their respective associates, or nominees. 
 
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of this Resolution 1 by:  
• a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, 
in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the Resolution 
in that way; or  
• the Chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on 
the Resolution, in accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the 
Resolution as the Chair decides; or  
• a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on 
behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: 
o the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary 
is not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and  
o the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by the 
beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
2. Resolution 2 - Ratification of issue of Fee Shares under the Equity Placement 
Facility Agreement 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an  
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That, for the purposes of Listing Rule 7.4 and for all other purposes, Shareholders ratify the 
issue of 1,174,288 Fee Shares issued to Long State Investments Ltd. (or its nominee/s) under 
Listing Rule 7.1 on the terms and conditions in the Explanatory Memorandum .” 
Voting Exclusion Statement for Resolution 2 
 
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of the Resolution by or on behalf of:  
• Long State Investments Ltd. and any other person who will obtain a material benefit 
as a result of the issue of the securities (except a benefit solely by reason of being a 
holder of ordinary securities in the entity); or 
• any of their respective associates, or nominees. 
 
1 By way of Long State Investments Ltd. nominated entity Patras Capital Pte Ltd
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 6 of 22 
 
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of this Resolution 2 by:  
• a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, 
in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the Resolution 
in that way; or  
• the Chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on 
the Resolution, in accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the 
Resolution as the Chair decides; or  
• a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on 
behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: 
o the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary 
is not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and  
o the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by the 
beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
3. Resolution 3 - Approval to issue Warrants under the Equity Placement Facility 
Agreement 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an  
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That, subject to the passing of each of the Conditional Resolutions, for the purposes of Listing 
Rule 7.1 and for all other purposes, Shareholders approve the issue of 10,000,000 Warrants to 
Long State Investments Ltd. (or its nominee/s) on the terms and conditions set out in the 
Explanatory Memorandum.” 
Voting Exclusion Statement for Resolution 3 
 
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of the Resolution by or on behalf of:  
• Long State Investments Ltd. and any other person who will obtain a material benefit 
as a result of the issue of the securities (except a benefit solely by reason of being a 
holder of ordinary securities in the entity); or 
• any of their respective associates, or nominees. 
 
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of this Resolution 3 by:  
• a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, 
in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the Resolution 
in that way; or  
• the Chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on 
the Resolution, in accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the 
Resolution as the Chair decides; or  
• a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on 
behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: 
o the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary 
is not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and  
o the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by the 
beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
 
Notes 
Resolutions 3 to 5 (Conditional Resolutions) are conditional upon the passing of one 
another, so that each will not have effect unless and until all others are passed.
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 7 of 22 
4. Resolution 4 - Approval to issue Security Shares under the Equity Placement 
Facility Agreement 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an 
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That, subject to the passing of each of the Conditional Resolutions, for the purposes of Listing 
Rule 7.1, Rule 6.2(a) of the Constitution and for all other purposes, Shareholders approve the 
issue of 10,000,000 Shares as Security Shares to Long State Investments Ltd. (or its 
nominee/s), on the terms and conditions set out in the Explanatory Memorandum.”  
Voting Exclusion Statement for Resolution 4 
 
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of the Resolution by or on behalf of:  
• Long State Investments Ltd. and any other person who will obtain a material benefit 
as a result of the issue of the securities (except a benefit solely by reason of being a 
holder of ordinary securities in the entity); or 
• any of their respective associates, or nominees. 
 
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of this Resolution 4 by:  
• a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, 
in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the Resolution 
in that way; or  
• the Chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on 
the Resolution, in accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the 
Resolution as the Chair decides; or  
• a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on 
behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: 
o the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary 
is not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and  
o the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by the 
beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
 
Notes 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, so that each will not have 
effect unless and until all others are passed. 
5. Resolution 5 - Approval to issue the Initial Placement Shares under the Equity 
Placement Facility Agreement 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Resolution, with or without amendment, as an  
Ordinary Resolution of the Company: 
“That, subject to the passing of each of the Conditional Resolutions, for the purposes of Listing 
Rule 7.1 and for all other purposes, Shareholders approve the issue of Shares to Long State 
Investments Ltd. (or its nominee/s), on the terms and conditions set out in the Explanatory 
Memorandum.” 
Voting Exclusion Statement for Resolution 5 
 
The Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of the Resolution by or on behalf of:  
• Long State Investments Ltd. and any other person who will obtain a material benefit 
as a result of the issue of the securities (except a benefit solely by reason of being a 
holder of ordinary securities in the entity); or
Notice of Meeting 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 8 of 22 
• any of their respective associates, or nominees. 
 
However, this does not apply to a vote cast in favour of this Resolution 5 by:  
• a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the Resolution, 
in accordance with directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the Resolution 
in that way; or  
• the Chair of the Meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on 
the Resolution, in accordance with a direction given to the Chair to vote on the 
Resolution as the Chair decides; or  
• a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on 
behalf of a beneficiary provided the following conditions are met: 
o the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary 
is not excluded from voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded 
from voting, on the Resolution; and  
o the holder votes on the Resolution in accordance with directions given by the 
beneficiary to the holder to vote in that way. 
 
Notes 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, so that each will not have 
effect unless and until all others are passed. 
Other Business 
To consider any other business as may be lawfully put forward in accordance with the 
Constitution of the Company.  
By order of the Board 
 
 
Amanda Harsas 
Finance Director and Company Secretary 
7 October 2025
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 9 of 22 
1. Introduction 
The following information is provided to Shareholders of the Company in connection with the 
business to be considered at the General Meeting of Shareholders to be held online only by 
https://meetnow.global/MWQAZFN on Thursday, 6 November 2025 at 7.00pm (Sydney time) / 
8.00am (London time). 
The Directors recommend Shareholders read the accompanying Notice of Meeting and this 
Explanatory Memorandum in full before making any decision in relation to the Resolutions.  
Unless otherwise defined, terms used in this Explanatory Memorandum are defined in section 
9. 
2. Overview of agreements with Long State 
On 3 September 2025, the Company executed the following binding financing agreements with 
Long State Investments Ltd. (Long State): 
(a) a share placement agreement to raise up to £8 million (Share Placement 
Agreement); and 
(b) a committed equity facility to raise up to £20 million through placement tranches of 
shares in the Company over the next 24 months following shareholder approval  
(Equity Placement Facility Agreement or EPF). 
The Company has completed the first placement under the Share Placement Agreement, 
through an initial placing of 24,786,526 shares that are the subject of Resolution 1 (First 
Placement).  After the First Placement, the Company, at its sole discretion, can undertake 
additional placings (Subsequent Placements), provided that the maximum aggregate amount 
of the First Placement and all Subsequent Placements shall not exceed £8 million.   
The Share Placement Agreement and Equity Placement Facility Agreement  (together, the 
Agreements) provide the Company with access to a significant pool of capital, while 
maintaining flexibility and control over the terms of the placements, over a two-year period, 
which represents a critical period for the Company as it advances the Project towards 
construction and production. 
The Agreements enable the Company to source funds if and when required during the period, 
at what the Company considers to be more attractive terms compared to other traditional 
equity financing methods, which are often associated with greater shareholder dilution.   
The Company’s largest shareholder, Assore International Holdings Limited (Assore) has 
confirmed that it intends to vote in favour of the resolutions relating to the Agreements, in the 
absence of a superior proposal.  Further detail in relation to the Agreements are set out in the 
following Explanatory Memorandum.  
3. Resolution 1 - Ratification of issue of the First Placement Shares under the 
Share Placement Agreement  
3.1 Share Placement Agreement – First Placement  
Under the First Placement of the Share Placement Agreement, the Company has issued 
24,786,526 shares to Long State (or its nominee) at an issue price of £0.080689 (A$0.16566) 
each (First Placement Price), to raise approximately £2 million (A$4,106,060)  (First 
Placement Proceeds).
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 10 of 22 
In respect of the First Placement Proceeds:  
(a) the Company has retained 50% of the First Placement Proceeds, being approximately 
£1,000,000 (A$2,053,030); and 
(b) the Company has paid the remaining 50% of the First Placement Proceeds (Swap 
Deposit) to Long State (as a deduction from the First Placement Proceeds) which will 
be subject to the swap arrangements detailed below. On the Trading Day immediately 
after the relevant “Pricing Period” (as that term is defined in the formula below) (Swap 
Payment Date): 
(1) Long State must pay the Swap Deposit to the Company;  
(2) where the Adjustment Price (defined below) is positive, Long State must pay 
the Swap Amount (defined below) to the Company; and 
(3) where the Adjustment Price is negative, then the Company must pay the Swap 
Amount to Long State. 
The Swap Amount will be calculated as follows: 
Swap Amount = A x B 
Where: 
A =  Number of Placement Shares (i.e. 24,786,526) 
B =  Adjustment Price, calculated as the difference between the “Market Price” 
(being the numeric average of 40 daily VWAPs of the Company’s shares trading on 
AIM, as nominated by Long State during the relevant “Pricing Period” (the 80-day 
trading period immediately after completion, as may be extended to exclude any days 
within the pricing period under the Equity Placement Facility Agreement), minus the 
“Benchmark Price” (being 115% of the First Placement Price). 
The Placement Shares in respect of the First Placement were issued pursuant to the 
Company’s Listing Rule 7.1 capacity. 
The process in respect of all Subsequent Placements will align with the process in respect of 
the First Placement outlined above.  Subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions 
precedent, Subsequent Placement requests can be made by the Company up to  24 months 
after the Commitment Commencement Date of the Facility (as that term is defined below).  
The Share Placement Agreement may be terminated by agreement between the Company 
and Long State at any time or by Long State in respect of an event of default or a change in 
law. 
The Share Placement Agreement contains typical investor protections such as conditions 
precedent that must be satisfied for each placement, negative covenants and representations 
and warranties. 
As conditions to the Share Placement Agreement, Long State undertakes that: 
(a) it and its affiliates will not participate in short selling of any of the Company’s securities 
over the term of the agreement. 
(b) it will not trade more than 5% of the number of placement shares per day during the 
relevant Pricing Period without prior consent from the Company. 
3.2 Listing Rules 7.1 and 7.4 
Broadly speaking, and subject to a number of exceptions, Listing Rule 7.1 limits the amount of 
Equity Securities that a listed company can issue without the approval of its shareholders over
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 11 of 22 
any 12-month period to 15% of the fully paid ordinary shares it had on issue at the start of that 
period.  
 
The issue of the First Placement Shares to Long State does not fit within any of the exceptions 
to Listing Rules 7.1 and, as they have not been approved by Shareholders, effectively uses up 
part of the Company's 15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1.  
 
This reduces the Company's capacity to issue further Equity Securities without Shareholder 
approval under Listing Rule 7.1 for the 12-month period following the issue of the Long State 
First Placement Shares. 
 
Listing Rule 7.4 provides an exception to Listing Rule 7.1. It provides that where a company in 
a general meeting ratifies the previous issue of securities made pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1 
(and provided that the previous issue did not breach Listing Rule 7.1), those securities will be 
deemed to have been made with shareholder approval for the purpose of Listing Rule 7.1.  
 
The Company confirms that Listing Rule 7.1 was not breached at the time the Long State First 
Placement Shares were agreed to be issued. 
 
3.3 Listing Rule 7.5 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.5, the following information is provided in 
relation to the ratification of the issue of the Long State First Placement Shares: 
 
(a) The Long State First Placement Shares were issued to Long State Investments Ltd by 
way of its nominated entity Patras Capital Pte Ltd (Long State) 
(b) A total of 24,786,526 Shares were issued under Listing Rule 7.1. 
(c) The First Placement Shares issued to Long State are fully paid ordinary Shares in the 
capital of the Company and rank equally in all respects with the Company's existing 
Shares on issue. 
(d) The Long State First Placement Shares were issued on or about 5 September 2025. 
(e) The Long State First Placement Shares were issued at £0.080689 (A$0.16566) each.   
As noted above, the Company has retained 50% of the First Placement Proceeds, with 
the remaining 50% the subject of the swap arrangements as noted above in section 
3.1. 
(f) The proceeds from the issue of the Long State First Placement Shares are intended to 
provide the Company with necessary funds to advance its flagship Project in Ghana 
towards production and working capital requirements.   
(g) A summary of the material terms of the Share Placement Agreement is set out above 
in section 3.1. 
(h) A voting exclusion statement is included in Resolution 1. 
3.4 Effect of Shareholder Approval  
The effect of Shareholders passing Resolution 1 will be to allow the Company to retain the 
flexibility to issue Equity Securities in the future up to the 15% placement capacity set out in 
Listing Rule 7.1, without the requirement to obtain prior Shareholder approval. 
If Resolution 1 is passed, the Long State First Placement Shares will be excluded in 
calculating the Company's 15% limit in Listing Rule 7.1, effectively increasing the number of
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 12 of 22 
Equity Securities it can issue without Shareholder approval over the 12-month period following 
the issue date. 
If Resolution 1 is not passed, the Long State First Placement Shares will continue to be 
included in the Company's 15% limit under Listing Rule 7.1, effectively decreasing the number 
of Equity Securities the Company can issue or agree to issue without obtaining prior 
Shareholder approval, to the extent of 24,786,526 Equity Securities for the 12-month period 
following the issue of those Long State First Placement Shares. 
3.5 Director’s recommendation  
The Directors recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 1.  
4. Resolution 2 - Ratification of the issue of Fee Shares to Long State under the 
Equity Placement Facility  
4.1 Summary of the Equity Placement Facility  
As noted above, the Company has entered an EPF with Long State, providing up to £20 
million in discretionary funding over 24 months to support the advancement of the Project and 
working capital. Other than an initial £500,000 placement (subject to separate approval  under 
Resolution 5), the Company is under no obligation to draw on the facility, with the timing, 
amount (generally up to £500,000 per tranche, or £5 million by mutual consent, with Long 
State able to increase each placement by up to 15%), and the nominated price (not below 
£0.06) for each placement being at the Company’s discretion.  
Shares will be issued at the higher of the Company’s nominated price and the market price 
(based on five VWAPs chosen by Long State over a 20-day pricing period). A 5% commission 
is payable on each placement. As part of the facility, the Company was required to pay Long 
State a £100,000 implementation fee, which Long State agreed to use for the immediate 
subscription of £100,000 of Shares (the subject of this Resolution 2), 10 million warrants 
exercisable over 5 years at 150% of the relevant VWAP (subject to approval under Resolution 
3), and 10 million Security Shares (subject to approval under Resolution 4). The Security 
Shares, on expiry or termination, must be transferred to the Company’s nominee, sold with 
proceeds returned to the Company, or bought back and cancelled at no cost.  
The EPF may be terminated by the Company at any time without penalty, does not restrict 
other ordinary financing, and contains customary conditions, covenants and warranties, with 
Long State also agreeing not to short sell the Company’s securities, not to trade beyond 
agreed daily and placement limits, to provide trading summaries on request, and not to hold 
more than 19.99% of the Company’s shares or trigger a mandatory takeover offer.  
4.2 Background to the Fee Shares 
As noted above, under the EPF, the Company was required to pay Long State a cash 
implementation fee of £100,000 (Implementation Fee).  Long State agreed to immediately 
apply the Implementation Fee for the issue of 1,174,188 Shares at £0.085165 (A$0.17483) per 
Share based on the adjusted VWAP on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which 
the Implementation Fee was paid (Fee Shares).     
4.3 Listing Rules 7.1 and 7.4 
A summary of Listing Rules 7.1 and 7.4 are in section 3.2 above. 
The issue of the Fee Shares does not fit within any of the exceptions to Listing Rules 7.1 and, 
as they have not been approved by Shareholders, effectively uses up part of the Company's 
15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1. 
This reduces the Company's capacity to issue further Equity Securities without Shareholder 
approval under Listing Rule 7.1 for the 12-month period following the issue of the Fee Shares. 
Listing Rule 7.4 provides an exception to Listing Rule 7.1. It provides that where a company in 
a general meeting ratifies the previous issue of securities made pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 13 of 22 
(and provided that the previous issue did not breach Listing Rule 7.1), those securities will be 
deemed to have been made with shareholder approval for the purpose of Listing Rule 7.1.  
The Company confirms that Listing Rule 7.1 was not breached at the time the Fee Shares 
were agreed to be issued. 
4.4 Listing Rule 7.5 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.5, the following information is provided in 
relation to the ratification of the issue of the Fee Shares: 
(a) The Fee Shares were issued to Long State who is not a related party of the Company. 
(b) A total of 1,174,188 Fee Shares were issued under Listing Rule 7.1. 
(c) The Fee Shares are fully paid ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company and rank 
equally in all respects with the Company's existing Shares on issue. 
(d) The Fee Shares were issued on or about 5 September 2025. 
(e) The Fee Shares were issued at £0.085165 (A$0.17483) per Share based on the 
adjusted VWAP on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which the 
Implementation Fee was paid.  
(f) The Fee Shares were issued in connection with the Implementation Fee payable under 
the EPF.  Under the EPF, the Company was required to pay Long State a £100,000 
implementation Fee, which Long State agreed to apply to the immediate subscription 
for £100,000 of Shares.  The net cash position of the Company did not change as a 
result of this issue and accordingly, no funds were raised by the issue.  
(g) A summary of the material terms of the Equity Placement Facility is set out above in 
section 4.1. 
(h) A voting exclusion statement is included in Resolution 2. 
4.5 Effect of Shareholder Approval  
The effect of Shareholders passing Resolution 2 will be to allow the Company to retain the 
flexibility to issue Equity Securities in the future up to the 15% placement capacity set out in 
Listing Rule 7.1, without the requirement to obtain prior Shareholder approval.  
If Resolution 2 is passed, the Fee Shares will be excluded in calculating the Company's 15% 
limit in Listing Rule 7.1, effectively increasing the number of Equity Securities it can issue 
without Shareholder approval over the 12-month period following the issue date. 
If Resolution 2 is not passed, the Fee Shares will continue to be included in the Company's 
15% limit under Listing Rule 7.1, effectively decreasing the number of Equity Securities the 
Company can issue or agree to issue without obtaining prior Shareholder approval, to the  
extent of 1,174,188 Equity Securities for the 12-month period following the issue of those Fee 
Shares. 
4.6 Director’s recommendation  
The Directors recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 2.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 14 of 22 
5. Resolution 3 - Approval to issue the Warrants under the Equity Placement 
Facility Agreement 
5.1 Background to the Warrants  
As part of the EPF, the Company has agreed, subject to shareholder approval, to issue 
10,000,000 warrants to Long State (or its nominee) exercisable during the 5-year period from 
the “Commitment Commencement Date” (being the date that the Company notifies Long State 
that it has obtained shareholder approval in respect of the Facility) at an Exercise Price equal 
to 150% of the numeric average of the daily VWAPs on AIM of the 5 Trading Days immediately 
prior to the Commitment Commencement Date. 
5.2 Key Terms of the Warrants under the EPF 
The key terms of the Warrants are as follows: 
(a) (Exercise Price) The Exercise Price for the Warrants will be equal to 150% of the 
numeric average of the daily VWAPs on AIM of the 5 Trading Days immediately prior to 
the Commitment Commencement Date (being the date that the Company notifies Long 
State that it has obtained shareholder approval in respect of the Facility).  
(b) (entitlement): Each Warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one fully paid ordinary 
share at the Exercise Price during the 5-year period commencing on the Commitment 
Commencement Date (the Expiry Date). 
(c) (expiry): Any Warrant not exercised by 5.00pm (GMT) on the Expiry Date will 
automatically lapse. 
(d) (exercise procedure): Warrants may be exercised by delivering a written notice of 
exercise, together with payment of the Exercise Price (unless exercised on a cashless 
basis). On valid exercise, the Company must either issue the corresponding number of 
Shares or pay the Holder the cash value of the Warrants (calculated by reference to 
VWAP of the Shares on AIM on the date of notice of exercise of the Warrants). 
(e) (cashless exercise): Holders may elect to exercise Warrants on a cashless basis, in 
which case no cash payment is required and the number of Shares issued will be 
calculated in accordance with a prescribed formula using the VWAP and Exercise 
Price as detailed below: 
The Holder may (in its sole discretion) in an Exercise Notice given under the 
EPF specify that it is exercising the Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Holder 
does so, then the Holder will not be required to pay any money to the Company 
to exercise the Warrants, and the Company must forthwith allot and issue 
Shares to the Holder in accordance with the following formula: 
N = A/B x (B – C) 
Where: 
N = number of Shares required to be allotted and issued; 
A = the number of Warrants being exercised; 
B = the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of the exercise 
notice; and 
C = the Exercise Price. 
(f) (multiple exercises): Warrants may be exercised in whole or in part on multiple 
occasions prior to expiry.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 15 of 22 
(g) (quotation and regulatory compliance): Following the issue of Shares upon exercise 
of Warrants, the Company must apply for quotation of the Shares on ASX and AIM and 
take all steps required to ensure compliance with the Corporations Act. 
(h) (transferability): Warrants are freely transferable and may be exercised by a nominee 
of the Holder. 
(i) (rights on new issues): Warrants do not carry any entitlement to participate in new 
issues of capital or dividends. 
(j) (adjustments): In the event of a reorganisation of the Company’s capital, the terms of 
the Warrants will be adjusted in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules and AIM Rules. 
In the event of a bonus issue, the number of Shares over which a Warrant is 
exercisable will be increased to reflect the entitlement the Holder would have received 
had the Warrants been exercised prior to the record date. 
5.3 Listing Rule 7.1 
As set out above, Listing Rule 7.1 limits the amount of Equity Securities that a listed company 
can issue without the approval of its shareholders over any 12-month period to 15% of the fully 
paid ordinary shares it had on issue at the start of that period.  The Warrants proposed to be 
issued under the EPF constitute Equity Securities for the purposes of the Listing Rules, as 
their exercise may result in the issue of Shares. 
Given the Company has agreed to issue the Warrants subject to Shareholder approval being 
obtained, the proposed issue falls within exception 17 of Listing Rule 7.2, which provides that 
Listing Rule 7.1 does not apply to an issue of securities which is conditional upon prior 
Shareholder approval being obtained.  If an entity relies on this exception, it must not issue the 
securities without such approval.  
Accordingly, Shareholder approval is sought under Listing Rule 7.1 to permit the issue of the 
Warrants (and any Shares issued on their exercise). 
5.4 Specific information required by Listing Rule 7.3 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.3, the following information is provided in 
relation to the proposed issue of the Warrants: 
(a) The Warrants are proposed to be issued to Long State. 
(b) A total of 10,000,000 Warrants on the terms detailed above are proposed to be issued.  
(c) The material terms of the Warrants are set out above in section 5.2. 
(d) The Warrants are proposed to be issued within 5 business days of Shareholder 
approval being obtained, and in any event, if approved will be issued within 3 months 
of the date of the EGM. 
(e) The Warrants are issued as part consideration for entry into the EPF. 
(f) No funds are intended to be raised by the issue of the Warrants as they are issued for 
nil under the EPF.  Funds may be raised upon the exercise of the Warrants in 
accordance with their terms which will be applied towards the Company’s projects and 
working capital requirements at the relevant point in time.  
(g) A summary of the material terms of the EPF are set out above in section 2 and 4.1. 
(h) The securities are not being issued under, or to fund, a reverse takeover.  
(i) A voting exclusion statement is included in Resolution 3.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 16 of 22 
5.5 Effect of Shareholder Approval  
If Resolution 3 is passed, the Company will be able to proceed with the issue of the Warrants.  
In addition, the Warrants (and any Shares issued on their exercise) will be excluded in 
calculating the Company’s 15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1. This will effectively 
increase the number of Equity Securities the Company can issue without Shareholder 
approval over the 12-month period following the issue of the Warrants. 
If Resolution 3 is not passed, the Company will not be able to proceed with the issue.  Given 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, the Company will also be 
unable to issue the Security Shares and the Initial Placement Shares.  The Company will be 
unable to draw down any further funds under the EPF and may be required to seek alternative 
funding arrangements on terms less favourable or more dilutionary.  
5.6 Constitution requirements 
Under the Company’s Constitution, pre-emptive rights would ordinarily require the Company to 
first offer new equity securities to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. However, Rule 
6.2(a) of the Company Constitution permits the issue of equity securities for non-cash 
consideration where such an issue is authorised by ordinary resolution of Shareholders.  
Accordingly, Shareholder approval is also being sought to enable the Company to issue the 
Warrants without the need to make a pre-emptive offer to existing shareholders. 
5.7 Conditional Resolution 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, so that each will not have 
effect unless and until all others are passed. 
5.8 Director’s recommendation  
The Directors recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 3.  
6. Resolution 4 - Approval to issue the Security Shares under the Equity 
Placement Facility Agreement 
6.1 Background 
As part of the EPF, the Company has agreed, subject to Shareholder approval, to issue 
10,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares to Long State (or its nominee) prior to the first placement 
under the EPF (Security Shares). The Security Shares are being issued as part of the 
consideration for Long State agreeing to provide the EPF.  Upon expiry or termination of the 
EPF, the Company may elect the manner in which the Security Shares are dealt with as is 
detailed below in section 6.2(c).  The material terms of the Security Shares are summarised 
further below. 
6.2 Key Terms of the EPF as it relates to the Security Shares  
The key terms of the EPF as it relates to the Security Shares are as follows: 
(a) (timing of issue): To be issued to Long State at least five trading days prior to the first 
placement notice under the EPF. 
(b) (compliance): The Company must apply for quotation of the Security Shares on ASX 
and AIM, and give notice under section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act (or otherwise 
ensure that an offer for sale does not require disclosure under section 707 of the 
Corporations Act). 
(c) (return mechanism): Following the end of the commitment period and the Company’s 
satisfaction of its obligations under the EPF, the Company may elect how Long State 
returns the economic benefit of the Security Shares, including: 
(1) transfer back to a Company nominee;
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 17 of 22 
(2) sale of the Security Shares on-market with proceeds (net of brokerage) 
remitted to the Company; or 
(3) buy-back and cancellation for no consideration (subject to separate 
shareholder approval). 
(a) (adjustments/offsets): The number of Security Shares may be reduced or adjusted 
where the Company is otherwise obliged to issue Shares under the EPF but does not 
do so, or where set-off arrangements apply between Long State and the Company. 
(b) (rights): Except in an event of default, Long State must use its best endeavours to 
vote and exercise rights attaching to the Security Shares in accordance with the 
Company’s instructions, and to return any income received on the same terms as the 
Security Shares. 
(c) (transferability): Long State may deal with the Security Shares, provided that any 
aggregate number disposed of must be “made good” by a corresponding number of 
Shares to which Long State is legally entitled under the EPF. 
6.3 Listing Rule 7.1 
A summary of Listing Rule 7.1 and the relevant exception in Listing Rule 7.2 is in Section 5.3 
above. 
The Company has agreed to issue the Security Shares subject to Shareholder approval being 
obtained.  
Accordingly, Shareholder approval is sought under Listing Rule 7.1 to permit the issue of the 
Security Shares.  
6.4 Specific information required by Listing Rule 7.3 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.3, the following information is provided in 
relation to the proposed issue of the Security Shares: 
(a) The Security Shares are proposed to be issued to Long State (or its nominee). 
(b) A total of 10,000,000 Security Shares on the terms detailed above are proposed to be 
issued.  
(c) The Security Shares are fully paid ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company  and 
rank equally in all respects with the Company’s existing Shares on issue.  The material 
terms of the Security Shares provided under the EPF are set out above in section 6.2. 
(1) The Security Shares are proposed to be issued, subject to Shareholder 
approval, at least 5 Trading Days prior to the issue of the first placement notice, 
and in any event, if approved will be issued within 3 months of the date of the 
EGM. 
(d) The Security Shares are issued as part consideration for the entry into the EPF. 
(e) No funds are intended to be raised by the issue of the Security Shares are as they are 
issued for nil or a nominal amount.  
(f) A summary of the material terms of the EPF are set out above in section 2 and 4.1. 
(g) The securities are not being issued under, or to fund, a reverse takeover.  
(h) A voting exclusion statement is included in Resolution 4.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 18 of 22 
6.5 Effect of Shareholder Approval 
If Resolution 4 is passed, the Company will be able to proceed with the issue of the Security 
Shares.  In addition, the Security Shares will be excluded in calculating the Company’s 15% 
placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1, effectively increasing the number of Equity 
Securities it can issue without Shareholder approval over the 12-month period following the 
issue of the Security Shares. 
If Resolution 4 is not passed, the Company will not be able to proceed with the issue.  Given 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, the Company will also be 
unable to issue the Warrants and the Initial Placement Shares.  The Company will be unable to 
draw down any further funds under the EPF and may be required to seek alternative funding 
arrangements on terms less favourable or more dilutionary. 
6.6 Constitution requirements 
Under the Company’s Constitution, pre-emptive rights would ordinarily require the Company to 
first offer new shares to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis. However, Rule 6.2(a) of the 
Company Constitution permits the issue of shares for non-cash consideration where such an 
issue is authorised by ordinary resolution of Shareholders.  Accordingly, Shareholder approval 
is also being sought to enable the Company to issue the Security Shares without the need to 
make a pre-emptive offer to existing shareholders. 
6.7 Conditional Resolution 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, so that each will not have 
effect unless and until all others are passed. 
6.8 Director’s recommendation  
The Directors recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 4.  
7. Resolution 5 - Approval to issue the Initial Placement Shares under the Equity 
Placement Facility  
7.1 Background 
As outlined in section 4.1, the Company has entered the EPF with Long State to provide the 
Company with access to up to £20 million in discretionary funding over the next 24 months.  
The first drawdown under the EPF involves the issue of up to £575,000 worth of shares (Initial 
Placement Shares) to Long State (or its nominee). Shareholder approval is required under 
ASX Listing Rule 7.1 to enable the issue of these Initial Placement Shares. Approval of this 
Resolution will allow the Company to complete the initial drawdown, providing additional 
funding to advance the Project. 
7.2 Key Terms of the Initial Placement Shares under the EPF 
The key terms of the Initial Placement Shares are as follows: 
(a) (Placement Amount): the size of the Initial Placement will be between £500,000 to 
£575,000.  The maximum amount for each Placement is £500,000 (unless otherwise 
agreed between the parties), however Long State has the right to increase any 
Placement size by up to 15% in its sole discretion (Overallotment Right) and 
accordingly, approval is sought in respect of this enlarged potential placement amount.  
The size of each Placement may also be reduced by Long State by 5% for each 
Trading Day during the Pricing Period on which the adjusted VWAP for that day is 
equal to or less than £0.06 per share or for which Shares are subject to a trading halt 
or are suspended from trading (Excluded Day Reduction).  Placement sizes may also 
be reduced under the EPF so as to ensure that the number of Placement Shares by 
themselves do not constitute a substantial holding and that Long State (together with 
its associates) will not hold voting power in the Company of more than 19.99%
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 19 of 22 
(b) (issue price): Determined in accordance with the EPF, being the higher of the 
Company’s nominated price (the Company can nominate any price at which it is willing 
to place Shares, provided that the price is not less than £0.06 per share); and the 
Market Price (the average of five daily VWAPs of the Company’s shares, selected by 
Long State over the 20-day trading period following the Placement Notice). 
(c) (commission): A fee of 5% of the relevant Placement Amount is payable to Long State 
(or its nominee) at the time of issue. 
7.3 Listing Rule 7.1 
A summary of Listing Rule 7.1 and the relevant exception in Listing Rule 7.2 is in section 5.3 
above. 
The Company has agreed to issue the Initial Placement Shares subject to Shareholder 
approval being obtained. 
Accordingly, Shareholder approval is sought under Listing Rule 7.1 to permit the issue of the 
Initial Placement Shares.  
7.4 Specific information required by Listing Rule 7.3 
Pursuant to and in accordance with Listing Rule 7.3, the following information is provided in 
relation to the proposed issue of the Initial Placement Shares: 
(a) The Initial Placement Shares are proposed to be issued to Long State. 
(b) A theoretical maximum of 9,583,334 Initial Placement Shares on the terms detailed 
above are proposed to be issued (calculated on the assumption that (i) Long State 
exercise their Overallotment Right to increase the Placement Amount to £575,000; (ii) 
such Shares are issued at the Minimum Acceptable Price of £0.06 per Share; and (iii) 
there is no Excluded Day Reduction applied).  Where any of these assumptions do not 
apply, the number of Initial Placement Shares issued will be less than the maximum 
number detailed above.   
The following table sets out three examples of the number of Initial Placement Shares 
that would be issued under different pricing scenarios (assuming no Excluded Day 
Reduction or any other form of reduction applies):  
Placement Size Placement Price Number of Placement Shares 
£575,000 £0.12 4,791,667 Shares 
£575,000 £0.08 7,187,500 Shares 
£575,000 £0.06 9,583,334 Shares 
 
(c) The Initial Placement Shares are fully paid ordinary Shares in the capital of the 
Company and rank equally in all respects with the Company’s existing Shares on 
issue.  
(d) The Initial Placement Shares are proposed to be issued, subject to Shareholder 
approval, three Trading Days after the conclusion of the Pricing Period under the EPF. 
The Pricing Period refers to the 20 consecutive Trading Days commencing on the 
Trading Day immediately after the Placement Notice Date.  The Company and Long 
State may agree to shorten the Pricing Period. In any event, if approved, the Initial 
Placement Shares will be issued within 3 months of the date of the EGM.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 20 of 22 
(e) The Initial Placement Shares will be issued for cash consideration, calculated by 
reference to the relevant Placement Amount (subject to the limits set out in the EPF 
and any adjustment upwards or downwards as the case may be).  The default 
maximum Placement Amount for the Initial Placement is £500,000.  However, Long 
State has an Overallotment Right that may increase this amount up to £575,000 as 
described above in section 7.2(a).  The Placement Amount may also be reduced by 
Long State pursuant to the Excluded Day Reduction as described above in section 
7.2(a). 
(f) A summary of the material terms of the EPF are set out above in section 2 and 4.1. 
(g) The securities are not being issued under, or to fund, a reverse takeover.  
(h) A voting exclusion statement is included in Resolution 5. 
7.5 Effect of Shareholder Approval 
If Resolution 5 is passed, the Company will be able to proceed with the issue of the Initial 
Placement Shares.  In addition, the Initial Placement Shares will be excluded in calculating the 
Company’s 15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1, effectively increasing the number 
of Equity Securities it can issue without Shareholder approval over the 12-month period 
following the issue of the Initial Placement Shares. 
If Resolution 5 is not passed, the Company will not be able to proceed with the issue.  Given 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, the Company will also be 
unable to issue the Warrants and the Security Shares.  The Company will be unable to draw 
down any further funds under the EPF and may be required to seek alternative funding 
arrangements on terms less favourable or more dilutionary. 
7.6 Conditional Resolution 
Resolutions 3 to 5 are conditional upon the passing of one another, so that each will not have 
effect unless and until all others are passed. 
7.7 Director’s recommendation  
The Directors recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 5.  
8. Voting entitlement 
For the purposes of determining voting entitlements at the Meeting, Shares will be taken to be 
held by the persons who are registered as holding the Shares at 7:00pm (Sydney time) on 
Tuesday, 4 November 2025.   
Accordingly, transactions registered after that time will be disregarded in determining 
entitlements to attend and vote at the Meeting. 
9. Interpretation  
AIM means the market of that name operated by the London Stock Exchange plc.  
AIM Rules means the AIM Rules for Companies as issued by the London Stock Exchange 
plc, from time to time.   
ASIC means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
ASX means ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 or the Australian Securities Exchange (as 
applicable). 
Board means the board of directors of the Company.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 21 of 22 
Chair means the person who chairs the Meeting. 
Commitment Commencement Date has the meaning given to that term in section 5.1 of the 
Explanatory Memorandum. 
Company means Atlantic Lithium Limited ACN 127 215 132. 
Conditional Resolutions means Resolutions 3 to 5. 
Constitution means the constitution of the Company from time to time. 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended, varied or replaced 
from time to time. 
Director means a director of the Company. 
Equity Placement Facility or EPF has the meaning given to that term in section 2 of the 
Explanatory Memorandum. 
Equity Securities has the meaning given to that term in the Listing Rules. 
Explanatory Memorandum means this explanatory memorandum accompanying the Notice 
of Meeting. 
Fee Shares has the meaning given to that term in section 4.2 of the Explanatory 
Memorandum. 
First Placement has the meaning given to that term in section 2 of the Explanatory 
Memorandum. 
First Placement Shares or Long State First Placement Shares means the Shares the 
subject of the First Placement.  
Listing Rule means the official listing rules of the ASX as amended from time to time. 
Long State means Long State Investments Ltd and its nominated entity Patras Capital Pte 
Ltd. 
Meeting, means the extraordinary general meeting to be held online only by 
https://meetnow.global/MWQAZFN on Thursday, 6 November 2025 at 7.00pm (Perth time) / 
8.00am (London time). 
Notice of Meeting or Notice means the notice of meeting giving notice to Shareholders of the 
Meeting, accompanying this Explanatory Memorandum. 
Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by more than 50% of the votes cast at a 
general meeting of shareholders. 
Related Party has the meaning in section 228 of the Corporations Act. 
Resolution means a resolution as set out in the Notice of Meeting. 
Securities has the meaning in section 92(1) of the Corporations Act. 
Security Shares has the meaning given to that term in section 6.1 of the Explanatory 
Memorandum. 
Share means an ordinary fully paid share in the issued capital of the Company.
Explanatory Memorandum 
Notice of EGM – Atlantic Lithium Limited  Page 22 of 22 
Shareholder means a holder of Shares in the Company. 
Share Placement Agreement has the meaning given to that term in section 2 of the 
Explanatory Memorandum. 
Subsequent Placement has the meaning given to that term in section 3 of the Explanatory 
Memorandum. 
Trading Days means any day on which the London Stock Exchange plc is open for business . 
 
Any inquiries in relation to the Resolutions or the Explanatory Memorandum should be directed to  the 
Company Secretary at info@atlanticlithium.com.au.
MR A SAMPLE
< DESIGNATION>
SAMPLE STREET
SAMPLE TOWN
SAMPLE CITY
SAMPLE COUNTY
AA11 1AA
Atlantic Lithium Limited
Holder Reference Number
C0000000000

Form of Instruction - Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 6 November 2025
Explanatory Notes:
1. Please indicate, by placing ''X'' in the appropriate space overleaf, how you wish your votes to be cast in respect of each of the Resolutions. If this form is duly signed and returned, but
without specific direction as to how you wish your votes to be cast, the form will be rejected.
2. The 'Vote Abstain' option overleaf is provided to enable you to abstain on any particular Resolution. However, it should be noted that a 'Vote Abstain' is not a vote in law and will not be
counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes 'For' and 'Against' a Resolution.
3. To give an instruction via the CREST system, CREST messages must be received by the issuer’s agent (ID number 3RA50) not later than by 31 October 2025 at 8.00 am (GMT). For
this purpose, the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp generated by the CREST system) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the
message. The Company may treat as invalid an appointment sent by CREST in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.
4. Any alterations made in this form should be initialled.
5. Entitlement to attend and vote at the meeting and the number of votes which may be cast thereat will be determined by reference to the Depositary Interest Register at close of business
on 31 October 2025. Changes to entries on the Depositary Interest Register after that time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote for the meeting.
To be effective, all forms of instruction must be lodged at the office of the Depositary at:
Computershare Investor Services PLC, The Pavilions, Bridgwater Rd, Bristol BS99 6ZY by 31 October 2025 at 8.00 am (GMT).
All Correspondence to:
The office of the Depositary
Computershare Investor Services PLC
 The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road,
Bristol, BS99 6ZY
To View the Notice of Meeting online visit:
https://www.atlanticlithium.com.au/gm-notices
MR A SAMPLE
< Designation>
Additional Holder 1
Additional Holder 2
Additional Holder 3
Additional Holder 4
Kindly Note: This form is issued only to the addressee(s) and is specific to the
unique designated account printed hereon. This personalised form is not
transferable between different (i) account holders; or (ii) uniquely designated
accounts. Computershare Investor Services PLC (the “Depositary”) and the
Custodian accept no liability for any instruction that does not comply with these
conditions.
196030_248940_MAIL/000001/000001/SG601/i1
*00000101010010*
000001
Form of Instruction
Please use a black  pen.    Mark with an X inside
the box as shown in this example.
I/We hereby instruct the Custodian “Computershare Clearing Pty Ltd a/c CCNL DI” to vote on my/our behalf at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company to be
held virtually, on 6 November 2025 at 7.00 pm (Sydney time),  and at any adjournment thereof.
Signature Date
In the case of joint holders, only one holder need sign. In the case of a
corporation, the Form of Instruction should be signed by a duly authorised
official whose capacity should be stated, or by an attorney.

C0000000000
Ordinary Resolutions For Against Abstain
1. Ratification of issue of First Placement Shares under the Share Placement Agreement
2. Ratification of issue of Fee Shares under the Equity Placement Facility Agreement
3. Approval to issue Warrants under the Equity Placement Facility Agreement
4. Approval to issue Security Shares under the Equity Placement Facility Agreement
5. Approval to issue the Initial Placement Shares under the Equity Placement Facility Agreement
109H 71 RRI