BETA Close X Atlantic Lithium Limited has submitted a revised Mining Lease for its Ewoyaa Lithium Project to the Parliament of Ghana for ratification, which includes updated fiscal terms aligning royalty rates and the Growth and Sustainability Levy with current Ghanaian legislation. The proposed royalty rates for lithium projects will now follow a sliding scale based on spodumene price, ranging from 5.0% up to 12.0%. While other fiscal terms remain unchanged from the October 2023 lease, the company acknowledges that the proposed terms of the Legislative Instrument may change and ratification is not guaranteed, with the Select Committee expected to review the lease in the New Year. Disclaimer* Atlantic Lithium Limited 22 December 2025 22 December 2025 Ratification Process - Ewoyaa Mining Lease Atlantic Lithium Limited (AIM: ALL, ASX: A11, GSE: ALLGH, "Atlantic Lithium" or the "Company"), the Africa-focused lithium exploration and development company targeting the delivery of Ghana's first lithium mine, provides the following update regarding the status of the Mining Lease in respect of its flagship Ewoyaa Lithium Project ("Ewoyaa" or the "Project") in Ghana. The Company is pleased to confirm that a revised Mining Lease has been submitted to the Parliament of Ghana and referred to the Select Committee , per the necessary process for ratification. T he Mining Lease includes certain fiscal terms which were incorporated following a period of consultation undertaken by the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources with relevant stakeholders in Ghana in relation to Ghana's current mining code and the application of royalties , which was supported by the Company . The revised terms comprise the alignment of the Project's royalty rate and Growth and Sustainability Levy to current legislated rates in Ghana. Accordingly, the Company notes the submission by the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources to Parliament of a new Legislative Instrument, Minerals and Mining (Royalty) Regulations, 2025 , which sets out the following proposed sliding scale in relation to royalty rates for lithium projects in Ghana according to various spodumene price ranges: Spodumene Price, US$/tonne Royalty Applicable Up to US$1,500/tonne 5.0% Between US$1,501 - US$2,500 7.0% Between US$2,501 - US$3,000 10.0% Above US$3,000 12.0% The Legislative Instrument will be considered in line with due parliamentary process. All other fiscal terms outlined in the Mining Lease granted in October 2023 remain unchanged ( refer announcement of 20 October 2023 ). Following the adjournment of Parliament for the festive period, the Company understands that the Select Committee will undertake its review of the revised Mining Lease in the New Year, before providing its recommendation to Parliament for or against ratification. The Company remains confident that ratification of the Mining Lease will be forthcoming in accordance with due parliamentary process. Shareholders should note, however, that there can be no certainty that the proposed terms of the Legislative Instrument will not change or that Parliament will indeed ratify the Mining Lease. Further updates will be provided to shareholders as and when appropriate. Authorised for release by Amanda Harsas, Finance Director and Company Secretary, Atlantic Lithium Limited. For any further information, please contact: Atlantic Lithium Limited Keith Muller (Chief Executive Officer) Amanda Harsas (Finance Director and Company Secretary) www.atlanticlithium.com.au IR@atlanticlithium.com.au Tel: +61 2 8072 0640 SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP Nominated Adviser Jeff Keating Charlie Bouverat Tel: +44 (0)20 3470 0470 Yellow Jersey PR Limited Charles Goodwin Bessie Elliot atlantic@yellowjerseypr.com Tel: +44 (0)20 3004 9512 Canaccord Genuity Limited Financial Adviser: Raj Khatri (UK) / Duncan St John, Christian Calabrese (Australia) Corporate Broking: James Asensio Tel: +44 (0) 20 7523 4500 Notes to Editors: About Atlantic Lithium www.atlanticlithium.com.au Atlantic Lithium is an AIM, ASX and GSE-listed lithium company advancing its flagship project, the Ewoyaa Lithium Project, a lithium spodumene pegmatite discovery in Ghana, through to production to become the country's first lithium-producing mine. The Company published a Definitive Feasibility Study in respect of the Project in July 2023. The Project was awarded a Mining Lease in October 2023, an Environmental Protection Authority ("EPA") Permit in September 2024, and a Mine Operating Permit in October 2024 and is being developed under an earn-in agreement with Elevra Lithium Limited. Atlantic Lithium holds a portfolio of lithium projects within 509km 2 and 771km 2 of granted and under-application tenure across Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire respectively, which, in addition to the Project, comprises significantly under-explored, highly prospective licences. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Atlantic Lithium Limited NPV (DI) (ALL) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ajax Resources 2 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 3 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 4 hours ago Caledonia Investments 7 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and