Annual Report 2025
Patient advocate Vanessa Carter battled infection and antimicrobial 
resistance for three years. “Antibiotics are a precious resource. 
We need to protect them and keep finding new ones.”
Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report
A devastating car crash nearly killed Vanessa Carter 
two decades ago, shattering her bones and severely 
injuring her face. What followed was an even greater 
battle, one that couldn’t be seen.
Vanessa, a mother of two now living in the UK, 
underwent multiple surgeries to rebuild her face 
and fight a stubborn infection that no antibiotic 
seemed able to stop. “Every single day waking up 
to a recurring infection was frightening,” she says. 
“I kept looking in the mirror and seeing this infection 
eating away at my face and wondering, am I going 
to have a face in the morning? How much further 
damage is it going to do?”
She often thinks of the 2004 collision in 
Johannesburg, South Africa, when another driver 
veered into her lane. She lost her right eye and went 
through dozens of surgeries to rebuild her face and 
remove the infection. Each time, it returned. “They 
were prescribing the same type of antibiotic over 
and over, and it wasn’t working,” Vanessa recalls.
An invisible enemy
The bacteria inside her wounds had changed. 
They had learnt to survive. The infection – 
called methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus 
aureus (MRSA) infection – no longer responded to 
medicines that once worked. “A surgeon told me if 
the infection hit my bloodstream, I could die. There 
were nights I lay awake wondering if it would kill me. 
I just wanted to know why it kept coming back.”
The answer, she later learnt, was antimicrobial 
resistance, or AMR. It happens when microbes, 
like bacteria, adapt so that treatments stop being 
effective. It is a growing global threat that puts 
millions of lives at risk. A study in ‘The Lancet’ 
estimates that more than 39 million people could 
die from drug-resistant infections between 2025 
and 2050.1
For Vanessa, recovery came through persistence. 
She sought help from a transplant surgeon in 
Boston who created a plan to remove the infection 
and complete her reconstruction in as few surgeries 
as possible. Working with South African doctors 
who carried out the procedures, she underwent 
two operations and a final course of last-resort 
antibiotics. Her long fight to rebuild her face 
finally ended.
“We often think antibiotics can cure anything, but 
AMR can happen to anybody. You get so used to 
antibiotics working and then one day they just don’t,” 
she says. “I told myself if I get out of this alive, I am 
going to make a difference for others.”
From survivor to advocate
Driven by her experience, Vanessa speaks 
publicly on the need for responsible antibiotic use 
and the importance of early, accurate diagnosis 
to stop infection. She collaborates with health 
organisations and researchers to help others 
understand the patient impact of AMR. Her story 
is a powerful reminder that behind every statistic 
there are people fighting to live and that awareness 
can save lives.
Through her non-profit organisation, The AMR 
Narrative, Vanessa educates the public and 
healthcare workers on reducing AMR, emphasising 
foundational steps like hand hygiene and correct 
antibiotic use.
At the same time, researchers at Roche are aiming 
to develop a new class of antibiotics as part of a 
global effort to fight antimicrobial resistance and 
hopefully protect future generations.
“Antibiotics are a precious resource,” Vanessa says. 
“They save so many lives, and we need to protect 
them and keep finding new ones.”
When the medicine stops working
She survived antibiotic resistance. Now she helps others understand its impact.
1 https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(24)01867-1/fulltext  [accessed 21 Jan 2026]
How we contribute | Roche 1
It’s a threat that rarely makes headlines but kills 
millions. Antimicrobial resistance, or AMR, occurs 
when germs evolve to defeat the drugs meant to 
kill them. It’s a silent pandemic linked to nearly 
five million deaths each year.¹
For Roche scientists, this isn’t a distant problem. It’s 
a daily battle to protect modern medicine. “Anybody 
could be vulnerable – when they break a leg, have 
a car accident or undergo surgery,” says Roche 
scientist Emmanuelle Cottreel. She describes a 
world where common infections could once again 
become deadly.
“I have a friend who learnt the hard way,” she says. 
Although she was given antibiotics for pneumonia, 
her condition worsened. The bacteria were 
resistant. “It took her a year and a half to get 
back to health.”
Ken Bradley, who leads infectious diseases 
discovery for Roche in Basel, Switzerland, says 
the stakes are high. Modern medicine relies on 
managing infections, but “if we don’t have life-
saving antibiotics, the whole system is at risk,” 
he says. It’s why his team is focused on one of 
medicine’s toughest challenges: developing a 
new class of antibiotics.
When science gets personal
For Roche scientist Guennaëlle Dieppois, the fight 
is deeply personal. She watched AMR devastate her 
family. “My grandad fell in his garden, suffered a 
fracture and got infected by very resistant bacteria,” 
she says. “After two months of aggressive treatment, 
the infection prevailed and he had to undergo a leg 
amputation.” The amputation led to a rapid decline 
in his health – a powerful reminder that antibiotics 
are essential to preserve personal dignity and 
quality of life.
The challenge is an enemy that has perfected 
survival. “Bacteria have been on the planet for 
over a billion years,” Ken says. “They are experts 
at evolving. We need to stay one step ahead.”
That’s why simply making more of the same 
antibiotics won’t work. “Bacteria are very clever,” 
explains Roche scientist Séverine Louvel, who 
has spent a decade at Roche researching new 
antibiotics. If a new drug is too similar to an 
old one, “they will know exactly what to do and 
become resistant quickly. We need to develop 
radically new antibiotics.”
Séverine is driven by this mission. She recalls an 
academic clinical trial expert who was excited 
to test her team’s new drug. “He recounted how 
hard it was to find new molecules because no 
effective medication existed. For me, this was 
super rewarding. I dream of finding antibiotics 
that keep people alive.”
Leading the search for solutions
Roche remains committed to the challenging 
work of developing new classes of antibiotics, an 
area from which many have exited. The company’s 
strength lies in combining pharmaceutical R&D 
with leadership in diagnostics – a dual expertise 
crucial to targeting the right infection.
The team knows they can’t succeed alone; so 
they collaborate with governments, industry, 
academia and the public to develop antibiotics. 
It’s a race to ensure a scraped knee or minor 
surgery doesn’t become a death sentence.
“We feel privileged to be part of a company that 
invests in this area,” Ken says. “What drives me 
is ensuring we stay ahead of this evolution and 
deliver medicines that cure patients.”
Inside the race to stop drug-resistant infections
The future of modern medicine depends on new antibiotics. Meet Roche scientists 
on a personal mission to deliver the next generation of these life-saving medicines.
1  https://www.cdc.gov/antimicrobial-resistance/data-research/facts-stats/index.html  [accessed 21 Jan 2026]
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report2
Emmanuelle Cottreel (top left), Ken Bradley (top right), Séverine Louvel (bottom left) 
and Guennaëlle Dieppois (bottom right) are focused on one of medicine’s toughest 
challenges: developing a new class of antibiotics.
How we contribute | Roche 3
Annual Review  07 
 1. 2025 in brief 09
 2. About Roche 21
 
Sustainability Report  53
 1. Business performance  55
 2. General information 75
 3. Environment 89
 4. Social 119
 5. Governance 137
 6. Human rights 143
 7. Appendix 153
 Independent limited assurance report 156
Contents
roche.com/reporting
A recrystallised thin film of the risdiplam  drug substance, viewed 
using hot-stage polarised light microscopy. The colours, shapes and 
thermal behaviour of these structures reveal important information 
about the drug’s crystal form, which directly impacts its stability, 
processability and bioavailability.
Corporate Governance  163
Remuneration Report  187
Annual Report 2025 | Roche 5
Annual Review
A recrystallised thin film of the CT-996  drug substance, viewed 
using hot-stage polarised light microscopy. The needle-shaped, 
radiating crystals are known as ‘acicular spherulites’. The colours, 
shapes and thermal behaviour of these structures reveal important 
information about the drug’s crystal form, which directly impacts 
its stability, processability and bioavailability.
1. 2025 in brief 9
2. About Roche 21
Annual Review | Roche 7
| Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report8
1. 2025 in brief
2025 was a year of meaningful progress for Roche. We made a significant 
positive impact on patients’ lives while reducing the environmental 
footprint of our products and operations and contributing to 
strengthening resilient healthcare systems around the world.
1.1 Letter to shareholders 10
1.2 2025 highlights 16
The zosurabalpin  drug substance recrystallising from a solution, 
viewed using hot-stage polarised light microscopy. The image 
shows hundreds of prismatic single crystals. Analysing their size, 
shape and growth behaviour provides critical information for 
drug product stability.
2025 in brief | Roche 9
* All growth rates and year-on-year comparisons are at constant exchange rates (CER; 2024 average) and all total figures are reported in Swiss francs.
Dear Shareholders
This dynamic is reflected in our figures – Group 
sales rose by 7%* at constant exchange rates to 
CHF 6 1.5 billion, with both the Pharmaceuticals 
and Diagnostics Divisions contributing to this 
result. Core operating profit increased by 13%, 
while core earnings per share were up 11%. In view 
of the strong business performance, the Board 
of Directors proposes a dividend of CHF 9.80 per 
share. This would be the 39th consecutive increase.
Our ‘R&D Excellence’ initiative, launched two years 
ago to accelerate our research and development, is 
showing strong progress. The overall value of our 
pipeline has increased significantly, and in 2025 – 
for the first time in Roche’s history – we were able 
2025 was marked by geopolitical tensions and 
economic challenges. As a Swiss company, we are 
dependent on open markets and stable international 
relations, which makes it so important for us to work 
together to create favourable conditions both ‘at 
home’ and abroad. These conditions include the 
protection of intellectual property, a liberal and 
open labour market and a clear commitment to 
science and innovation.
Last year, Roche once again made significant 
progress in an exceptionally dynamic environment. 
We continued on our growth path, launched 
important medical innovations and further 
strengthened our pipeline.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report10
to move ten potentially life-changing medicines to 
the final clinical phase. These include candidates 
for Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease, multiple 
sclerosis, obesity, hypertension, haemophilia A 
and various types of cancer. The pipeline also 
includes an antibiotic against resistant bacteria. 
Zosurabalpin could be the first new antibiotic in 
over 50 years to fight gram-negative pathogens 
that cause life-threatening infections such as 
pneumonia or blood poisoning.
We have achieved an important breakthrough in 
oestrogen receptor-positive breast cancer, which 
accounts for around 70% of all breast cancer cases. 
Giredestrant is an orally administered potential 
new medicine that specifically degrades a central 
growth driver of the tumour. This is the first time that 
a drug from this class of active ingredients has been 
proven to bring a significant benefit in the early 
stage of the disease. We are now moving ahead 
with the approval process so that patients can 
hopefully quickly gain access to a treatment that 
could significantly improve their chances of a cure.
The positive phase III study results for fenebrutinib 
represent another important medical advance. 
This investigational molecule has the potential to 
become the first oral treatment for both relapsing 
and primary progressive multiple sclerosis. 
In relapsing multiple sclerosis, disease activity 
in the previous phase II study decreased to such 
an extent that a relapse would only be expected 
roughly once every 17 years – a milestone for 
millions of patients worldwide.
In addition, Gazyva/Gazyvaro has been approved 
in the United States and Europe for the treatment 
of lupus nephritis, a potentially life-threatening 
autoimmune disease that attacks the kidneys and 
affects 1.7 million people worldwide.
Our Diagnostics Division has set a record with our 
next-generation sequencing technology, decoding 
a human genome in under four hours – which could 
save lives in emergencies. The system will be 
launched on the market later this year.
We have also reached an important milestone 
in the early diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease. 
Elecsys pTau181 is the first test that allows doctors 
to reliably rule out typical Alzheimer’s-related 
pathology by means of a simple blood test, reducing 
the need for stressful and expensive follow-up 
examinations.
Scientific advances need long-term commitment. 
This is why we made important investment decisions 
in 2025 to expand our research and manufacturing 
capabilities, including a USD 50 billion programme in 
the US. This will help to strengthen local innovation 
and manufacturing and make us less vulnerable to 
supply chain risks and tariffs.
At the end of October, we celebrated the 
groundbreaking of Building 12, a new research and 
development centre in Basel. With an investment 
volume of CHF 500 million, this is our clear 
commitment to Switzerland as a business hub.
It will be crucial for the future that politics, industry 
and society see health not only as a cost factor, but 
above all as an investment – in people, quality of life 
and economic stability. People can only contribute 
to a country’s productivity and prosperity if they are 
in good health.
Our combined diagnostic and pharmaceutical 
expertise continues to hold great potential. This 
integrated approach is key to detecting diseases 
earlier, treating them more specifically and thus 
achieving better therapeutic outcomes. In this 
way, we can improve not only the lives of patients, 
but also the efficiency of healthcare systems 
worldwide.
Preventing, stopping and curing diseases – this 
strategy puts us in an excellent position for the 
future.
Sustainable healthcare also includes acting 
responsibly and sustainably. In 2025 we helped 
even more people to access our medicines and 
diagnostics, further reduced our emissions 
and achieved our goal of providing sustainable 
electricity to our Roche sites.
We believe that a company reveals its true 
strength in a challenging environment. And Roche 
demonstrated this strength in 2025. With excellent 
results and a promising product pipeline, our more 
Shareholder letter | Roche 11
A Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee  | B  Audit Committee  | C Remuneration Committee  | D Chairman’s/Nomination Committee  
E Non-executive director  | F Executive director ( currently no member ) | G Independent member of the Board of Directors  | * Committee chairperson
than 100,000 employees have helped advance our 
vision of a healthier future. We would like to express 
our sincere thanks to all our colleagues for their 
invaluable commitment over the past year.
And thank you, dear shareholders, for your trust.
Best regards
 
Dr Severin Schwan 
Chairman
Dr Thomas Schinecker
CEO Roche Group
Roche Board of Directors on 31 December 2025
Dr Severin Schwan (1967), Chairman  D*, E 
André Hoffmann (1958), Vice-Chairman  A*, D, E, G Representative of the shareholder group with pooled voting rights  
Dr Jörg Duschmalé (1984)  B, C*, E, G Representative of the shareholder group with pooled voting rights  
Dr Patrick Frost (1968)  B*, E, G  
Anita Hauser (1969)  C, D, E, G  
Prof. Dr Akiko Iwasaki (1970)  A, E, G 
Prof. Dr Richard P . Lifton (1953) C, E, G  
Dr Jemilah Mahmood (1959)  A, E, G 
Dr Mark Schneider (1965)  B, E, G 
Dr Claudia Suessmuth Dyckerhoff (1967)  A, B, E, G
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report12
* Member of the Enlarged Corporate Executive Committee
Roche Corporate Executive Committee on 31 December 2025
Dr Thomas Schinecker (1975)  CEO Roche Group  
Teresa Graham (1973)  CEO Roche Pharmaceuticals  
Matt Sause (1977)  CEO Roche Diagnostics  
Dr Alan Hippe (1967)  Chief Financial Officer  
Cristina A. Wilbur (1967)  Chief People Officer  
Claudia Böckstiegel* (1964)  General Counsel  
Dr Levi Garraway* (1968)  Head Global Product Development and Chief Medical Officer  
Silke Hörnstein* (1975)  Head Corporate Strategy and Sustainability  
Wafaa Mamilli* (1967)  Chief Digital and Technology Officer  
Dr Aviv Regev* (1971)  Head Genentech Research and Early Development (gRED)  
Barbara Schädler* (1962)  Head Group Communications  
Boris Zaïtra* (1972)  Head Corporate Business Development
Our leadership | Roche 13
Dr Dolores Lozano Escario, Co-Director of Pathology at Clínica Universidad de 
Navarra, uses digital pathology images to enable global collaboration and deliver 
faster patient results.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report14
Pathology is a powerful yet often overlooked 
field of medicine, where meticulous analysis of cells 
and tissues under a microscope unlocks crucial 
diagnoses and shapes treatment plans for patients. 
But as Dr Dolores Lozano Escario, Co-Director of 
Pathology at Clínica Universidad de Navarra, aptly 
puts it, “We are living an exciting moment – the 
shift to digital pathology.”
A new era of precision and speed
For decades, the pathology process was largely 
manual. Tissue samples, meticulously prepared 
on glass slides, were the pathologist’s universe. 
Obtaining a second opinion involved physically 
transporting these delicate slides, a process 
prone to delays and even damage. “Before digital 
pathology, seeking a second opinion meant 
physically sending the samples for consultation,” 
Dr Lozano explains. “There was a risk of the 
delicate slides being lost or damaged.”
Today, high-resolution scanners convert these 
physical slides into digital images, accessible 
instantly from anywhere. “Pathology is undergoing 
a fundamental transformation fuelled by 
digitalisation,” says Lee Lehman-Becker, Head 
of Healthcare Insights at Roche. “This digital 
transformation is fuelled by the need to provide 
patients across the globe with best-in-class 
diagnostic results, regardless of their geography 
and access to medical professionals and 
specialists.”
Breaking down barriers, building collaboration
The Clínica Universidad de Navarra in Pamplona, 
Spain, is one of the hospitals leading this 
digital transformation. Dr Lozano attests to the 
immediate impact: “In our experience, digital 
pathology increases the pathology’s productivity. 
We save time.” 
Beyond efficiency, digital pathology fosters 
unprecedented collaboration. “With digital 
pathology we can share cases with more expert 
pathologists, be more accurate and ask in some 
cases, especially in difficult cases, for help.” This 
means a patient in Pamplona can benefit from 
the expertise of a specialist across the globe, 
simply by sharing a digital image.
The power of AI – beyond the human eye
Perhaps the most transformative aspect is the 
integration of AI and image analysis algorithms. 
AI-based digital tools provide “more specific 
information that doesn’t rely anymore on the 
subjectivity of our eyes on the microscope,” 
notes Dr Lozano. AI can detect subtle patterns 
and anomalies that are sometimes invisible to the 
human eye, offering deeper insights and more 
precise diagnoses for patients. “I hope that in 
the future, digital pathology will help us predict 
things our eyes are unable to detect.”
This blend of human expertise and digital 
innovation is not just making diagnostics faster; it’s 
making them smarter, more accurate and globally 
connected. As Dr Lozano states, “Everything that 
helps us make a better diagnosis will improve patient 
care and the healthcare system overall.” 
Digital pathology is paving the way for a healthier 
future, one precise diagnosis at a time.
Pathologists are now wielding AI-powered tools to see beyond the human eye, 
ensuring maximum precision in disease detection and treatment.
The digital path: how digital technology and AI 
are redefining pathology and disease detection
How we contribute | Roche 15
1.2 2025 highlights
*  All  growth  rates and year-on-year  comparisons  are at constant  exchange  rates (CER; 2024  average) and all total figures are reported  in Swiss francs.
9.80 
9.70 
Group sales
2025 
2024
Dividend
2025 
2024
Core operating profit
2025 
2024
R&D core investments
2025 
2024
CHF millions
CHF
61,516 +7%
60,495 +7%
21,833 +13%
20,823 +14%
12,243 –3%
13,042 +1%
*
31 billion diagnostic tests delivered to our customers
61 diagnostics launched: 2 platforms, 6 digital solutions and 53 tests
21 major pharmaceuticals approvals
46 of our medicines on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines
More than 39 million patients treated with our medicines
258 million lives touched with our high-medical-value diagnostics 
66 new molecular entities in the pipeline
10 new molecules entered phase III trials
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report16
Africa  1,274 Australia / New Zealand   626Latin America  5,200
North America  27,594 Europe  53,638 Asia  24,442
Scope 1 and 2 GHG** emissions (ktCO 2e) Suppliers with SBTi***  goals
Employees worldwide*
112,774
*  Number  of employees  based on headcount;  illustrative  map of geographic  scope; not exhaustive   |  **  Greenhouse  gas  |  ***  Science  Based Targets initiative
175
97
322
2025 2029
Short-term  goal
2022 2025 2029
Short-term  goal
2022
49%
24%
70%
100% sustainable electricity 
goal achieved across our sites
 Roche Group headquarters  
 Largest sites based on number of employees   
 Research and development sites in the Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics Divisions
 Manufacturing sites in the Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics Divisions
2025 highlights | Roche 17
We advanced three transformative 
diagnostic innovations: our predictive 
continuous glucose monitoring solution, the 
first fully automated mass spectrometry 
system and our sequencing by expansion 
technology.
A record-breaking year for pipeline 
progression at Roche, with ten new 
molecules entering phase III and the 
fast-tracking of assets in immunology, 
neurology and cardiovascular diseases.
We committed to investing USD 50 billion 
in the pharmaceuticals and diagnostics 
sectors in the United States over the next 
five years.
Our Elecsys pTau181 test became the 
only FDA-cleared blood test for use in 
primary care to rule out Alzheimer’ s- 
related amyloid pathology in patients 
with early signs of cognitive decline.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report18
We started phase III development of 
zosurabalpin, a novel antibiotic that could 
become the first in over 50 years to tackle 
highly resistant gram-negative bacteria.
We ranked 2nd in the 2024/2025 
PatientView survey of pharmaceutical 
company reputation among patient 
organisations, achieving top rankings 
across multiple disease areas.
Our scope 1, 2 and 3 near- and long-term 
GHG reduction targets have been 
validated by the Science Based Targets 
initiative. 
We have reached our 100% sustainable 
electricity goal across our sites.
2025 highlights | Roche 19
| Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report20
For more than 125 years, we have taken on some of the most 
complex challenges in healthcare, listening and responding 
to the ever-changing needs of people around the world.
A recrystallised thin film of the risdiplam  drug substance, viewed 
using hot-stage polarised light microscopy. The radiating structures 
with different colour patterns are known as ‘spherulites’. The 
colours, shapes and thermal behaviour of these structures reveal 
important information about the drug’s crystal form, which directly 
impacts its stability, processability and bioavailability.
2. About Roche
2.1 Our purpose 22
2.2 Our corporate strategy 26
2.3 Our approach to sustainability 28
2.4 Access to innovation 32
2.5 Patient partnering 40
2.6 Roche global citizenship 48
About Roche | Roche 21
2.1 Our purpose
Doing now what patients need next
We believe it is urgent to deliver medical solutions right now – even as we 
develop innovations for the future. We are passionate about transforming 
patients’ lives. We are courageous in both decision and action. And we 
believe that good business means a better world.
That is why we come to work each day. We commit ourselves to scientific 
rigour , unassailable ethics and access to medical innovations for all. 
We do this today to build a better tomorrow.
We are proud of who we are, what we do and how we do it. We are many, 
working as one across functions, across companies and across the world.
We are Roche.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report22
Our purpose | Roche 23
Since her dad’s Alzheimer’s diagnosis, Silvia’s family makes the most 
of every day and hopes that innovation brings earlier detection and 
new medicines for everyone.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report24
The first signs of Alzheimer’s disease in Silvia’s 
father came like whispers. A giant bag of sugar, big 
enough to bake 1,000 cookies and bought because 
it was on sale, was easy to explain away. But when 
he forgot the bank password he’d used for decades, 
it felt different.
These moments, along with a slow erosion of other 
habits, convinced Silvia that it was time to see the 
doctor. Cognitive tests and a brain scan confirmed 
the news she feared. Her 88-year-old dad was in 
the early stages of Alzheimer’s. Suddenly, he wasn’t 
just her father struggling with memory. He was 
one of 57 million people living with dementia, with 
Alzheimer’s being the most common form.1
The power of knowing
This clarity lets Silvia and her family prepare 
for the future. “The diagnosis showed me how 
fragile stability can be.” It also brought her 
personal and professional worlds into sharp 
focus. At Roche, Silvia leads the global CareRing 
community, enabling a safe and supportive space 
for employees who are patients or caregivers to 
exchange information and find support.
Early diagnosis gave Silvia and her family time to 
find care should her dad’s needs at some point 
exceed what they can manage. Silvia hopes 
that research and innovation will result in earlier 
detection and medications that slow the disease. 
“Alzheimer’s doesn’t just take memories. It can 
erode personality before it takes the person.”
The Roche neurology team works to improve life 
for millions of families around the world like Silvia’s. 
“When I think about what makes people who they 
are, it’s their relationships, their connections, their 
experiences. That’s what makes Alzheimer’s disease 
so challenging, because it steals memories,” says 
Amy VanBuskirk, Global Therapeutic Area Head for 
Neurology,

---

les of Incorporation of Roche Holding Ltd. 2
Movement in recognised amounts during the last 
two financial years are detailed in the Finance 
Report, Notes to the Financial Statements of 
Roche Holding Ltd (page 186).
The company has a share capital of 
CHF 106,691,000, divided into 106,691,000 fully 
paid bearer shares with a nominal value of CHF 1.00 
each. There are no restrictions on the exercise of 
the voting rights of these bearer shares.
There is no authorised or conditional capital.
In addition, 702,562,700 non-voting equity 
securities have been issued in bearer form. 
They do not form part of the share capital and 
confer no voting rights. Each non-voting equity 
security confers the same rights as one share 
to participate in available earnings and in any 
liquidation proceeds following repayment of the 
share capital. Roche’s non-voting equity securities 
and the rights pertaining thereto (including the 
Capital structure
2 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/article-of-incorporation
provisions protecting the interests of non-voting 
equity securities holders) are described in § 4 of 
the Articles of Incorporation of Roche Holding Ltd.
Information on debt instruments which have been 
issued and on outstanding bonds is provided in 
the Finance Report, Note 21 to the Roche Group 
Consolidated Financial Statements (‘Debt’, page 98).
Information on employee stock options is provided 
in the Finance Report, Note 27 to the Roche 
Group Consolidated Financial Statements (‘Equity 
compensation plans’, page 119), including detailed 
information on the Stock-settled Stock Appreciation 
Rights (S-SARs) Plan, the Restricted Stock Units 
(RSUs) Plan, Roche Connect and the Roche 
Option Plan.
Roche has issued no options apart from employee 
stock options as described in the Finance Report, 
Note 27 to the Roche Group Consolidated Financial 
Statements (‘Equity compensation plans’, page  119), 
and options issued in connection with debt 
instruments.
Neither the options awarded to employees nor the 
debt instruments which have been issued have any 
effect on Roche’s share capital.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report174
Information on each member of the Board of 
Directors and on each member of the Corporate 
Executive Committee is listed on pages 168 and 170. 
Members of the Board of Directors have no age limit 
or restriction on their term of office. 
Curricula vitae (CVs) of all current and former 
members (of at least the last ten years) of both 
bodies and other information (including information 
on the years of their first election, Board 
memberships, additional positions, memberships 
and activities) are available and continuously 
updated on the Internet. In addition, the status of 
the CVs of both bodies at the relevant reporting 
date on 31 December (of at least the last ten years) 
is separately available, too.3
Rules pursuant to article 626 para. 2 point 1 of the 
Federal Act on the Amendment of the Swiss Civil 
Code (Part Five: The Code of Obligations [CO]) on 
the number of permitted activities of the Board of 
Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee 
members are outlined in § 22.4 of the Articles of 
Incorporation of Roche Holding Ltd. 4
• No member of the Board of Directors may assume 
more than 10 additional mandates, of which no 
more than 4 may be in publicly listed companies. 
• No member of the Corporate Executive 
Committee may assume more than 5 additional 
mandates, of which no more than 1 may be in a 
publicly listed company. 
These restrictions do not apply to: 
a. Mandates at companies controlled by the 
company or which control it. 
b. Mandates which a member of the Board 
of Directors or of the Corporate Executive 
Committee assumes by order of the company or 
by order of companies controlled by the company. 
c. Mandates at associations, foundations, family 
foundations and employee welfare foundations. 
Mandates shall mean mandates in comparable 
functions at other companies with an economic 
purpose. Mandates in different legal entities 
that are under joint control or same beneficial 
ownership are deemed as a single mandate.
Since 2014, the Annual General Meeting has 
elected all members of the Board of Directors, 
the Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
the members of the Remuneration Committee 
on an annual basis in elections in which each 
nominee is voted on separately (see § 18 of the 
Articles of Incorporation of Roche Holding Ltd 4 
and the minutes of the 107th ordinary Annual 
General Meeting of Roche Holding Ltd, held on 
25 March 20255).
With the exception of Dr Severin Schwan, none 
of the members of the Board of Directors in 
office at the end of 2025 was a member of 
Roche’s Corporate Executive Committee or served 
in an executive capacity at any Group subsidiary 
during the three financial years preceding the 
current reporting period and they are for lack of 
existing business connections with the Group or 
any Group subsidiary independent. Roche’s Board 
of Directors’ independence definition is based on 
the definition in the Swiss Code of Best Practice 
for Corporate Governance of ‘economiesuisse’ 
(see https://backend-api.economiesuisse.ch//sites/
default/files/2025-09/swisscode_e_web_0.pdf ) 
and is complemented by specific preceding criteria 
(see https://www.roche.com/about/governance/
board-of-directors).
The principles of governance (principles of 
delegation and competence, reservation of powers 
and management of a group of companies) of 
the executive bodies of the company include 
economic, environmental and social topics. The 
Board of Directors and 
Corporate Executive Committee
3 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/board-of-directors  and https://www.roche.com/about/governance/executive-committee , in addition see pages 168, 170 and 189. 
4 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/article-of-incorporation
5 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/annual-general-meetings
Corporate Governance | Roche 175
principles together with the internal organisation 
of the Board of Directors, the division of authority 
and responsibilities between

---

√ √
Remuneration Committee Annual General Meeting
Bonus – √
Stock-settled Stock  
Appreciation Rights (S-SARs)
– √
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) – √
Pension benefits √ (C only) √
The Remuneration Committee tracks market data 
on salaries at other leading global pharmaceutical 
companies1 and at major Swiss companies 2 and 
reports its findings to the full Board. The external 
consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (PwC) 
assists the Remuneration Committee of Roche 
in performing market comparisons and as an 
advisor. PwC has additional mandates in the 
Roche Group. Information on the Remuneration 
Committee’s remit, powers and procedures for 
making remuneration decisions can be found in the 
Bylaws of the Roche Board of Directors 3 and in the 
Articles of Incorporation. 4 They are also outlined 
in the sections below on the principles governing 
specific remuneration components (see 3.).
Total aggregate amounts that are based on these 
decisions are submitted to the General Meeting 
for approval. The General Meeting shall vote 
annually and with binding effect on the approval 
of the remuneration (that the Board of Directors 
has resolved) of the Board of Directors and the 
Corporate Executive Committee (for details see 4. 
and 5.).
1  Peer set 2025: Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Danaher, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic, 
Merck & Co., Novartis, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer, Sanofi
2  Peer set 2025: ABB, Alcon, Holcim, Lonza, Nestlé, Richemont, UBS, Zurich
3 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/article-of-incorporation  
4 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/article-of-incorporation  
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report190
Roche
Market comparison companies for salary assessment 
Major Swiss companies for 2025  
 
ABB 
Alcon 
Holcim 
Lonza 
Nestlé 
Richemont 
UBS 
Zurich
Pharmaceutical peer set for 2025  
 
Abbott Laboratories  
AbbVie 
Amgen 
AstraZeneca  
Bristol-Myers Squibb  
Danaher 
Eli Lilly 
GlaxoSmithKline  
Johnson & Johnson  
Medtronic 
Merck & Co. 
Novartis 
Novo Nordisk 
Pfizer 
Sanofi
Remuneration Report | Roche 191
2.2 Procedure for submitting total Board 
and Executive remuneration for shareholder 
approval at the Annual General Meeting
Each year at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) 
shareholders approve the total remuneration 
for the Board of Directors and for the Corporate 
Executive Committee as decided by the Board 
of Directors’ Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of Directors, respectively.
According to the approval at the AGM 2014, 
Roche has committed itself to obtaining separate 
and binding shareholder approvals of the total 
remuneration paid to the Board of Directors and 
to the Corporate Executive Committee as follows:
Retrospective approval 
Total aggregate bonus amounts for the Corporate 
Executive Committee for the financial year just 
ended will be submitted retrospectively at each 
ordinary AGM for separate and binding approval.
Prospective approval 
All other Board and Executive aggregate 
remuneration will be submitted prospectively 
to the AGM for separate and binding approval 
for the period between two ordinary AGMs.
This Remuneration Report shall be submitted 
to an advisory vote by the shareholders at the 
AGM 2026.
Dr Jörg Duschmalé, Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report192
Approval of total remuneration 
Retrospective:
Corporate Executive Committee (CEC):
• Bonus for financial year 2025 (total amount)
Prospective:
Board of Directors (BoD):
Aggregate total remuneration (AGM 2026–AGM 2027)
• Basic remuneration
Corporate Executive Committee (CEC): 
Aggregate total remuneration (AGM 2026–AGM 2027)
• Base pay 
• Stock-settled Stock Appreciation Rights (S-SARs)
• Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 
• Indirect benefits
Advisory vote
Retrospective:
• Advisory vote on the 2025 Remuneration Report at the AGM 2026
Financial year 2025 Financial year 2026Approval of total remuneration at the 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2026
CEC 
Bonus
Remuneration Report
2025
BoD
Basic remuneration
CEC 
Base pay
S-SARs 
RSUs
Indirect benefits
1.1.2025 1.1.2026 1.1.2027
AGM 2025 AGM 2026 AGM 2027
Remuneration Report | Roche 193
3.1 Overview of remuneration elements
The remuneration to the members of the Board of 
Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee 
is composed of the following elements:
The Corporate Executive Committee’s fixed base 
salary is complemented with the annual variable 
bonus as Short-Term Incentive (STI) and with 
perennial remuneration elements (S-SARs, RSUs) 
as Long-Term Incentive (LTI).
The remuneration components are linked to 
the employees’ performance, the company’s 
financial performance and non-financial success 5 
and thus align the interests of Roche and its 
employees with those of shareholders. Societal and 
environmental objectives 6 are also considered.
The LTI remuneration components are intended 
to sustainably, homogenously and in a long-term-
oriented perspective align management’s interest 
with those of shareholders and holders of non-
voting equity securities and to give participating 
managers an additional incentive to achieve 
sustainable shareholder value growth.
3. Remuneration components
5 https:// www.roche.com/investors/reports/performance
6 https:// www.roche.com/about/sustainability/environment/goals-performance
Composition of remuneration to the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee
Board of Directors Corporate Executive Committee
Annual remuneration elements C BoD CEO Roche Group CEC
Base pay / basic remuneration
(s e e  3.1.1)
√  Cash and for ten years 
blocked non-voting equity 
securities and/or shares
√ Cash √ Cash √ Cash
Bonus
(see 3. 1.2)
– – √  Cash and/or non-voting equity 
securities and/or shares both 
blocked for ten years or unblocked
√ Cash
Pension benefits, etc.
(see 3. 1.5)
√ – √ √
Perennial remuneration elements
Stock-settled Stock 
Appreciation Rights (S-SARs)
(see 3. 1.3)
– – √  √
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
(see 3.1.4)
– – √

---

ed Stock 
Appreciation Rights
 • Restricted Stock Units
 Fixed 
 
Base pay / basic remuneration  
 
Indirect benefits (employer 
contribution):  
 •  Pension benefits and insurance 
contributions
 • Roche Connect  
 • Tax consulting services
Expense allowance  
 
Others:  
 •  Ordinary family/children/education 
allowances
 • Foreign tax obligation  
 • AHV/IV/ALV*
* Employer contribution of social securities’ beneficial parts
Roche  
remuneration 
components
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report196
In December at the end of a reporting year 
or in January following a reporting year, the 
Remuneration Committee decides on the bonuses 
and their amounts payable to the members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee in respect of the 
relevant reporting year, based on performance 
against the aforementioned objectives. At the same 
time, the Remuneration Committee also decides 
in what form bonuses will be awarded, i.e. cash 
payments and/or blocked (if applicable) non-voting 
equity securities and/or shares. 
The Remuneration Committee uses its own 
discretion in the weighting of each criterion 
and in the bonus allocation.
In 2025 in total, 85,285 employees were eligible 
for a bonus under the Roche Annual Bonus 
Programme.
3.1.3 Stock-settled Stock Appreciation Rights 
(S-SARs) (long-term)
The S-SARs proportion of the LTI of the Corporate 
Executive Committee is 80% (based on the 
individual target value of the total LTI for Corporate 
Executive Committee members of 133.33% of 
a base pay measured on 1 January of a year).
S-SARs entitle holders to benefit financially from 
any increase in the value of Roche’s non-voting 
equity securities between the grant date and the 
exercise date. S-SARs granted all vest together 
after four years and then must be exercised within 
ten years of the grant date. Unexercised S-SARs 
lapse without compensation. The fair value of 
S-SARs is calculated at the grant date using the 
trinomial model for American call options (for 
details see page 206). 
S-SARs to the Corporate Executive Committee 
are allocated individually at the Remuneration 
Committee’s discretion. 
In 2025 in total, 22,213 employees received S-SARs.
3.1.4 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) (long-term)
The proportion of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) of 
the members of the Corporate Executive Committee 
is 20% of the total LTI (based on the individual 
target value of the total LTI for Corporate Executive 
Committee members of 133.33% of a base pay 
measured on 1 January of a year). 
RSUs contain rights to receive non-voting equity 
securities and/or shares after a four-year vesting 
period plus a value adjustment (being the amount 
equivalent to the sum of the dividend paid during 
the vesting period attributable to the number 
of non-voting equity securities and/or shares 
for which an individual award has been granted). 
They will all be vested to the recipient for the 
Corporate Executive Committee after four years 
only. Thereafter, resulting non-voting equity 
securities and/or shares may remain blocked for 
up to ten years.
RSU awards are allocated individually for 
the Corporate Executive Committee at the 
Remuneration Committee’s discretion.
In 2025, RSUs served as a remuneration component 
for 22,388 eligible Roche employees.
3.1.5 Indirect benefits 
As shown in 5.8 (5.3 [for the CEO Roche Group] and 
4.3 [for the Chairman], respectively), members of 
the Corporate Executive Committee additionally 
received indirect benefits (pension funds / insurance 
contributions, Roche Connect, payments for foreign 
tax obligation and tax consulting services and 
annual expense allowance). Individual members 
of the Corporate Executive Committee received 
additional payments as shown in 5.9.
Remuneration Report | Roche 197
3.3 Ratio of variable remuneration components relative to fixed base pay of the Corporate 
Executive Committee 2025
Ratio of variable remuneration components (bonuses, S-SARs and RSUs) in % of value of fixed base pay
STI (variable)  LTI (long-term)
(total: 133.33% **)
Criteria  Bonus S-SARs (80% of total LTI) RSUs (20% of total LTI)
Individual target value  * 100% 106.66% ** 26.66% **
Minimum 0% 0% 0%
Maximum 200% 106.66% 26.66%
Performance criteria Group objectives (Group and divisional business 
performance) and individual objectives; considering core 
profits, sales growth at constant exchange rates, 
development of Operating Profit After Capital Charge 
(OPACC) based on core operating profit, core earnings 
per share and non-voting equity security (NES) growth at 
constant exchange rates, product development pipeline, 
employee engagement and environmental goals
Value development 
determined by 
performance of 
NES after grant 
Value development 
determined by 
performance (plus 
a value adjustment 
for dividends) of 
NES after grant
Split in % 
a) Group objectives
b) Individual objectives
 
70%  
30%
 
n/a  
n/a 
 
n/a  
n/a 
Weighting criteria / 
Decision on objectives
At the Remuneration Committee’s discretion  
n/a – not applicable
* Assessed in consideration of the performance of competitors and the macroeconomic development
**  Based on the already existing individual target value of the total LTI for Corporate Executive Committee members of 133.33% of a base pay measured on 1 January of a year
For all further details please refer to the following 
sections of this Remuneration Report. 9
9  See also in the Finance Report Note 32 to the Roche Group Consolidated Financial Statements (‘Related parties’, page 142) and Note 6 to the Financial 
Statements of Roche Holding Ltd (‘Equity-based compensation to the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee’, page 188).
The variable, long-term remuneration paid out to the members of the Corporate Executive Committee ranged from 61% to 66% of the total 
compensation.
3.2 Weighting (fixed / variable, long-term) of 2025 remuneration components (at target and as 
percentage of total remuneration in 2025)
Board of Directors
(including Chairman)
Corporate Executive Committee 
(including CEO Roche Group)
 fixed  variable, long-

---

and in the Finance Report, 
Notes 22 and 32 to the Roche Group Consolidated 
Financial Statements (‘Equity attributable to Roche 
shareholders’ and ‘Related parties’, pages 104 
and 142), and are listed in Note 6 to the Financial 
Statements of Roche Holding Ltd (‘Equity-based 
compensation to the Board of Directors and the 
Corporate Executive Committee’, page 188). 
The following rules on remuneration, shareholdings 
and loans for the Board of Directors (Board) and the 
Corporate Executive Committee (CEC) are set forth 
in the Articles of Incorporation (AoI) 15:
Content
Rules in AoI 15 for
Board CEC
Rules on the principles 
applicable to performance-
related pay
§ 24.1–5 § 24.2–5
Rules on the principles governing 
the allocation of equity securities, 
convertible rights and options
§ 24 § 24
Additional amount for 
payments to members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee 
appointed after the vote on 
pay at the Annual General 
Meeting of shareholders 
– § 23.5
Rules on loans, credit facilities 
and post-employment benefits
§ 24.1 and 
§ 25.1
§ 24.2 and 
§ 25.2 
Rules on the vote on pay at 
the Annual General Meeting 
§ 23 § 23
15 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/article-of-incorporation
Remuneration, shareholdings 
and loans
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report180
16 https:// www.roche.com/about/governance/article-of-incorporation
Change of control 
and defensive measures
The Articles of Incorporation contain no provisions 
on the mandatory bid rule. Swiss law applies.
There are no change-of-control clauses. Those 
components of remuneration based on Roche 
non-voting equity securities would be terminated 
in the event of an acquisition, and vesting period 
restrictions on pre-existing awards would be 
removed so that all such options could be 
exercised immediately.
Participatory rights of shareholders
The participatory rights of shareholders are defined 
in Roche’s Articles of Incorporation.16 As Roche 
shares are issued to bearer, there are no restrictions 
on admission to Annual General Meetings, with the 
exception that shares must be deposited within 
a specified period before the date of a meeting 
and an admittance card must be issued in the 
shareholder’s name as provided in § 12 of the 
Articles of Incorporation. Any shareholder can elect 
to be represented by a third party at an Annual 
General Meeting. 
The Articles of Incorporation contain no restrictions 
on the exercise of voting rights, and the only 
quorum requirements are those stipulated in § 16, in 
conformity with the Swiss Code of Obligations (CO). 
Under § 10.2 of the Articles of Incorporation, 
shareholders who, alone or together, hold at least 
0.5% of the share capital or the votes may until but 
no later than 36 days before the Annual General 
Meeting request that an item be included on the 
agenda or that a motion relating to an agenda item 
be included in the notice convening the Annual 
General Meeting. 
The rules on the issue of instructions to the 
independent proxy and rules on the electronic 
participation in the Annual General Meeting are 
laid down in the corresponding invitation to the 
Annual General Meeting and are not regulated in 
the Articles of Incorporation.
Corporate Governance | Roche 181
At the Annual General Meeting of Roche Holding Ltd 
on 25 March 2025, the shareholders voted to 
appoint KPMG AG (KPMG) as statutory auditors. 
Based on the existing legal requirements of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations (Article 730a) concerning the 
maximum term of office of seven years of the auditor 
in charge, François Rouiller has been the auditor in 
charge since the business year 2022 (information on 
how long the auditor in charge has been serving in 
this capacity is provided on page 170). 
The statutory auditors participate in Audit 
Committee meetings. They prepare written and 
oral reports on the results of their audits. The 
Audit Committee oversees and assesses the 
auditors and makes recommendations to the 
Board (for information on the authorities and 
responsibilities of the Audit Committee, see 
Article 8. 1 of the Bylaws17). 
The statutory auditors participated in all five 
meetings of the Audit Committee in 2025.
The performance of KPMG is assessed based on 
different elements such as affiliate surveys (to 
evaluate the service level at the country level), 
interviews with Roche key stakeholders and the 
self-evaluation of the KPMG internal processes 
to ensure compliance with the Federal Audit 
Oversight Authority (FAOA) Audit Committee Guide.
KPMG’s independence is ensured by limiting 
KPMG from providing certain non-audit services. 
Furthermore, permitted services cannot exceed in 
total 20% of the audit fee unless they are explicitly 
reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. 
The company has a formal policy governing the 
engagement of the statutory auditor for non-audit 
services of which limits for certain permitted other 
services are agreed by the Audit Committee. Each 
potential non-audit service engagement is reviewed 
against this policy before any authority to proceed 
is given.
The auditors have direct access to the Audit 
Committee and its chair as well as the Chief Audit 
& Risk Advisory Executive to discuss relevant issues.
The reports of the statutory auditor on the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and on the 
Financial Statements can be found on pages 163 
and 190, respectively, of the Finance Report.
KPMG received the following remuneration for their 
services as statutory auditors of Roche Holding Ltd 
and as the auditors of other Roche companies 
(including Chugai):
2025 2024
(millions of CHF)
Audit services 22.1 20.8
Audit-related services
  – Assurance 1.5 1.2
Tax services 2.2 2.1
Other services 0.2 0.2
Total 26.0 24.3
The audit fee is reviewed by the Chief Audit & Risk 
Advisory Executive and approved by the Audit 
Committee every year and takes into consideration 
changes in Roche’s business, as well as changes 
in financial reporting and audit standards and 
regulations.
The statutory auditors are elected each year by the 
Annual General Meeting.
Relationshi

---

77
2.3 Strategy, business model and value chain 80
2.4 Double materiality assessment 84
General information | Roche 75
2.1  Basis  of preparation
1  Risk Management Policy, Data Protection and Information Security, Group Directive: Business Partner Management, Roche Directive on Adequate Handling 
and Reporting of Business Ethics Incidents (BEI Directive), Directive on Mandatory Global Behaviour in Business e-Learning Programs   
2  Foundation Medicine, Inc., Flatiron Health, Inc., Flatiron Health UK Ltd, Flatiron Health GmbH, Flatiron Health K.K., Spark Therapeutics, Inc., 
Spark Therapeutics UK Ltd, Foundation Medicine GmbH, RoX Health GmbH, Roche mtm Laboratories AG
General basis of preparation of the 
Sustainability Report 
The Roche Sustainability Report (‘Sustainability 
Report’) forms part of the Roche Annual Report 
and discloses our sustainability information for 
the financial year 2025. The report includes 
mandatory disclosures based on our double 
materiality assessment. In addition to these, 
we include certain information on a voluntary 
basis on topics that have not been identified 
as material.
In accordance with the Swiss Code of 
Obligations (CO), Roche publishes this 
Sustainability Report to fulfil the non-financial 
reporting requirements set out in Article 964b CO.
For climate-related information, Roche prepares 
its disclosures in line with the recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), as foreseen by the Swiss 
Ordinance on Climate Disclosures.
The CO also requires companies to comply 
with due diligence obligations relating to child 
labour and to minerals and metals from conflict-
affected areas. These obligations are further 
specified in the Swiss Ordinance on Due Diligence 
and Transparency in relation to Minerals and 
Metals from Conflict-Affected Areas and Child 
Labour (DDTrO). Roche is out of scope of the due 
diligence and reporting requirements on minerals 
and metals from conflict-affected and high-risk 
areas. Being in scope of the DDTrO on child labour, 
Roche performed a risk-based due diligence 
in accordance with Articles 964j–l CO and the 
corresponding Ordinance requirements.
The Sustainability Report has been prepared 
with reference to the European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS), in preparation for 
the mandatory reporting under the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Data 
on greenhouse gas emissions (scopes 1, 2 and 3) 
follows the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, and our 
reduction targets are validated by the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 
Scope
This Sustainability Report covers Roche Holding Ltd, 
a company registered in Switzerland, and its 
subsidiaries (‘the Group’), consistent with the 
reporting boundaries applied for the Roche 
Group Consolidated Financial Statements, unless 
otherwise stated. Certain entities are excluded 
based on materiality considerations. 
The reporting period is from 1 January to 
31 December 2025. Newly acquired entities are 
included in the scope of sustainability reporting as 
soon as reasonably practicable. This integration 
occurs once the relevant data collection and 
reporting processes are operationally implemented, 
enabling reliable and consistent reporting. Divested 
entities are excluded from the date on which 
control ceases. 
In this report, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
(‘Chugai’) is excluded from certain policies 1, 
metrics and the Roche Group speak-up channel.
LITE companies2 are excluded from selected 
metrics. These have a different human resources 
system from the one used across the wider 
Group. The integration of these entities into 
Group sustainability reporting is being addressed 
progressively as systems and processes are 
harmonised over time. 
The Sustainability Report covers upstream activities, 
own operations and selected downstream activities.
Time horizons 
Where this report references time horizons, 
we apply the following definitions in alignment 
with ESRS 1: 
• Short-term (ST): within 1 year 
• Medium-term (MT): 1 to 5 years 
• Long-term (LT): beyond 5 years
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report76
For specific topics that materialise over longer 
periods, such as our climate resilience analysis or 
our science-based targets, we use topic-specific 
time horizons.
Disclosures in relation to specific 
circumstances
Data collection and estimation
We use primary data from our operations whenever 
feasible. For certain metrics – particularly in the 
value chain – proxies, estimates or extrapolated 
data are applied when direct measurement is not 
possible or full-year data are not yet available. 
Estimates are based on documented judgements 
and assumptions and take into account historical 
trends, industry benchmarks and comparable 
data. Extrapolation is used only where patterns are 
considered stable over time.
Quality and consistency checks are applied across 
reporting entities and progressively integrated 
into our internal control processes. Due to inherent 
limitations associated with data collection, 
estimation and consolidation process, sustainability 
information may be subject to uncertainties, and 
immaterial inaccuracies may remain undetected 
despite the application of reasonable processes 
and controls. Improving data quality, including 
greater reliance on primary data from third parties, 
remains an ongoing priority. We also contribute 
to selected industry and scientific collaborations, 
such as the Value Balancing Alliance, which aim 
to enhance the consistency and comparability of 
sustainability data across value chains. 
Details of the applied methodology, including 
topic-specific assumptions and estimation methods, 
are provided in sections 3. Environment, 4. Social, 
5. Governance and 6. Human rights of this report.
Comparative information
For environmental metrics, comparative information 
from the preceding year is included where relevant, 
available and appropriate to support meaningful 
interpretation. For social and governance metrics, 
the comparative information is not include

---

impacts, risks, 
opportunities and actions, are presented in sections 
3. Environment, 4. Social, 5. Governance and 
6. Human rights of this report.
Risk management and internal controls over 
sustainability reporting
In 2025 we started the implementation of Roche’s 
Internal Control over Sustainability Reporting (ICSR) 
framework, which follows the principles of our 
established Internal Controls over Financial 
Reporting framework. Following our transition to 
sustainability reporting with reference to ESRS, the 
ICSR framework is being implemented in a phased 
approach. The framework includes a comprehensive 
risk assessment and thorough evaluation of our 
underlying data collection and reporting processes, 
supplemented by development of internal controls 
to mitigate key risks in sustainability reporting. 
Currently, it primarily focuses on material risks and 
key controls to ensure the complete and accurate 
reporting of selected metrics. 
Key risks in sustainability reporting are related 
to the completeness, availability and integrity 
of data, as well as the usage of estimated, 
extrapolated and proxy data. To mitigate these 
risks, data collection and reporting processes 
are formally designed and documented. Internal 
controls over sustainability reporting are 
implemented for data consolidation, review and 
validation processes. The Corporate Executive 
Committee and the Audit Committee are updated 
about the internal control framework and assurance 
reviews as part of the regular governance cycle. 
Furthermore, selected sustainability information in 
the Sustainability Report is also subject to limited 
assurance procedures performed by independent 
external auditors.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report80
Our value chain
The main inputs, operations and outputs of our 
value chain are illustrated in the diagram above. 
For our Pharmaceuticals Division, inputs include 
chemical and biological materials, such as active 
pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients and 
packaging. For the Diagnostics Division, inputs 
include electronic components for instruments 
and chemical and biological materials for reagents. 
Together with our business partners, we transform 
these inputs through research and development, 
manufacturing and commercialisation activities 
into medicines and diagnostic solutions for 
customers.
Through our activities along the value chain, we 
generate economic and socio-economic value by 
delivering innovative medicines and diagnostic 
solutions to patients and healthcare systems. 
These activities contribute to employment, income 
generation and improved health outcomes, thereby 
supporting productivity and economic development.  
At the same time, our operations and value chain 
have environmental impacts through emissions, 
waste and the consumption of energy and natural 
resources. These impacts and the actions we 
take to address them are described in sections 
3. Environment, 4. Social, 5. Governance and 
6. Human rights of this report.
Material impacts, risks and opportunities 
and the resilience of our strategy and 
business model
Integration with strategy and business model 
We address complex healthcare challenges by 
investing in research and development to deliver 
innovative medicines and diagnostic solutions. 
Our goal is to serve patients throughout their 
care pathway, from prevention and screening to 
diagnosis, treatment and monitoring, by translating 
scientific advancements into solutions. 
Our value chain
• Raw materials
• Equipment
• Talent
•  Knowledge  and 
intellectual property
• Purchased services
•  Manufacturing 
and quality
• Packaging
•  Contract 
manufacturing
• Patients
•  Healthcare 
professionals
•  Payers, healthcare 
systems
• Hospitals, laboratories
• Drug discovery
• Clinical trials
•  Regulatory 
process
• Marketing and sales
• Logistics
• Waste treatment
• Packaging recycling
Direct inputs Manufacturing Customers and  
end usersR&D Distribution Disposal
Upstream Own operations Downstream
General information | Roche 81
Sustainability is integral to who we are and how 
we operate. We focus where we have the greatest 
impact and have identified sustainability priorities 
related to access to innovation, people and the 
environment. These priorities are embedded across 
our value chain, from research and development to 
sourcing, manufacturing and commercialisation. 
• Access to innovation.  Advance equitable 
health outcomes so patients benefit from 
earlier detection, targeted treatment and better 
outcomes and provide new ways to bring our 
medicines and diagnostic solutions to more 
patients, faster.
• Work environment.  Foster a safe and inclusive 
workplace where people can thrive. 
• Environment.  Reduce our environmental impact, 
work across our value chain to cut emissions, 
conserve water and protect biodiversity, and 
minimise the footprint of our products and 
processes.  
These are long-term commitments guided 
by targets and metrics, and underpinned by 
established governance, as described in sections 
3. Environment, 4. Social, 5. Governance and 
6. Human rights of this report. 
Risk and opportunity management 
Our risk and opportunity management process is 
embedded at all levels of the Group and formally 
anchored in the Risk Management Policy. Divisions 
and Group functions conduct structured risk and 
opportunity assessments at least annually and 
develop response plans for their most material risks 
and opportunities. This is performed in parallel with 
business planning. Identified risks and opportunities 
are consolidated into a Group risk report, which is 
reviewed by the Corporate Executive Committee 
and the Board of Directors. Effectiveness is 
monitored by the Group Risk Advisory team. The 
overall process is reviewed by the Audit Committee 
and, where appropriate, through external review.
Complementary to the risk and opportunity 
management process, Group Risk Advisory is 
responsible for identifying and assessing social, 
environmental, economic and governance trends 
that could impact our business. This is

---

inable value and building long-term 
trust. By actively listening to stakeholder feedback, 
we gain insights that help shape our strategy and 
inform risk management. Engagement is conducted 
regularly through formal meetings, consultations 
and surveys as well as via channels such as websites 
and publications. 
The resulting insights inform every stage of our 
products’ life cycle – from early design and research 
and development to manufacturing, distribution 
and end-of-life considerations. Stakeholder input 
also guides our global business operations and 
supports our collaboration with patient communities, 
healthcare professionals and governments to 
strengthen healthcare systems and improve access 
to care.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report82
Stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder 
groups
Purpose of the engagement Main engagement channels How we reflect stakeholders’ interests 
in our work
Patients To understand patient needs and expectations, 
in line with our purpose of ‘Doing now what 
patients need next’ and to ensure that our 
medicines and diagnostic solutions address 
real-w orld healthcare challenges
The International Experience Exchange 
with Patient Organisations and other 
collaborations with patient organisations 
and advocacy groups
Insights from patient engagement inform disease 
area strategies, the design of clinical trials and the 
development of products and services. They also 
shape our policy dialogue, access approaches and 
commercialisation planning.
Employees To foster an inclusive and safe workplace that 
enables our people to thrive and develop their  
professional growth
Global Employee Opinion Survey, town halls, 
focus groups, performance reviews and 
works councils such as the Roche Europe 
Forum
Feedback from our employees is used to enhance 
employee experience, well-being initiatives and 
development programmes, and is integrated into 
leadership and organisational decisions. 
Regulatory and 
industry bodies
To contribute to policy and regulatory 
discussions that sustain innovation and improve 
access to healthcare
Regular dialogue with the authorities, 
participation in industry associations and 
contribution to consultations and health 
technology assessments
Stakeholder perspectives influence Roche’s 
positions on regulatory changes and healthcare 
policies and guide our collaborative efforts to 
strengthen healthcare systems.
Healthcare 
professionals
To ensure appropriate use of our medicines and 
diagnostic solutions and to gather feedback 
that enhances patient care
Scientific congresses, advisory boards, 
clinical trial steering committees
Insights from healthcare professionals inform 
product profiles, development plans and disease 
awareness activities, supporting responsible 
prescribing and improved patient care.
Suppliers To promote responsible business conduct, 
environmental stewardship and resilience 
across our supply chain
Supplier audits, sustainability assurance 
visits, training workshops and collaborative 
initiatives such as the Pharmaceutical 
Supply Chain Initiative 
Partnership with our suppliers supports 
improvements in supplier practices, drives 
decarbonisation efforts and strengthens compliance 
with the Roche Supplier Code of Conduct.
Communities 
and NGOs
To support local development, advance equitable 
health outcomes and strengthen social impact
Collaboration with NGOs, employee 
volunteering, donations and community 
projects, as well as long-standing 
initiatives in science, education, arts, 
culture and the environment
Engagement with communities and NGOs ensures 
that our contributions respond to local needs and 
create lasting value in health, education and the 
environment areas.
Investors To ensure transparency on our strategy, 
performance and sustainability progress, 
and to maintain long-term trust
Annual General Meeting, investor briefings 
and the Roche Annual Report
Feedback from investors informs our disclosure 
priorities and reinforces Roche’s focus on innovation, 
performance and long-term value creation.
General information | Roche 83
2.4  Double  materiality assessment
Methodology and processes  
Our double materiality assessment (DMA) 
was carried out with reference to the ESRS. 
The methodology combines an inside-out 
perspective, which considers our impacts on 
people and the environment, with an outside-in 
perspective, which assesses how sustainability 
matters affect our business model and financial 
performance. 
We focused the assessment on our own 
operations and on upstream activities covering 
first-tier suppliers, while including selected 
downstream activities. This focus reflects where 
we currently have the greatest influence and most 
reliable data. We plan to expand downstream 
coverage as systems and data quality improve, 
as we are transitioning to be fully compliant with 
the ESRS. 
Our assessment followed a bottom-up approach, 
leveraging insights from subject-matter experts 
across both divisions and Group functions. This 
internal expertise was validated and enriched 
through the integration of external benchmarks 
and industry analyses. The alignment between 
DMA outcomes and sustainability priorities is 
an ongoing process as sustainability becomes 
further embedded across the Group. 
For environmental topics, we applied impact 
valuation methods to assess the scale and 
scope of impacts. Using these methods, we 
first assessed the impact in physical units, such 
as tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions, which 
was then converted into monetary equivalents.
All identified impacts were evaluated against 
defined criteria: scale, scope, remediability 
(for negative impacts) and likelihood. Financial 
materiality was assessed separately, considering 
the potential magnitude and probability of 
financial impacts.
To determine the material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (IROs) and subtopics, we applied 
a scoring-based prioritisation method, which 
ranks the IROs by their environmental, social or 
economic impact and their financial materiality. 
Subject-matter experts validated the res

---

nsure suppliers 
meet our standards throughout the supplier life 
cycle, as described in the Roche Supplier Code of 
Conduct. These practices include risk management, 
supplier due diligence, performance monitoring 
and procedures for managing non-compliance.
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report86
Roche Directive on the Protection of 
Personal Data
The Roche Directive on the Protection of Personal 
Data safeguards the privacy rights of employees, 
patients, clinical trial participants and suppliers. 
It applies globally across all Roche companies and 
functions and sets uniform minimum standards 
for handling personal data. Third-party data 
processors must apply comparable measures.
The Roche Directive on the Protection of Personal 
Data requires that personal data are processed 
lawfully, fairly and securely. Actions must be 
supported by training programmes such as the 
Global Information Security Awareness Training 
and the Data Privacy Awareness course. It aligns 
with international data protection laws, including 
the EU GDPR. 
Safety, Security, Health and Environmental 
Protection (SHE) Policy
The Safety, Security, Health and Environmental 
Protection (SHE) Policy sets out Group-wide 
commitments to safe and healthy workplaces, 
secure operations, environmental stewardship and 
sustainable products. SHE matters are addressed 
with the same priority as quality, productivity and 
cost efficiency, with prevention embedded as a 
guiding principle.
This policy applies to all Roche companies 
and employees. We expect suppliers to 
apply comparable standards. Employees are 
required to report violations to managers 
or SHE representatives. No employee will be 
disadvantaged if they report a violation or 
demand the application of this policy.
The Safety, Security, Health and Environmental 
Protection (SHE) Policy aligns with recognised 
frameworks, including the International Chamber 
of Commerce Business Charter for Sustainable 
Development, relevant international conventions, 
ISO standards and the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals. Performance is monitored through defined 
indicators and objectives to drive continuous 
improvement in safety, security, health and 
environmental protection.
General information | Roche 87
| Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report88
Respect for the environment has always been a priority for Roche. We 
are accelerating our efforts to address our impacts across the company 
and are actively collaborating within our value chain and industry to 
make a positive contribution to the health of people and our planet.
A recrystallised thin film of the risdiplam  drug substance, viewed 
using hot-stage polarised light microscopy. The vibrant, radiating 
patterns are known as ‘spherulites’. The colours, shapes and 
thermal behaviour of these structures reveal important information 
about the drug’s crystal form, which directly impacts its stability, 
processability and bioavailability.
3. Environment
3.1 Climate change 90
3.2 Pollution 104
3.3 Water 107
3.4 Biodiversity 111
3.5 Product sustainability 114
Environment | Roche 89
At Roche, we recognise climate change as one of 
the defining challenges of our time, with profound 
implications for both planetary and human health. 
Rising temperatures, shifting disease patterns 
and extreme weather events affect the resilience 
of healthcare systems and the well-being of the 
communities we serve.
Our approach focuses on both climate change 
mitigation – by reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions and improving energy performance – 
and climate change adaptation by strengthening 
resilience across our operations and value chain. 
We embed environmental considerations into 
decision-making, guided by collaboration, such 
as our participation in the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative’s Health Systems Task Force (SMI HSTF), 
and a commitment to sustainable healthcare. 
3.1  Climate change
Material impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs)
Subtopic IRO description Type Value chain Time horizon
Climate change 
adaptation
Insufficient adaptation to physical climate risks across sites and the value 
chain may negatively influence financial performance and reputation.
Physical risk Upstream, own 
operations, downstream
ST–MT–LT
Climate change 
mitigation
GHG emissions across operations and the value chain contribute to 
climate change.
Actual negative
impact
Upstream, own 
operations, downstream
ST–MT–LT
Climate-related investments misaligned with strategy or customer needs may 
underperform and negatively affect financial performance and reputation.
Transition risk Own operations ST–MT–LT
Active employee engagement on climate action strengthens our sustainability 
culture and supports our reputation as a responsible healthcare company.
Transition 
opportunity
Own operations ST–MT
Energy Energy consumption generates emissions and pressures local grids, reducing 
reliable energy access for communities.
Actual negative
impact
Own operations ST–MT
Supplier and transport energy use generates emissions that contribute to 
climate change.
Actual negative
impact
Upstream, downstream ST–MT
Infrastructure constraints and growing energy demand may cause shortages 
affecting financial performance.
Transition risk Own operations MT
Expanding renewable energy capacity and efficiency reduces reliance on 
fossil fuels and strengthens reputation.
Transition 
opportunity
Own operations MT–LT
 | Contents Annual Review Sustainability Report Corporate Governance Remuneration Report90
Interaction of material impacts, risks 
and opportunities with strategy and 
business model
Our primary climate impact stems from GHG 
emissions across our value chain. In line 
with recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
and requirements of the European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS), we systematically 
identify and assess the resulting physical and 
transition climate-related risks and opportunities, 
including their interaction with our business 
model. This assessment process is i