consolidated income tax expense. The statutory federal corporate income tax rate in the United States is 21%, and the tax rates in Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, and India are 17%, 24%, 20%, and 17%, respectively. In Malaysia, we have been granted a tax holiday, scheduled to expire in 2027, pursuant to which substantially all of our income earned in Malaysia is exempt from income tax, conditional upon our continued compliance with certain employment and investment thresholds. In Vietnam, we have been granted a tax incentive, scheduled to expire at the end of 2036, pursuant to which income earned in Vietnam is subject to reduced tax rates, conditional upon our continued compliance with certain revenue and R&D spending thresholds. The following table shows income tax expense for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025: Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2026 2025 Three Month Change 2026 2025 Six Month Change Income tax expense $ (36,808) $ (10,299) $ (26,509) 257.4 % $ (44,523) $ (17,823) $ (26,700) 149.8 % Effective tax rate 8.0 % 2.9 % 5.5 % 3.1 % Our tax rate is affected by the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X and recurring items such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions. The rate is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given period but are not consistent from period to period. Income tax expense for the three months ended June 30, 2026 increased compared to the three months ended June 30, 2025 primarily due to (i) higher pretax income and (ii) higher global minimum tax expense. Income tax expense for the six months ended June 30, 2026 increased compared to the six months ended June 30, 2025 primarily due to (i) higher pretax income, (ii) higher global minimum tax expense, and (iii) lower excess tax benefits associated with compensation. 46 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of reported assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Some of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment in the selection of the appropriate assumptions for making these estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. We base our judgments and estimates on our historical experience, our forecasts, and other available information, as appropriate. We believe the judgments and estimates involved in accrued solar module collection and recycling, product warranties, and government grants have the greatest potential impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future results of operations will be affected. For a description of the accounting policies that require the most significant judgment and estimates in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Except as discussed in Note 1. “Basis of Presentation” to our condensed consolidated financial statements, there have been no material changes to our accounting policies during the six months ended June 30, 2026. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement — Reporting Comprehensive Income — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses , which requires additional disclosure of specific types of expenses included in the expense captions presented on the face of the income statement. ASU 2024-03 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted, but we do not expect to do so. The disclosure requirements will be applied on a prospective basis, with the option to apply retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2024-03 will have on our associated disclosures. In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832) - Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities , to establish guidance on the recognition, measurement, and presentation of government grants received by business entities, which largely codifies our current approach to accounting for such grants. ASU 2025-10 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2028 and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. We adopted this standard on a modified prospective basis effective January 1, 2026. The adoption did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements or associated disclosures. In May 2026, the FASB issued ASU 2026-02, Environmental Credits and Environmental Credit Obligations (Topic 818) , which establishes guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of environmental credits and related obligations. The standard introduces a comprehensive framework that requires entities to recognize and measure environmental credits based on the intended use of those credits and how those credits are obtained, which is expected to reduce diversity in practice. ASU 2026-02 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2026-02 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and associated disclosures. 47 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of June 30, 2026, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flows from operating activities, and contracts with customers for the future sale of solar modules will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. In addition, we have significant availability under our Credit Facility, as well as various trade receivables factoring arrangements with financial institutions. In May 2026, we satisfied all obligations under the India Credit Facility by prepaying the final principal amount of $328.2 million and outstanding interest of $5.5 million. For more information about these facilities, see Note 9. “Debt.” To the extent we offer extended payment terms to customers, fail to collect trade receivables in a timely manner, or face other challenges in managing our working capital, we may be required to use our Credit Facility or other temporary sources of funding. As necessary, we also believe we will have adequate access to the capital markets. We monitor our working capital to ensure we have adequate liquidity, both domestically and internationally. We intend to maintain appropriate debt levels based upon cash flow expectations, our overall cost of capital, and expected cash requirements for operations, including expansion activities in the United States. However, our ability to raise capital on terms commercially acceptable to us could be constrained if there is insufficient lender or investor interest due to , , or broader market concerns. Any incremental debt financing could result in increased debt service expenses and/or restrictive covenants, which could limit our ability to pursue our strategic plans. As of June 30, 2026, we had $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared to $2.9 billion as of December 31, 2025. This decrease was primarily driven by (i) higher payments made to suppliers, (ii) investments in working capital, (iii) purchases of property, plant and equipment for our U.S. facilities, and (iv) repayment of debt, partially offset by (v) Section 45X cash receipts from the U.S. Department of the Treasury, (vi) proceeds from the sale of Section 45X tax credits, and (vii) IEEPA tariff refunds received. As of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, $0.4 billion and $0.5 billion of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, respectively, were held by our foreign subsidiaries and were primarily based in U.S. dollar, Euro, and Indian rupee denominated holdings. Our investment policy seeks to preserve our investment principal and maintain adequate liquidity to meet our cash flow requirements, while at the same time optimizing the return on our investments. Pursuant to such policy, we place our investments with a diversified group of financial institutions and limit the concentration of such investments with any one counterparty. We place significant emphasis on the creditworthiness of financial institutions and assess the credit ratings and financial health of our counterparty financial institutions when making investment decisions. We use a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. If certain international funds were needed for our operations in the United States, we may be required to accrue and pay certain U.S. and foreign taxes to repatriate such funds. We maintain the intent and ability to permanently reinvest our accumulated earnings outside the United States, with the exception of certain subsidiaries for which applicable income taxes have been recorded as of June 30, 2026. In addition, changes to foreign government banking regulations may restrict our ability to move funds among various jurisdictions under certain circumstances, which could negatively impact our access to capital, resulting in an adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. 48 Table of Contents Our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. For example, the financial incentives provided by the IRA have significantly increased demand for modules manufactured in the United States, and we expect the benefits made available to us by the IRA to favorably impact our liquidity and capital resources in future periods. We expect to qualify for the advanced manufacturing production credit under Section 45X of the IRC, which provides certain specified benefits for solar modules and solar module components manufactured in the United States and sold to third parties. Such credit may be refundable by the IRS or transferable to a third party and is available from 2023 to 2032, subject to phase down beginning in 2030. Based on the current form factor of our modules, we believe we qualify for a credit of approximately 17 cents per watt for each module fully produced in the United States and sold to a third party. Accordingly, we expect the advanced manufacturing production credit will provide us with a significant source of funding throughout its remaining period. For more information about certain risks associated with the benefits available to us under the IRA, see Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. See Note 5. “Government Grants” to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information about government grants. As a result of various market opportunities and increased domestic demand for our products, we recently commenced operations at our fifth manufacturing facility in the United States. We are in the process of further expanding our domestic manufacturing capacity, including the construction of our sixth U.S. manufacturing facility in South Carolina to onshore final production processes for modules initiated by our international fleet, with the first phase expected to commence operations in the second half of 2026. We expect our investment in this U.S. facility to be approximately $0.3 billion. The capital expenditures necessary to expand our capacity may be financed, in part, by cash on hand, advance payments from customers for module sales in future periods, and the advanced manufacturing production credit described above. During 2026, we expect to spend between $0.8 billion and $1.0 billion for capital expenditures, including the new facility mentioned above, investments in various R&D initiatives, and upgrades to machinery and equipment. These capital investments, and any other potential investments to implement our technology roadmap, may require significant internal and possibly external sources of capital, and may be subject to certain risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. We have committed and expect to continue to commit significant working capital to purchase various raw materials used in our module manufacturing process. Our failure to obtain raw materials and components that meet our quality, quantity, and cost requirements in a timely manner could increase our manufacturing costs or interrupt or impair our ability to manufacture our solar modules. Accordingly, we may enter into supply agreements to mitigate potential risks related to the procurement of key raw materials and components, and such agreements may be noncancelable or cancelable with a significant penalty. For example, we have entered into supply agreements for the purchase of certain specified minimum volumes of substrate glass for our PV solar modules. We have the right to terminate certain of these agreements upon payment of specified termination payments (which, in aggregate, are up to approximately $300 million as of June 30, 2026 and decline over the remaining supply periods). Additionally, for certain strategic suppliers, we have made, and may in the future be required to make, certain advance payments to secure the raw materials necessary for our module manufacturing. We have also committed certain financial resources to fulfill our solar module collection and recycling obligations and have established a trust under which these funds are put into custodial accounts with an established and reputable bank. As of June 30, 2026, such funds were comprised of restricted marketable securities of $214.3 million and associated restricted cash and cash equivalents of $10.5 million. As of June 30, 2026, our module collection and recycling liability was $144.8 million. Trust funds may be disbursed for qualified module collection and recycling costs (including capital and facility related recycling costs), payments to customers for assuming collection and recycling obligations, and reimbursements of any overfunded amounts. Investments in the trust must meet certain investment quality criteria comparable to highly rated government or agency bonds. As necessary, we adjust the funded amounts for our estimated collection and recycling obligations based on the estimated costs of 49 Table of Contents collecting and recycling covered modules, estimated rates of return on our restricted marketable securities, and an estimated solar module life of 25 years, less amounts already funded in prior years. As of June 30, 2026, we had no sheet debt or similar obligations, other than financial assurance related instruments, which are not classified as debt. We do not guarantee any debt. See Note 11. “Commitments and Contingencies” to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information about our financial assurance related instruments. Cash Flows The following table summarizes key cash flow activity for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 (in thousands): Six Months Ended June 30, 2026 2025 Net cash used in operating activities $ (359,767) $ (458,405) Net cash used in investing activities (291,596) (350,203) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (463,948) 346,999 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents 3,812 3,469 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents $ (1,111,499) $ (458,140) Operating Activities The decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by higher cash receipts from module sales, including advance payments for future sales, and Section 45X cash receipts from the U.S. Department of the Treasury, partially offset by lower proceeds from the sale of Section 45X tax credits, higher payments made to suppliers in the current period, and receipts from factoring trade receivables in the prior period. Investing Activities The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to lower purchases of property, plant and equipment for our manufacturing facilities in the United States, partially offset by higher net purchases of marketable securities. Financing Activities The increase in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to higher repayments of debt in the current period and higher proceeds from secured borrowings from trade receivables factoring with recourse in the prior period. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk There have been no material changes to the information previously provided under Item 7A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 50 Table of Contents Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures” as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of June 30, 2026 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting We also carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of our “internal control over financial reporting” as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) to determine whether any changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the three months ended June 30, 2026 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, there were no such changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended June 30, 2026. CEO and CFO Certifications We have attached as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with the Exchange Act. We recommend that this Item 4. be read in conjunction with those certifications for a more complete understanding of the subject matter presented. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls Control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems’ objectives are being met. Further, the design of any system of controls must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of all controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of error or mistake. Control systems can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 51 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings JinkoSolar On February 25, 2025, First Solar filed suit in the district court for the District of Delaware asserting that JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd.; Jinko Solar Co., Ltd.; Jinko Solar (Vietnam) Industries Co. Ltd.; Jinko Solar Technology Sdn. Bhd.; Zhejiang Jinko Solar Co., Ltd.; JinkoSolar (U.S.) Holding Inc.; JinkoSolar (U.S.) Inc.; Jinko Solar (U.S.) Manufacturing Inc.; and Jinko Solar (U.S.) Industries Inc. (collectively, “JinkoSolar”) directly and indirectly infringe a First Solar patent through JinkoSolar’s manufacture, import, use, sale, and offering for sale of certain tunnel oxide passivated contact (“TOPCon”) solar products. First Solar alleges that the JinkoSolar TOPCon products contain solar cells manufactured using a method claimed in the patent. First Solar seeks both monetary damages and injunctive relief. On June 27, 2025, JinkoSolar filed an answer to the complaint and counterclaims asserting that the is not valid and that it is not infringed by JinkoSolar. On July 18, 2025, First Solar filed an answer to the counterclaims. On April 2, 2026, the case was stayed until the determination of the USITC in Investigation No. 337-TA 1494 becomes final. On July 18, 2025, JinkoSolar Co. Ltd. filed an inter partes review before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”) alleging First Solar’s patent asserted in the District of Delaware litigation (the “’074 Patent”) is invalid over certain prior art. On September 29, 2025, First Solar filed a brief requesting that the inter partes review be discretionarily denied. On November 20, 2025, the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board declined the petition, ending the proceeding. On December 15, 2025, JinkoSolar filed a petition for an ex parte reexamination of First Solar’s ‘074 patent. On February 3, 2026, the USPTO granted the request for ex parte reexamination. On April 3, 2026, First Solar filed a petition to terminate the ex parte reexamination. Mundra On April 15, 2025, Mundra Solar PV Limited (“Mundra”) filed suit in the district court of the District of Delaware seeking declaratory judgment that it does not infringe two of First Solar’s patents (the ’074 Patent and the ’732 Patent) through its manufacture, import, use, sale, and offering for sale of certain TOPCon solar products. On August 1, 2025, First Solar filed an answer to the complaint and pleaded counterclaims alleging that Mundra as well as its affiliates Mundra Solar Energy Ltd., Adani Solar USA Inc., Adani Solar USA LLC, and Adani Solar infringe the two First Solar patents. On September 22, 2025, Mundra filed an answer to First Solar’s counterclaims and added counterclaims asserting that the First Solar patents are invalid. On October 3, 2025, Adani Solar USA Inc. and Adani Solar USA LLC (collectively, “Adani Solar USA”) filed a motion to dismiss First Solar’s counterclaims with respect to Adani Solar USA. On October 8, 2025, First Solar filed an answer to Mundra’s counterclaims. First Solar filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss on October 17, 2025, and Adani Solar USA filed a reply brief on October 24, 2025. On March 27, 2026, the case was stayed until the determination of the USITC in Investigation No. 337-TA 1494 becomes final. On August 15, 2025, Mundra filed an inter partes review before the USPTO alleging that First Solar’s ’732 Patent is invalid over certain prior art. On October 17, 2025, First Solar filed a brief requesting that the inter partes review be discretionarily denied. On December 11, 2025, the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board declined the petition, ending the proceeding. On December 19, 2025, Mundra filed a petition for an ex parte reexamination of First Solar’s ‘074 patent. On February 10, 2026, the USPTO granted the request for ex parte reexamination. On April 10, 2026, First Solar filed a petition to terminate the ex parte reexamination. 52 Table of Contents Canadian Solar On May 9, 2025, First Solar filed suit in the district court for the District of Delaware asserting that Canadian Solar Inc.; CSI Solar Co., Ltd.; Canadian Solar Manufacturing (Thailand) Co., Ltd.; Canadian Solar International Limited; Canadian Solar (USA) Inc.; and Canadian Solar US Module Manufacturing Corporation (collectively, “Canadian Solar”) directly and indirectly infringe a First Solar patent through Canadian Solar’s manufacture, import, use, sale, and offering for sale of certain TOPCon solar products. First Solar alleges that the Canadian Solar TOPCon products contain solar cells manufactured using a method claimed in the patent. First Solar seeks both monetary damages and injunctive relief. On August 11, 2025, Canadian Solar filed an answer to the complaint. On July 30, 2026, the case was stayed until the determination of the USITC in Investigation No. 337-TA 1494 becomes final. On August 22, 2025, Canadian Solar (USA) Inc. filed an inter partes review before the USPTO alleging that First Solar’s ’074 Patent is invalid over certain prior art. On October 24, 2025, First Solar filed a brief requesting that the inter partes review be discretionarily denied. On December 18, 2025, the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board declined the petition, ending the proceeding. Trina Solar On February 27, 2026, First Solar filed suit in the district court for the District of Delaware asserting that Trina Solar Co., Ltd.; Trina Solar (U.S.) Inc.; Trina Solar Energy Development Company Ltd.; Trina Solar Science & Technology (Thailand) Ltd.; Changzhou Trina Solar Energy Co., Ltd.; and Trina Solar Yiwu Technology Co., Ltd. (collectively, “Trina Solar”) directly and indirectly infringe a First Solar patent through Trina Solar’s manufacture, import, use, sale, and offering for sale of certain TOPCon solar products. First Solar alleges that the Trina Solar TOPCon products contain solar cells manufactured using a method claimed in the patent. First Solar seeks both monetary damages and injunctive relief. On March 31, 2026 the case was stayed until the determination of the USITC in Investigation No. 337-TA 1494 becomes final. USITC Proceeding On February 24, 2026, First Solar filed a petition with the USITC asserting that entities affiliated with Axitec Solar, Canadian Solar, JA Solar, JinkoSolar, Mundra, Philadelphia Solar, Hanwha QCells, Runergy, Trina Solar, and VSUN (collectively, the “Respondents”) directly and indirectly infringe a First Solar patent through the importation and sale of certain TOPCon solar products. First Solar alleges that the Respondents’ TOPCon solar products contain solar cells manufactured using a method claimed in the patent. First Solar seeks a general exclusion order preventing the importation of infringing TOPCon solar products made by any foreign entity or, in the alternative seeks a limited exclusion order preventing the importation of infringing TOPCon products by the Respondents. In addition, First Solar seeks a order preventing the sale of infringing TOPCon products that were previously imported. On March 25, 2026, the USITC instituted an investigation, Investigation No. 337-TA 1494, as requested by First Solar’s petition. On April 14, 2026, BYD America LLC (“BYD”) filed a motion to intervene as a respondent in the investigation. On April 27, 2026, BYD’s motion was granted. On April 28, 2026, Tesla filed a motion to intervene as a respondent in the investigation. On May 11, 2026, Tesla’s motion was granted. On May 29, 2026, IC Star Solar (USA) LLC (“Imperial Star”) filed a motion to intervene as a respondent to the investigation. On June 25, 2026, the administrative law judge (“ALJ”) issued an initial determination granting Imperial Star’s motion to intervene. The USITC has until July 27, 2026 to review the ALJ’s initial determination. The hearing is scheduled to commence on February 16, 2027. A preliminary ruling is expected in May 2027 and a final ruling in September 2027. 53 Table of Contents Customer Contract Dispute On September 30, 2025, First Solar filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York asserting that BP Solar Holding LLC and its affiliate Lightsource Renewable Energy Trading, LLC (together, the “Defendants”) breached their contractual obligations with First Solar, having entered into various master supply agreements to purchase solar modules from First Solar and then refusing to pay the amounts owed under the master supply agreements. As a result of the failure to cure such breaches, First Solar terminated the various master supply agreements, which triggered certain contractual termination payment provisions amounting to $384.6 million, of which First Solar recognized $61.0 million in revenue during the quarter related to advance payments previously received from the Defendants. First Solar seeks monetary damages, demanding payment from the Defendants for the remaining termination payments of $323.6 million along with certain other receivables for solar modules previously delivered to the Defendants. The Defendants’ answers to the complaint were filed on December 5, 2025, which included denials of First Solar’s claims and a series of counterclaims related to the performance of modules previously sold to Defendants and claimed breaches of existing contracts. Defendants’ have demanded damages in the amount of $175 million plus the return of $15 million credit support taken by First Solar. We do not believe the Defendants have a legal basis for these counterclaims. On February 10, 2026, First Solar filed and served a motion seeking dismissal of each of the Defendants’ counterclaims. Oral argument of the Motion to Dismiss has been scheduled for July 29, 2026. See Note 11. “Commitments and Contingencies” under the heading “Legal Proceedings” of our condensed consolidated financial statements for other legal proceedings and related matters. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Except for the risk factors set forth below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The modification, reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, eligibility limitations, tax incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for solar electricity applications, or the impact of other public policies, such as tariffs or other trade remedies imposed on solar cells and modules or related raw materials or equipment, have impacted, and in the future could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. Although we believe that solar energy will experience widespread adoption in those applications where it competes economically with traditional forms of energy without any incentive programs, in certain markets our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. Federal, state, and local governmental bodies in many countries have provided subsidies in the form of structures, rebates, tax incentives, and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators, and manufacturers of PV solar products. Many of these incentive programs expire, phase down over time, require renewal by the applicable authority, or may be amended. To the extent government incentive programs are reduced earlier than previously expected, are changed retroactively, or are not renewed, such changes could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results. 54 Table of Contents Current regulatory policies, or any future changes or threatened changes to such policies, may subject us to significant risks, including the following: • a reduction or removal of certain energy programs and initiatives and the incentives they provide may diminish the market for future solar energy agreements, slow the retirement of aging fossil fuel plants, including the retirements of coal generation plants, and reduce the ability for solar project developers to compete for agreements, which may reduce PV solar module sales; • any limitations on the value or availability to manufacturers or potential investors of tax incentives that benefit solar energy production, sales, or projects, such as the Section 45X advanced manufacturing production credit, ITC, and PTC, as seen in the accelerated termination of certain energy tax credits under the “One Big Beautiful Bill” the U.S. President signed into law on July 4, 2025, could result in reducing such manufacturers’ or investors’ economic returns and could cause a reduction in the availability of financing, thereby reducing demand for PV solar modules; • any incentives contingent upon domestic production of modules, such as tax incentives set forth under the IRA, could limit our ability to sell modules manufactured in certain foreign jurisdictions, which may adversely impact our module average selling prices and could require us to record significant charges to earnings should we determine that the manufacturing facilities and equipment in such foreign jurisdictions are impaired; and • any effort to overturn federal and state laws, regulations, or policies that are supportive of solar energy generation or that remove costs or other limitations on other types of electricity generation that compete with solar energy projects could negatively impact our ability to compete with traditional forms of electricity generation and materially and adversely affect our business. Application of trade laws may also adversely impact, either directly or indirectly, our operating results; for example, by impacting our customers’ project costs, profitability, and their demand for our modules; or by impacting our own costs or disrupting our manufacturing or supply chains, and consequently negatively impacting demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, reducing our net sales, or affecting potential profitability of fulfilling customer contracts. We are therefore potentially subject to various risks, which include the following: • any tariffs that reduce the profitability of contracts, whereby the cost of tariffs exceeds the amount able to be, or willing to be, absorbed by either us or the customer under the provisions of the contract and may lead to us or the customer cancelling such contract, potentially resulting in the reduction of future revenue, the loss of the contractual right to a termination payment from the customer, and potentially the required return of a previously received customer down payment; • any reciprocal or other tariffs may place burdens on our customers’ supply chains exclusive of module import costs, including through increased costs of trackers, inverters, transformers, and other imported equipment, which are often heavily dependent on Chinese supply chains. These and other costs could result in an inability for certain projects to generate profitable returns, and may lead to the delay or abandonment of such projects, thereby reducing or removing demand for currently contracted PV module sales; and • any reduction in our ability to profitably import modules from our international manufacturing locations as a result of tariffs or other trade laws could lead to us significantly reducing capacity utilization at certain international manufacturing facilities. Such underutilization may lead to potential impairment of certain international equipment and facilities and may also increase our selling costs and reduce our competitiveness in the market, thereby reducing demand for our modules. 55 Table of Contents In some instances, the application of trade laws is currently beneficial to us, and changes in their application could have an adverse impact. The overall impact of trade laws on our business depends on multiple factors, including their duration, their scope and potential expansion thereof, enforcement, retaliatory measures by impacted exporting countries, inflationary effects and broader macroeconomic responses, changes to consumer purchasing behavior, and the effectiveness of our responses in managing these impacts. Recent developments include the following: • United States — IEEPA Tariffs . In 2025, the U.S. President imposed a series of tariffs on nearly all U.S. trading partners pursuant to the IEEPA. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful. President Trump responded immediately by revoking the IEEPA tariff actions and imposing new global tariffs pursuant to Section 122 of 10% for a period of no more than 150 days, which terminated on July 24, 2026, at which time the USTR implemented a final action under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, to impose tariffs on 60 countries related to the failure to impose and effectively enforce a prohibition on the importation of goods produced with forced labor. The USTR imposed an effective tariff of 10% on several countries, including Malaysia, India, and the EU, and an effective tariff of 12.5% on the remaining countries, including China and Vietnam. The USTR is also conducting several additional Section 301 investigations, including an investigation of structural excess capacity and production in manufacturing in 16 countries. These investigations could result in additional tariffs on imports from China, the EU, India, Malaysia, and Vietnam. Tariffs have increased the costs of our solar modules manufactured in these countries with respect to our U.S. market. Further, such circumstances have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to sell certain modules into the United States and therefore may continue to also impact the operational status of certain of our international manufacturing facilities. As a result, our operating results may continue to be adversely impacted by these tariffs. • United States — Additional Tariffs on Certain Chinese Imports . The United States currently imposes tariffs on various articles imported from China, including tariffs of 50% on crystalline silicon solar cells and tariffs of 25% on modules, based on an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. In 2025, the U.S. President imposed an additional 10% tariff on all imports from China, related to the national security threat posed by China’s trade in fentanyl and other illegal narcotics and a 10% reciprocal tariff on China, effective until November 10, 2026, under IEEPA. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the IEEPA tariffs unlawful, and President Trump immediately revoked the IEEPA tariff actions, including the additional tariffs on China, and replaced them with a new 10% global tariff pursuant to Section 122. On July 24, 2026, the USTR imposed a 12.5% tariff on China pursuant to Section 301 related to failure to effectively enforce a prohibition on the importation of goods produced with forced labor. Our operating results could be adversely impacted by revocation of the IEEPA tariffs on China. • United States — Port Fees on Certain Chinese Vessel Operators and Chinese Vessel Owners. On April 17, 2025, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative published a notice of final action based on an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 into China’s targeting of the maritime, logistics, and shipbuilding sectors for dominance. The action imposes new port fees on Chinese vessel operators and/or Chinese vessel owners as well as on operators of vessels beginning on October 14, 2025. The level of fees is on a sliding scale per net ton or, in the case of operators, the higher of a net ton or fee. Effective November 10, 2025, however, the United States suspended implementation of such action for one year. Once implemented, such fees may impact our logistics services and consequently impact our profitability and results of operations. 56 Table of Contents • United States — Tariffs on Certain Aluminum, Steel, Copper, Timber and Lumber. Effective June 4, 2025, the U.S. President increased tariffs on imported aluminum and steel articles under Section 232 from 25% to 50%. Effective August 1, 2025, the U.S. President imposed tariffs of 50% on copper under Section 232. Effective October 14, 2025, the U.S. President imposed tariffs of 10% on imported softwood timber and lumber products under Section 232. Effective April 6, 2026, the U.S. President modified the Section 232 tariffs on aluminum, steel, and copper to apply at a rate of 50% to the full value of primary metal articles; 25% to the full value of derivative articles; and to remove certain products from the scope of Section 232 tariffs. Such tariffs and policies, or any other U.S. or global trade remedies or other trade barriers, may directly or indirectly affect U.S. or global markets for solar energy and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • United States — Potential Tariffs on Processed Critical Minerals and Derivative Products, Polysilicon, Robotics and Industrial Machinery. On April 22, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine the effects on the national security of imports of processed critical minerals, as well as their derivative products, under Section 232; on July 1, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated a Section 232 investigation to determine whether imports of polysilicon and its derivatives impair U.S. national security; and on September 2, 2025, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce initiated an investigation to determine the effects on the national security of imports of robotics and industrial machinery under Section 232. The scope of these investigations is potentially broad and may cover materials and equipment used in solar module manufacturing. These investigations may result in the imposition of tariffs or import restrictions, or may remove barriers on the imports of competitor products and materials, all of which could negatively impact demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth, lead to a reduction in our net sales, or increase our costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. • United States — Antidumping and Countervailing Duties on Certain Imported Crystalline Silicon PV Cells and Modules. The United States currently imposes AD/CVDs on certain imported crystalline silicon PV cells and modules from China and Taiwan. Such AD/CVDs can change over time pursuant to annual administrative reviews conducted by the USDOC, and a decline in duty rates or USDOC failure to fully enforce U.S. AD/CVD laws could have an adverse impact on our operating results. In August 2023, the USDOC issued final affirmative circumvention rulings, finding that solar modules completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam using parts and components produced in China circumvent the AD/CVD orders on China. Such duties apply to circumventing imports on or after June 6, 2024, as well as any circumventing imports prior to that date that were not used or installed on or before December 3, 2024. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if the USDOC and other U.S. government agencies do not enforce the affirmative circumvention rulings as expected or if pending litigation challenges result in a modification of the rulings. Conversely, effective enforcement could positively impact our operating results. 57 Table of Contents • United States — Antidumping and Countervailing Duties on Certain Traded Solar Products. In April 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, which includes First Solar, filed a set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the USITC to impose duties on certain unfairly traded solar products from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. On April 21, 2025, the USDOC announced final determinations in the AD/CVD investigations. Final AD/CVD rates ranged from de minimis to over 3,400%, depending on the particular foreign producer. On June 9, 2025, the USITC notified USDOC of its final affirmative determinations in the AD/CVD investigations. AD/CVD orders, including the assessment of AD/CVDs and suspension of liquidation of such products, were issued on June 9, 2025. On July 17, 2025, the Alliance for American Solar Manufacturing and Trade filed another set of AD/CVD petitions with the USDOC and the USITC to impose duties on unfairly traded crystalline silicon solar products from India, Indonesia, and Laos. In August 2025, the USITC issued affirmative preliminary determinations. The USDOC issued its preliminary countervailing duty determinations in February 2026, calculating subsidy rates of 125.87% for India; up to 143.30% for Indonesia; and 80.67% for Laos. The USDOC issued its preliminary antidumping duty determinations in April 2026, calculating subsidy rates of 123.04% for India, 35.17% for Indonesia, and 33.57% for Laos. • India — Domestic and Foreign Imports. The ALMM was introduced in 2021 as a barrier to incentivize domestic manufacturing of PV modules by approving the list of models and manufacturers who can participate in certain solar development projects. The ALMM is approved by the MNRE, and any modifications to the ALMM and its application may affect future investments in solar module manufacturing in India. In April 2024, the government of India reimposed the ALMM, thereby requiring solar project developers to procure qualifying modules from companies on the list, which includes our Indian manufacturing facility. Also in April 2024, the ALMM was amended to include specific minimum conversion efficiency thresholds for CdTe solar technologies starting at 18% for solar lighting, 18.5% for rooftop applications, and 19% for applications. In December 2024, the ALMM was amended to require nearly all solar development projects to use PV modules that contain domestically manufactured solar cells, which is expected to be effective for such projects completed on or after June 2026; in August 2025, the relevant list of qualifying entities was released, which included First Solar as an approved manufacturer. In September 2025, the MNRE released draft amendments that would require nearly all solar development projects to use PV modules that contain domestically manufactured wafers, which is expected to be effective for such projects completed on or after June 2028; the proposed list was released at that time, which included First Solar as an approved manufacturer. In November 2025, the MNRE released a draft proposal that would increase the minimum efficiency of PV modules for manufacturers to be included in the ALMM beginning in 2027. If enacted, the proposal would negatively impact our ability to sell modules within the Indian market. Our operating results could also be adversely impacted if the ALMM requirements are significantly relaxed to allow modules, solar cells, or certain other key module components to be imported from other countries. • India — Import Duty Tariffs. In April 2022, the Indian government began imposing import duty tariffs of 40% on solar modules and 25% on solar cells. In connection with such April 2022 tariffs, the Indian government also implemented a regulation mandating that any solar project with federal utility, state utility, or commercial and industrial that interconnects through government owned transmission lines only use solar modules from manufacturers included in the ALMM, and a requirement that all federal procurement of solar modules be only from cells and modules produced domestically. However, in February 2025, the Indian government began imposing import duty tariffs of 20% each on solar modules and cells and levied additional tax on certain commercial agricultural production, which included a tax of 20% on solar modules and 7.5% on solar cells. Therefore, the aggregate impact on the import of solar modules and cells is 40% and 27.5%, respectively. 58 Table of Contents These examples show that established markets for PV solar development face uncertainties arising from policy, regulatory, and governmental actions. While the expected potential of the markets we are targeting is significant, policy promulgation and market development are especially vulnerable to governmental inertia, political instability, changing government policy and priorities, the imposition or lowering of trade remedies and other trade barriers, geopolitical risk, fossil fuel subsidization, potentially stringent localization requirements, and limited available infrastructure. Any negative impacts from changes in policy, regulatory, and governmental actions could negatively affect our business, reduce our net sales, profitability and/or market share, and consequently affect our results of operations, prospects, and financial condition. Our failure to protect or successfully commercialize our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against allegations of infringement may be costly. Protection of our proprietary processes, methods, and other technology is critical to our business. Failure to protect and monitor the use of our existing intellectual property rights or to successfully commercialize future intellectual property rights could result in the loss of valuable technologies. We rely primarily on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We regularly file patent applications to protect certain inventions arising from our R&D and are currently pursuing such patent applications in various countries in accordance with our strategy for intellectual property. Our existing patents and future patents could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or rendered unenforceable. Our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents, or if patents are issued to us, such patents may not be sufficient to provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. We also rely on unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation, and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. Although we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our associates and third parties to protect our intellectual property, such confidentiality agreements are limited in duration and could be breached and may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or proprietary manufacturing expertise. Adequate remedies may not be available in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. In addition, others may obtain knowledge of our trade secrets through independent development or legal means. The failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, equipment, technology, trade secrets, and proprietary manufacturing expertise, methods, and compounds could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, especially any developing countries into which we may expand our operations. In some countries, we have not applied for patent, trademark, or copyright protection. 59 Table of Contents Third parties may infringe or misappropriate our proprietary technologies or other intellectual property rights, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. Additionally, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. For example, on February 25, 2025, we filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against JinkoSolar and its related entities alleging infringement of certain of our U.S. TOPCon patents. On April 15, 2025, Mundra, whose parent corporation is Adani Green Technology Limited, filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware seeking a judgment declaring that it has not infringed two of our U.S. TOPCon patents. On May 9, 2025, we filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against Canadian Solar and its related entities alleging infringement of certain of our U.S. TOPCon patents. On February 27, 2026, we filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against Trina Solar and its related entities alleging infringement of certain of our U.S. TOPCon patents. Further, on February 24, 2026, we filed a petition with the USITC asserting that entities affiliated with Axitec Solar, Canadian Solar, JA Solar, JinkoSolar, Mundra, Philadelphia Solar, Hanwha QCells, Runergy, Trina Solar, and VSUN directly and indirectly infringe a First Solar patent through the importation and sale of certain TOPCon solar products. We cannot ensure that the outcome of such litigation will be in our favor, and such litigation may be costly and may divert management attention and other resources away from our business. An adverse determination in any such litigation or the related ex parte reexaminations may impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business, prospects, and reputation. In addition, we have no insurance coverage against such litigation costs and would have to bear all costs arising from such litigation to the extent we are unable to recover them from other parties. Item 5. Other Information From time to time, our directors and officers may adopt plans for the purchase or sale of our securities. Such plans may be designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act or may constitute 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). During the three months ended June 30, 2026, none of our officers or directors terminated Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or adopted or terminated 10b5-1 trading arrangements. However, certain of our officers adopted Rule 10b5-1 trading plans for the sale of our securities. The following table provides certain terms of such plans: Name Position Action Adoption Date Expiration Date Aggregate Number of Securities to be Sold (1) Markus Gloeckler Chief Technology Officer Adoption May 4, 2026 November 5, 2026 5,854 Michael Koralewski Chief Supply Chain Officer Adoption May 4, 2026 November 13, 2026 7,000 Jason Dymbort General Counsel & Secretary Adoption May 12, 2026 October 30, 2026 4,700 Kuntal Kumar Verma Chief Manufacturing Officer Adoption May 27, 2026 November 13, 2026 2,000 —————————— (1) Represents the gross number of shares subject to the Rule 10b5-1(c) plan, excluding the potential effect of shares withheld for taxes. 60 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of First Solar, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First Solar, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 25, 2006) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of First Solar, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to First Solar, Inc.’s Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2024) 10.1* Form of Grant Notice for 2026-2028 E xecutive Performance Eq uity Plan 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002 32.1 † Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 —————————— * Filed herewith. † Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filings. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. FIRST SOLAR, INC. Date: July 30, 2026 By: /s/ NATHAN THEURER Name: Nathan Theurer Title: Chief Accounting Officer 61