Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On February 13, 2026, First Solar, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”), among the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto (the “Lenders”), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Administrative Agent”). The Credit Agreement provides the Company with a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) in an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000,000, with a of $450,000,000 available for the issuance of letters of credit. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are available for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Subject to receipt of commitments from one or more debt financing sources and certain other conditions, the Company has the right to increase the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility by an additional $1,000,000,000. The Company may request up to two extensions of the Credit Facility. Prior to the Investment Grade Ratings Trigger Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement), borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company’s option, (i) the Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin of 1.000% to 1.500% based on the Company’s Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or (ii) the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.500% based on the Company’s Net Leverage Ratio. If the Investment Grade Ratings Trigger Date occurs, then on and after such date, if the Company elects to switch to a pricing system, borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company’s option, (i) the Term SOFR Rate plus a margin of 1.000% to 1.750% based on the Company’s Public Debt Rating (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or (ii) the Alternate Base Rate plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.750% based on the Company’s Public Debt Rating. In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the Lenders in respect of the daily amount of the unutilized commitments thereunder. Prior to the Investment Grade Ratings Trigger Date, the commitment fee rate ranges from 0.100% to 0.200% per annum based on the Company’s Net Leverage Ratio. If the Investment Grade Ratings Trigger Date occurs, then on and after such date, if the Company elects to switch to a pricing system, the commitment fee rate will range from 0.100% to 0.225% based on the Company’s Public Debt Rating. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to pay (i) letter of credit participation fees equal to the applicable margin for Term SOFR loans on the face amount of each letter of credit, (ii) letter of credit fronting fees in an amount to be agreed by the Company and such issuing lender, and (iii) other customary letter of credit fees. The Company may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement at any time without premium or penalty, subject to customary “breakage” costs with respect to Term SOFR loans. The Credit Agreement contains negative covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of (i) the Company’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Credit Agreement to incur additional indebtedness and (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries to: (a) incur additional secured indebtedness, (b) create liens, (c) engage in mergers or consolidations, (d) make investments (including acquisitions), and (e) pay dividends, repurchase shares, and make other distributions to shareholders. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes financial covenants requiring the Company to (i) not exceed a Net Leverage Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 (subject to increase in connection with the consummation of a Material Acquisition (as defined in the Credit Agreement)) and (ii) maintain an Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of at least 3.00 to 1.00. The Credit Agreement also contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and events of default for comparable credit facilities. The foregoing summary of the Credit Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated into this report by reference . Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Agreement On February 13, 2026, substantially concurrently with the Company’s entry into the Credit Agreement, the Company voluntarily terminated its existing senior secured revolving credit agreement (the “Existing Credit Agreement”), dated as of June 30, 2023 and as amended from time to time, among the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. In connection with the termination of the Existing Credit Agreement, the collateral security arrangements that secured the Company’s obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement were released. 2 Item 2.03. Creation of Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation with an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant The information set forth in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2026, among First Solar, Inc., the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 3 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. FIRST SOLAR, INC. Date: February 19, 2026 By: /s/ JASON DYMBORT Name: Jason Dymbort Title: General Counsel & Secretary 4