Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 51 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 52 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 91 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 91 Item 9B. Other Information 91 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 91 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 92 Item 11. Executive Compensation 92 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 92 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 92 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 92 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit, Financial Statement Schedules 93 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 93 EXHIBIT INDEX 94 SIGNATURES 98 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Overview Zoetis Inc. is a global leader in the animal health industry, focused on the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of medicines, vaccines, diagnostic products and services, biodevices, genetic tests and precision animal health. We have a diversified business, commercializing products across eight core species: dogs, cats and horses (collectively, companion animals) and cattle, swine, poultry, fish and sheep (collectively, livestock); and within seven major product categories: parasiticides, vaccines, dermatology, , pain and sedation, other pharmaceutical and animal health diagnostics. For over 70 years, we have been innovating ways to predict, prevent, detect, and treat animal illness, and continue to stand by those raising and caring for animals worldwide - from veterinarians and pet owners to livestock producers. We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2012 and prior to that the company was a business unit of Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer). The address of our principal executive offices is 10 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Zoetis,” “the company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (2024 Annual Report) refer to Zoetis Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. In addition, unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Pfizer” in this 2024 Annual Report refer to Pfizer Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. Operating Segments The animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostics market is characterized by meaningful differences in customer needs across different regions. This is due to a variety of factors, including: • economic differences, such as standards of living in developed markets as compared to emerging markets; • cultural differences, such as dietary preferences for different animal proteins, pet ownership preferences and pet care standards; • epidemiological differences, such as the prevalence of certain bacterial and viral strains and disease dynamics; • treatment differences, such as utilization of different types of medicines and vaccines, as well as the pace of adoption of new technologies; • environmental differences, such as seasonality, climate and the availability of arable land and fresh water; and • regulatory differences, such as standards for product approval and manufacturing. As a result of these differences, among other things, we organize and operate our business in two segments: • United States (U.S.) with revenue of $5,074 million, or 55% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024; and • International with revenue of $4,102 million, or 44% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. Within each of these operating segments, we offer a diversified product portfolio for both companion animal and livestock customers so that we can capitalize on local trends and customer needs. In addition, our Client Supply Services (CSS) organization which provides contract manufacturing services to third parties, and our human health products, together represented approximately 1% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. 1 | Table of Contents Our 2024 revenue for the U.S. and key international markets, together with the percentage of revenue attributable to companion animal and livestock products in those markets, is as follows: (MILLIONS OF DOLLARS) Revenue Companion Animal Livestock United States $5,074 80% 20% Total International $4,102 54% 46% Australia $319 53% 47% Brazil $414 41% 59% Canada $277 62% 38% Chile $123 23% 77% China $270 69% 31% France $156 66% 34% Germany $225 77% 23% Italy $129 78% 22% Japan $147 70% 30% Mexico $169 36% 64% Spain $130 60% 40% United Kingdom $314 78% 22% Other Developed $564 49% 51% Other Emerging $865 42% 58% For additional information regarding our performance in each of our operating segments and the impact of foreign exchange rates, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 4. Revenue and Note 19. Segment Information. Our 2024 reported revenue for each segment, by species, is as follows: 2 | Table of Contents Products Over the course of our history, we have focused on developing a diverse portfolio of animal health products that deliver solutions across the continuum of care. We refer to all products with the same primary active pharmaceutical or biological ingredient(s) as a single product line, even if such products include different brands, dosages, formulations or indicated species. For vaccines, we typically consider a group of vaccines as a single product line if they share the same brand. We have approximately 300 comprehensive product lines, including products for both companion animals and livestock within each of our major product categories. Our companion animal products help extend and improve the quality of life for pets; increase convenience and compliance for pet owners; and help veterinarians improve the quality of their care and the efficiency of their businesses. Growth in the companion animal medicines, vaccines and diagnostics sectors is driven by increases in spending on pet care, economic development and related increases in disposable income. Companion animals are also living longer, deepening the bond, receiving increased medical treatment and benefiting from advances in animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostics. Companion animal products represented approximately 68% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our livestock products focus on predicting, preventing, detecting and treating diseases, with the understanding that veterinarians and livestock producers must have the tools at their disposal to treat disease expeditiously, which in turn enables the sustainable production of safe, animal protein. Human population growth and increased standards of living continue to drive demand for increased production of quality animal protein. Population growth leads to greater consumption of natural resources, driving a need for innovative solutions to increase sustainability and productivity. As global food security takes on heightened importance, producers are tasked with facilitating a high quality, safe and reliable food supply. Livestock products represented approximately 31% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, our CSS organization, which provides contract manufacturing services to third parties, and our human health products, together represented approximately 1% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. On October 31, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our medicated feed additive product portfolio, certain water soluble products and related assets, and, as a result, our major product categories no longer include the category of medicated feed additives. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements— Note 5. Acquisitions and Divestitures . Our major product categories are: • parasiticides: products that prevent or eliminate external and internal parasites such as fleas, ticks, lice and worms; • vaccines: biological preparations that help prevent diseases of the respiratory, gastrointestinal and reproductive tracts or induce a specific immune response; • dermatology: products that relieve itch associated with allergic conditions and atopic dermatitis; • : products that prevent, kill or slow the growth of bacteria, fungi or protozoa; • pain and sedation: products that alleviate pain, primarily associated with osteoarthritis and postoperative pain; • other pharmaceutical: antiemetic, reproductive and oncology products; and • animal health diagnostics: testing and analysis of blood, urine and other animal samples and related products and services, including diagnostic products, instruments and reagents, rapid immunoassay tests, reference laboratory kits and services and blood glucose monitors. Our remaining revenue is derived from other product categories, such as nutritionals, as well as products and services in biodevices, genetic tests and precision animal health. As part of our growth strategy, we focus on the discovery and development of new chemical, biopharmaceutical and biological entities, as well as product lifecycle innovation, primarily through our research and development (R&D) group. Historically, a substantial portion of our products and revenue has been the result of product lifecycle innovation where we actively work to broaden the value of existing products by developing new claims, extending to additional species, developing more convenient formulations, modifications and combinations, and by expanding usage into more countries. For example, the first product in our ceftiofur line was an approved for treating bovine respiratory disease (BRD) in cattle that was administered via intramuscular injection. Through studies and reformulations, we have expanded the product line into additional cattle claims and administration routes, as well as other species and regions. The ceftiofur product line currently includes the brands Excede ® , Excenel ® , Naxcel ® and Spectramast ® . The following are examples of our and/or products that we have launched and products that we believe may represent platforms for future product lifecycle innovation (listed alphabetically): • Apoquel ® , the first Janus kinase inhibitor for use in veterinary medicine, was approved in 2013 for the control of pruritus associated with allergic dermatitis and the control of atopic dermatitis in dogs at least 12 months of age. Since January 2014, we have launched Apoquel in many key markets globally. In 2021, a chewable version of Apoquel was approved in the European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom (U.K.), and has since been approved in other key markets globally, including the U.S. in 2023 and China in 2024; • Core EQ Innovator ® , the first and only vaccine for horses to contain all five core equine disease antigens - West Nile, Eastern and Western Equine encephalomyelitis, tetanus and rabies - in one combination, was approved in the U.S. in 2018 and in Canada in 2019; • Cytopoint ® , the first canine monoclonal antibody (mAb) to help reduce the clinical signs of atopic dermatitis (such as itching) in dogs of any age, was licensed in the U.S. in 2016 (and was later granted an expanded indication to treat allergic dermatitis in 2018). The product has since been approved in many key markets globally. An injection given once every four to eight weeks, Cytopoint neutralizes interleukin-31, a protein that has been demonstrated to trigger itching in dogs; • Fostera ® PCV MH was introduced in November 2013 in the U.S. and has since been approved in many key markets globally. It was developed to help protect pigs from porcine disease (PCVAD) and enzootic pneumonia caused by M. hyopneumoniae (M. hyo). Fostera Gold PCV MH, the only vaccine to contain two PCV2 genotypes and M. hyo coverage, was approved in the 3 | Table of Contents U.S. and Canada in 2018 and has since been approved in many key markets globally. The Fostera/Suvaxyn ® product line also includes Fostera/Suvaxyn PRRS, which was approved in the U.S. in 2015 and has since been approved in many key markets globally. This vaccine offers protection against both the respiratory and reproductive forms of disease caused by porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS) virus; • Librela ® (bedinvetmab), the first and only injectable mAb therapy for monthly alleviation of osteoarthritis (OA) pain in dogs, was approved in the EU in 2020 and has since been approved in other key markets globally, including the U.S. in 2023 and China in 2024; • Poulvac ® Procerta ® , our first vector vaccine that helps protect against Marek’s disease and Newcastle disease, highly contagious viral infections affecting poultry, was approved in the U.S. in 2019. In 2020, we expanded our line of recombinant vector vaccines with the launch of Poulvac Procerta , which helps protect against Marek's disease and provides early protection against the contemporary infectious bursal disease (IBD) viruses. We have since expanded Poulvac Procerta into other key markets globally. In 2022, we further expanded our line of recombinant vector vaccines with the launch of Poulvac Procerta in the U.S., which is an advanced trivalent vector vaccine that delivers powerful early protection against Marek's disease, infectious bursal disease and Newcastle disease in one dose; • ProHeart ® 6 (moxidectin), a twice a year injection to prevent heartworm disease in dogs 6 months of age and older, was approved in the U.S. in 2021; In 2019, ProHeart ® 12 (moxidectin), a injection to prevent heartworm disease in dogs 12 months of age and older; • Protivity ® , a bacterial vaccine that is effective in protecting healthy beef and dairy cattle against respiratory disease caused by Mycoplasma bovis (M. bovis), was approved in the U.S. and Canada in 2022, the EU and Mexico in 2023 and the U.K. in 2024; • Revolution ® Plus/Stronghold ® Plus (selamectin/sarolaner), a topical combination product that treats ticks, fleas, ear mites, lice and gastrointestinal worms and prevents heartworm disease in cats, received EU approval in 2017 and has since been approved in other key markets globally, including the U.S., and received approval in 2024 in key markets globally for new claims related to the treatment and control of lone star tick infestations, flea tapeworm and efficacy against notoedres mange, making it the only parasiticide for cats on the market to defend against four types of ticks; • Simparica ® (sarolaner) Chewables, a monthly chewable tablet for dogs to control fleas and ticks, was approved in the EU in 2015, the U.S. in 2016 and has since been approved in other key markets globally. Simparica Trio ® , a triple combination parasiticide for dogs, was approved in the EU and Canada in 2019, the U.S. in 2020 and has since been approved in other key markets globally. In 2024, Simparica Chewables and Simparica Trio received U.S. approval for new claims related to the treatment and control of lone star tick infestations. This product is a key internal lifecycle innovation that combines flea and tick treatment (sarolaner) with the prevention of heartworm disease and treatment of gastrointestinal parasites; • Solensia ® (frunevetmab), the first injectable mAb therapy for monthly alleviation of OA pain in cats, was approved in Switzerland in 2020 and has since been approved in other key markets globally, including the EU and the U.S.; and • Vanguard ® /Versican ® is a market leading vaccine line for dogs intended to help prevent a range of diseases. Since 2016, Zoetis has added new and innovative enhancements to this product line in the U.S. and other key markets with Vanguard crLyme, Vanguard Rapid Resp Intranasal, Vanguard B Oral, Vanguard CIV H3N2/H3N8 and Versican Plus Bb Oral. We pursue the development of new vaccines for emerging infectious diseases, with an operating philosophy of “first to know and fast to market.” Examples of the successful execution of this strategy include the first ( ) vaccine to help protect the health and of more than 300 mammalian species living in zoos, aquariums, conservatories and other animal organizations around the world; the first equine vaccine for West Nile virus in the U.S. and EU; the first swine vaccine for pandemic H1N1 influenza virus in the U.S.; the first conditionally licensed vaccine against the pandemic H5N1 bird flu in the U.S. and EU, which we provided to the U.S. Department of Agriculture when it recommended our vaccine be used by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to help protect California condors in 2023; a conditionally licensed vaccine to help fight porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDv) in the U.S.; and the first conditionally licensed vaccine to help prevent the H3N2 type of canine influenza that emerged in the U.S. Because approximately 60% of infectious diseases in humans originate in animals (according to CDC) we take a "One Health" approach; vaccinating animals can help contain emerging infectious diseases and limit spread to other species including humans. Since 2020, the company has partnered with Colorado State University to increase our understanding of the potential use of immunomodulators in livestock that could reduce the need for antibiotics, as well as advance our understanding of the biology of key diseases affecting companion animals which could lead to new therapies that can treat chronic health conditions in pets. In 2024, the company started a collaboration with Blacksmith Medicines to discover and develop novel antibiotics for animal health and provide new options for our customers to treat infections in livestock. Additionally, the Pharmaq business of Zoetis is the global leader in vaccines and innovation for aquatic health products. By preventing and treating diseases, we believe these products contribute to an increase in animal welfare and an improvement in food safety while lessening the burden on the environment. Zoetis enhanced the portfolio of its diagnostic products with the acquisition in 2018 of Abaxis, Inc. (Abaxis), a leading provider of veterinary diagnostic instruments, including the VetScan ® portfolio of benchtop and handheld diagnostic instruments and consumables. In 2023, the company enhanced its Vetscan Imagyst platform by adding artificial intelligence (AI) dermatology and AI fecal for equine, which uses a combination of image recognition technology, algorithms and AI to deliver rapid testing results to veterinary clinics. In 2024, the company added AI urine sediment analysis to the Vetscan Imagyst platform and launched Vetscan OptiCell TM a , AI powered hematology analyzer that provides advanced Complete Blood Count (CBC) analysis. As Zoetis continues to develop additional innovative applications for Vetscan Imagyst, it plans to seamlessly integrate even more new capabilities into the platform, helping veterinarians provide the best possible care for animals. In 2022, the company completed the acquisition of Jurox, an animal health company based in Australia, which brings the company a range of companion animal and livestock products and provides the company with future growth opportunities, manufacturing capacity and increased capabilities in Australia. Also in 2022, the company acquired Basepaws, a petcare genetics company that provides pet owners with genetic tests, analytics and early health risk assessments, which help pet owners and veterinarians understand an individual pet’s risk for disease and helps Zoetis identify solutions to complex diseases by informing our research and innovation. 4 | Table of Contents In 2023, the company completed the acquisition of PetMedix Ltd, a privately held research and development stage animal health biopharmaceutical company based in the U.K., which develops therapeutics for companion animals. Also in 2023, the company completed the acquisition of adivo GmbH, a privately held research and development stage animal health biopharmaceutical company based in Germany. In 2024, our two products and product lines, Simparica/Simparica Trio and Apoquel/Apoquel Chewable, contributed approximately 15% and 11%, respectively, of our revenue. Combined with our next three products and product lines, Cytopoint, Librela and our ceftiofur line, these five products and product lines contributed approximately 41% of our revenue. In 2024, our ten products and product lines contributed approximately 55% of our revenue. Our products and product lines that represented approximately 1% or more of our revenue in 2024, which comprise approximately 69% of our total revenue, are as follows (listed alphabetically by product category): Companion animal products Product / product line Description Primary species Vaccines Vanguard ® / Versican ® line Includes various individual and combination vaccines protecting against certain viral and bacterial diseases, including leptospirosis, Bordetella, influenza and parainfluenza, adenovirus, distemper, parvovirus and Lyme disease Dogs Clavamox ® / Synulox ® A antibiotic approved for use in dogs and cats; available in both chewable tablets and drop form Cats, dogs Convenia ® Injectable for the treatment of common bacterial skin infections Cats, dogs Parasiticides ProHeart ® An injection to prevent heartworm infestation given either annually or based on formulation; also for treatment of existing larval and adult hookworm infections Dogs Revolution ® / Revolution ® Plus / Stronghold ® / Stronghold ® Plus Revolution/Stronghold is a monthly topical antiparasitic for protection against fleas, lice, heartworm disease and ear mites in cats and dogs; sarcoptic mites and American dog tick in dogs and roundworms and hookworms for cats; Revolution Plus/Stronghold Plus, also a monthly topical solution, protects against fleas, lice, heartworm disease, ticks and ear mites and roundworms in cats Cats, dogs Simparica ® / Simparica Trio ® Simparica is a monthly chewable tablet for dogs to control fleas and ticks; Simparica Trio, also a monthly chewable tablet, is a triple combination parasiticide that delivers protection from fleas and ticks, as well as heartworm disease, roundworms and hookworms Dogs Other Pharmaceutical Cerenia ® A medication that prevents and treats acute vomiting in dogs, treats acute vomiting in cats and prevents vomiting due to motion sickness in dogs; available in injectable or tablet form Cats, dogs Pain and Sedation Librela ® An injectable monthly antibody therapy to alleviate osteoarthritis pain in dogs Dogs Rimadyl ® For the relief of pain and inflammation associated with osteoarthritis and for the control of postoperative pain associated with soft tissue and orthopedic surgeries Dogs Solensia ® An injectable monthly antibody therapy to alleviate osteoarthritis pain in cats Cats Dermatology Apoquel ® / Apoquel ® Chewable A selective inhibitor of the Janus Kinase 1 enzyme that controls pruritus associated with allergic dermatitis and control of atopic dermatitis in dogs at least 12 months of age; available in both tablet and chewable form Dogs Cytopoint ® An injectable to help reduce the clinical signs such as itching of atopic dermatitis in dogs of any age Dogs Animal Health Diagnostics VetScan ® Chemistry Analyzer A benchtop diagnostic instrument with a test menu including chemistry, electrolytes, and immunoassay tests, and associated consumables Cats, dogs 5 | Table of Contents Livestock products Product / product line Description Primary species Vaccines Fostera ® / Suvaxyn ® line Family of swine vaccines to prevent or control diseases associated with major pathogens such as Porcine Circovirus type 2 (PCV2), Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome virus (PRRSv) and Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae ( M. hyo ), depending on formulation Swine Improvac ® / Improvest ® / Vivax ® Reduces boar taint, as an alternative to surgical castration and suppression of estrus in gilts Swine Poulvac ® line Family of poultry vaccines protecting against certain viral and bacterial, including E. coli, Salmonella, Marek’s disease, infections bursal disease (IBD), Newcastle disease (ND), and infectious bronchitis virus and Avian Influenza virus, depending on formulation Poultry Rispoval ® / ® line Family of cattle vaccines protecting against a variety of key respiratory and reproductive diseases, including infectious bovine rhinotracheitis (IBR), bovine viral diarrhea (BVD), parainfluenza 3 (PI3), bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV), and leptosirosis, depending on formulation Cattle Ceftiofur line An injectable cephalosporin antibiotic active against and bacteria, including ß- strains; includes Excede ® , Excenel ® RTU EZ and Naxcel ® . Also includes Spectramast ® for the treatment of subclinical or clinical mastitis in dry or lactating dairy cattle, delivered via intramammary infusion Cattle, sheep, swine Draxxin ® / Draxxin ® KP An injectable antibiotic for the treatment and prevention of bovine and swine respiratory disease, infectious bovine keratoconjunctivitis and bovine foot rot. This product line also includes Draxxin KP/Draxxin Plus, which combines the antimicrobial properties of Draxxin with the , analgesic and antipyretic properties of the Ketoprofen to rapidly reduce fever Cattle, sheep, swine Parasiticides Dectomax ® An injectable or endectocide, characterized by extended duration of activity, for the treatment and control of internal and external parasite infections Cattle, swine International Operations We directly market our products in approximately 45 countries across North America, Europe, Africa, Asia, Australia and South America, and our products are sold in more than 100 countries. Operations outside the U.S. accounted for 44% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. We continue to benefit from our past efforts to establish an early and direct presence in many emerging markets, such as Brazil, Chile, China and Mexico, and we believe we are one of the largest animal health medicines and vaccines businesses as measured by revenue across emerging markets as a whole. Our international businesses are subject, in varying degrees, to a number of risks inherent in carrying on business in other countries. These include, among other things, currency fluctuations, capital and exchange control regulations, expropriation and other restrictive government actions. See Item 1A. Risk Factors— Risks related to operating in foreign jurisdictions . Sales and Marketing Our sales organization includes sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists. We also contract with distributors that provide logistics and sales and marketing support for many of our products. In regions where we do not maintain a direct commercial presence, we rely solely on distributors for these services. Our sales representatives visit our customers, including veterinarians and livestock producers, to provide information and to promote and sell our products and services. Our technical and veterinary operations specialists, who generally have advanced veterinary medicine degrees, provide scientific consulting focused on disease management and herd management, training and education on many topics, including responsible product use. These direct relationships with customers allow us to understand the needs of our customers. Additionally, our sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists partner with customers to provide training and support in areas of disease awareness and treatment protocols, including the use of our products. As a result of these relationships, our sales and consulting visits are typically longer, more meaningful and provide us with better access to customer decision makers as compared to those in human health. In certain markets, including the U.S., pet owners are taking a more active role in product purchasing decisions, and as a result we are increasingly investing in marketing efforts. As of December 31, 2024, our sales organization consisted of approximately 4,050 employees. Our companion animal and livestock products are primarily available by prescription through a veterinarian. In certain markets, we also sell certain products through retail and e-commerce outlets. We also market our products by advertising to veterinarians, pet owners and livestock producers. Customers We primarily sell our companion animal products to veterinarians or to veterinary distributors that typically then sell our products to veterinarians, and in each case veterinarians then typically sell our products to pet owners. In certain markets, we also sell companion animal products through retail, including pharmacies, and e-commerce outlets. We sell our livestock products primarily to veterinarians and livestock producers, including beef and dairy farmers as well as pork and poultry operators, in addition to veterinary distributors and retail outlets 6 | Table of Contents who then typically sell the products to livestock producers. Sales to our largest customer, a U.S. veterinary distributor, represented approximately 14% of total revenue for 2024. Research and Development Our R&D operations are comprised of a dedicated veterinary medicine R&D organization, external alliances and other operations focused on the development, registration and regulatory maintenance of our products. In addition, we have R&D operations focused on diagnostics, devices, data, digital and other technological innovation. We incurred R&D expenses of $686 million in 2024, $614 million in 2023 and $539 million in 2022. Our R&D efforts are comprised of more than 300 programs and reflect our commitment to develop solutions for unmet needs and advance the current standards of care. We create new insights for predicting, preventing, detecting and treating health conditions that result in the development of new platforms of knowledge which become the basis for continuous innovation. Leveraging internal discoveries, complemented by external research collaborations, results in the delivery of novel vaccine, pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biodevice and diagnostic products and services to help our customers face their toughest challenges. While the development of new chemical, biopharmaceutical and biological entities through new product R&D plays a critical role in our growth strategies, a significant share of our R&D investment (including regulatory functions) is focused on product lifecycle innovation. A commitment to continuous innovation, based on customer need, ensures we actively work to broaden the value of existing products by developing claims in additional species, more convenient formulations, routes of administration and combinations, and by expanding usage into more countries. We also create opportunities by integrating product offerings to optimize solutions based on the totality of customer need. We prioritize our R&D spending on an annual basis with the goal of aligning our research and business objectives, and do not disaggregate our R&D operations by research stage or by therapeutic area for purposes of managing our business. We make our strategic investments in R&D based on four criteria: strategic fit and importance to our current portfolio; technical feasibility of development and manufacture; return on investment; and the needs of customers and the market. A centralized portfolio management function links development plans with financial systems to build a comprehensive view of the status of project progression and spend. This view facilitates our ability to set targets for project timing and goals for investment efficiency. The allocation of our R&D investment between product lifecycle innovation and new product development, in addition to our ability to leverage the discoveries of our existing R&D and other industries, supports a , efficient, sustainable and relatively predictable R&D process. We regularly enter into agreements with external parties that enable us to collaborate on research programs or gain access to substrates and technologies (such as new devices). Some of our external partnerships involve funding from a organization or a government grant. We are generally responsible for providing technical direction and supplemental expertise for, as well as investment in, such external partnerships. Depending on the nature of the agreement, we may act as the commercialization partner for discoveries that originate during the period of collaborative research, or we may own or have exclusive rights to any intellectual property that enables the development of proprietary products or models. As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 1,600 employees in our global R&D operations. Our R&D headquarters is located in Kalamazoo, Michigan. We have R&D operations with manufacturing sites in Rutherford, Australia; , Belgium; Campinas, Brazil; Suzhou, China; Farum, Denmark; Olot, Spain; and in the following U.S. locations: Union City, California; Charles City, Iowa; Kalamazoo, Michigan; Durham, North Carolina; and Lincoln, Nebraska. We R&D operations with manufacturing sites to facilitate the efficient transfer of production processes from our laboratories to manufacturing. In addition, we maintain R&D operations in Sydney, Australia; Zaventem, Belgium; Beijing, China; Puchheim, Germany; Thane, India; Oslo, Norway; Hong Ngu, Vietnam; Con Tho, Vietnam; Cambridge, U.K.; and Fort Collins, Colorado, U.S. Each site is designed to meet the regulatory requirements for working with chemical or infectious disease agents, as appropriate. Manufacturing and Supply Chain Our products are manufactured at sites operated by us and sites operated by contract manufacturing organizations, which we refer to as CMOs. We have a global manufacturing network of 22 sites operated by us. Our global manufacturing network is comprised of the following sites: Site Location Site Location Buellton California, U.S. Olot Spain Campinas Brazil Overhalla Norway Catania Italy Rathdrum Ireland Charles City Iowa, U.S. Rutherford Australia Durham North Carolina, U.S. San Diego California, U.S. Farum Denmark Suzhou China Kalamazoo Michigan, U.S. Tallaght Ireland Klofta Norway Tullamore Ireland Lincoln Nebraska, U.S. Union City California, U.S. Belgium Wellington New Zealand Melbourne Australia White Hall Illinois, U.S. We own the majority of these sites, with the exception of our facilities in Buellton, California (U.S.), Durham, North Carolina (U.S.), Klofta (Norway), Melbourne (Australia), San Diego, California (U.S.), and Union City, California (U.S.), which are leased sites. In addition, a portion of our facilities in Tullamore (Ireland) is leased. 7 | Table of Contents We regularly evaluate the adequacy of our manufacturing capabilities. We are currently in the process of expanding these capabilities at certain existing sites. Additionally, we purchased a manufacturing site outside Atlanta, Georgia in 2023, where we plan to begin commercial production in the future. In 2024, we ceased all operations at our Weibern, Austria site, and completed the divestiture of our medicated feed additive product portfolio, certain water soluble products and related assets, which included sites manufacturing those products in Chicago Heights, Illinois (U.S.); Eagle Grove, Iowa (U.S.); Medolla, Italy; Salisbury, Maryland (U.S.); Suzhou, China; and Willow Island, West Virginia (U.S.). Our global manufacturing and supply chain is supported by a network of CMOs. As of December 31, 2024, this network was comprised of over 110 CMOs, including those as well as CMOs. We select CMOs based on several factors: (i) their ability to reliably supply products or materials that meet our quality standards at an optimized cost; (ii) their access to niche products and technologies; (iii) capacity; and (iv) financial efficiency analyses. Our regional and global manufacturing teams seek to ensure that all of the CMOs we use adhere to our standards of manufacturing quality. We purchase certain raw materials necessary for the commercial production of our products from a variety of suppliers. We utilize logistics service providers as a part of our global supply chain, primarily for shipping and logistics support. We intend to continue our efficiency improvement programs in our manufacturing and supply chain organization, including Six Sigma and Lean capabilities, which are processes intended to improve manufacturing efficiency. We have strong globally managed and coordinated quality control and quality assurance programs in place at our global manufacturing network sites, and we regularly inspect and audit our global manufacturing network and CMO sites. Competition Although our business is the largest based on revenue in the animal health industry (which includes medicines, vaccines and diagnostics), we face competition in the regions in which we compete. Principal drivers of competition vary depending on the particular region, species, product category and individual product, and include new product development, quality, price, service and promotion to veterinary professionals, pet owners and livestock producers. Our primary competitors include animal health medicines, vaccines and diagnostic companies such as Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health Inc., the animal health division of Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH; Merck Animal Health, the animal health division of Merck & Co., Inc.; Elanco Animal Health; and IDEXX Laboratories. There are also several new companies working in the animal health area. In addition, we compete with hundreds of other producers of animal health products throughout the world. The level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. Unlike in the human health market, there is no large, company focused on generic animal health products that exists as a global competitor in the industry. Historically, the reasons for this include the relatively smaller average market size of each product opportunity, the importance of direct distribution and education to veterinarians and livestock producers and the primarily nature of the business. In addition, companion animal health products are often directly prescribed and dispensed by veterinarians. Nonetheless, we continue to face increased competition from generic products and lower cost alternatives. For more information regarding the generic competition we have and expect to encounter as patents on certain of our key products expire, see Item 1. Business - Intellectual Property . The importance of quality and safety concerns to veterinarians, pet owners and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty. As a result, we believe that significant brand loyalty to products often continues after the loss of and regulatory exclusivity. Intellectual Property Our technology, brands and other intellectual property are important elements of our business. We rely on patent, trademark, copyright, design and trade secret laws, as well as regulatory exclusivity periods and agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. Our policy is to vigorously protect, enforce and defend our rights to our intellectual property, as appropriate. Our product portfolio enjoys the protection of approximately 5,500 granted patents and 1,450 pending patent applications, filed in more than 50 countries, with a focus on our major markets, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Japan and the U.S., as well as other countries with strong patent systems. Many of the patents and patent applications in our portfolio are the result of our research and development, while other patents and patent applications in our portfolio were wholly or partially developed by third parties and are licensed to Zoetis. Patents for individual products expire at different times based on the date of the patent filing (or sometimes the date of patent grant) and the legal term of patents in the countries where such patents are obtained. Below is a summary of our recent and upcoming key patent expirations. • Patents relating to the active ingredient (tulathromycin) and formulation of Draxxin have expired in the majority of markets. Exceptions are the formulation patent that expires in November 2025 in Japan, and formulation and active ingredient patents in Brazil which expire in July and December 2025, respectively. Generic or other competing tulathromycin products are now marketed in most major markets as well as in many smaller markets. Additional marketing authorizations for generic tulathromycin products may be granted in various markets in the future. Sales of Draxxin have been negatively affected by generic competition in the markets where the patents have expired. • All patents relating to the active ingredient of Excede/Naxcel (ceftiofur crystalline free acid) have expired. The patents covering the commercial formulation of Excede in Japan and Brazil extend to September 2026 and August 2027, respectively, but the corresponding patents in the U.S. expired in July 2024, and those in Europe, Canada and Australia expired in September 2021. Generic versions of Excede have entered the market in Brazil, Mexico and Russia. • The patent for the active ingredient of Cerenia has expired in all countries and the formulation patents relevant to the injectable product line expire between 2025 and 2028. Generic versions of Cerenia injectable have been registered and marketed in Europe, Canada and Australia and we are aware that regulatory approval of at least one generic version of Cerenia injectable is currently being pursued in the U.S. Zoetis typically enforces its patents vigorously as appropriate globally, including by filing infringement claims against other parties. 8 | Table of Contents Additionally, many of our vaccine products are based on proprietary master seeds and proprietary or patented adjuvant formulations. We actively seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary , by seeking to require our employees, consultants, advisors and partners to enter into confidentiality agreements and other arrangements upon the commencement of their employment or engagement. We seek to file and maintain trademarks around the world based on commercial activities in most regions where we have, or desire to have, a business presence for a particular product or service. We currently maintain more than 10,500 trademark applications and registrations in our market countries, identifying products and services dedicated to the care of companion animals and livestock. Regulatory The sale of animal health products is governed by the laws and regulations specific to each jurisdiction in which we market our products. To maintain compliance with these regulatory requirements, we have established processes, systems, and dedicated resources with involvement from product concept to launch and maintenance in the market. Our regulatory function actively engages in dialogue with various global agencies regarding their requirements, policies, and guidance documents that relate to animal health products. United States United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The regulatory body that is responsible for the regulation of animal health pharmaceuticals in the U.S. is the Center for Veterinary Medicine (CVM), housed within the FDA. Generally, manufacturers of animal health pharmaceuticals must show their products to be safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The FDA's basis for approving an animal drug application is documented in a Freedom of Information (FOI) Summary. monitoring of products is required by law, with reports being provided to CVM's Office of Surveillance and Compliance. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with the legal and agency requirements. CVM also has regulatory oversight of medical devices (including certain in vitro diagnostics) intended for animal use and can take appropriate regulatory action if an animal device is misbranded or adulterated. Importantly, however, CVM exercises enforcement discretion and does not require review of animal medical devices. Animal medical device labeling should not be false or misleading, and such products must be adequately labeled for their intended use(s). But, there is no specific FDA regulation reflecting such requirements at this time. As a result of our acquisition of Abaxis, our product portfolio includes human medical devices, specifically human in vitro diagnostics, which are subject to regulation in the U.S. by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing medical device regulations (21 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter H), including the Quality System Regulation (to be replaced by the Quality Management System Regulation in 2026), and the Center for Medicaid & Medicare Services (CMS) under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 and its implementing regulations (42 CFR Part 493). surveillance is required, with reports provided to the FDA in accordance with agency requirements. United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The regulatory body in the U.S. for veterinary biological products is the USDA. The USDA's Center for Veterinary Biologics is responsible for the regulation of animal health vaccines, including certain immunotherapeutics and certain diagnostic products. In December 2024, the Center for Veterinary Biologics and CVM published a charter that details how the two agencies work together to determine the appropriate agency to regulate the small number of animal biologicals for which jurisdiction may be unclear. This is in addition to a 2013 Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) that outlines which animal biologicals each agency would regulate. Manufacturers of animal health biological products must show their products to be pure, safe, effective and produced by a consistent method of manufacture as defined under the Act (VSTA) and its implementing regulations (9 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter E). monitoring of products is required. Reports of product quality defects, adverse events or unexpected results are submitted in accordance with the agency requirements. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The main regulatory body in the U.S. for veterinary pesticides is the EPA. The EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs is responsible for the regulation of pesticide products applied topically to animals. The EPA and FDA determine regulatory oversight of pesticides and animal drugs based on an MOU between the two agencies signed in 1971 and revised in 1973. In February 2023, the EPA and FDA released a whitepaper that outlined potential approaches for updating the agencies' oversight of such animal health products. Currently, manufacturers of animal health pesticides must show their products, when used according to specifications, will not cause “unreasonable adverse effects to man or the environment” as stated in the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) and its implementing regulations. Within the U.S., pesticide products that are registered by the EPA (including review and approval of product labeling) must also be registered by individual state pesticide authorities before distribution in that state. monitoring of products is required, with reports provided to the EPA and some state regulatory agencies. Foreign Trade Controls. In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar laws and/or regulations. Zoetis is also subject to foreign trade controls administered by certain U.S. government agencies, including the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Commerce Department, Customs and Border Protection within the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). As a global animal health company, we conduct business in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world. This includes supplying medicines and medical products for use in Iran and shipment of products to Iran, and conducting related activities, in accordance with a general license issued by OFAC and in line with our corporate policies. As previously disclosed, we acquired Platinum Performance (Platinum) in August 2019. During the integration process, after the closing of the acquisition, we discovered that Platinum had initiated certain transactions involving sales of food, medicine or devices to individuals or entities who may have been resident in or had ties to Iran. These sales were not conducted pursuant to a general license from OFAC and potentially violated the Iranian Transactions and Sanctions Regulations (ITSR) administered by OFAC. We submitted an initial voluntary disclosure to OFAC in February 2020 while our internal investigation was ongoing. After concluding our internal investigation, in December 2020, we submitted a final voluntary disclosure to OFAC and the U.S. Department 9 | Table of Contents of Justice regarding these transactions. In July 2023, OFAC provided a No Action letter confirming a final determination that no further action would be taken in the matter. We do not anticipate any further correspondence from the Department of Justice as the statutory response period has lapsed without a response. In addition, we are subject to a wide variety of state level regulations in the United States covering topics such as the environment, animal welfare and privacy. Outside the United States / Global EU. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) is the centralized medicines regulatory agency of the EU. The agency is responsible for the scientific evaluation of medicines developed by healthcare companies seeking centralized approval for use in the EU. The agency has a distinct veterinary review section. The Committee for Veterinary Medicinal Products (CVMP) is responsible for scientific and technical review of the submissions for innovative pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceuticals and vaccines. After the CVMP issues a positive opinion on the approvability of a product, the EU commission reviews the opinion and, if they agree with the CVMP, they grant the product market authorization. Once granted by the European Commission, a centralized marketing authorization is valid in all EU and European Economic Free Trade Association states. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as those developed by means of recombinant DNA technology or novel therapeutic veterinary medicinal products. Products (other than those covered by the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure) can also be registered in the EU via the decentralized or the mutual recognition routes under the supervision of the Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralized Procedures for Veterinary Medicinal Products (CMDv). This group is composed of one representative per member state from each national regulatory agency, including Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. A series of Regulations (including the Veterinary Medicinal Products Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/6)), Directives, Guidelines and EU Pharmacopeia Monographs provide the requirements for product approval in the EU. In general, these requirements are similar to those in the U.S., requiring demonstrated evidence of, safety, efficacy, and quality/consistency of manufacturing processes. We are also subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that requires us to meet enhanced requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the rights of data subjects to request correction or deletion of their personal data. Currently, there is no Regulation regarding veterinary medical devices or veterinary in vitro diagnostics. In Europe, such animal health products are reviewed by national agencies based on national requirements, where such requirements exist. United Kingdom . The making, updating and enforcing of U.K. legislation for veterinary medicinal products is the responsibility of the U.K.’s Veterinary Medicines Directorate (VMD). China. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs (MARA), a ministerial-level component of the State Council, drafts and implements policies related to agriculture, rural areas and rural residents, and regulates crop farming, animal husbandry, fisheries, agriculture mechanization and the quality of agriculture products. MARA is also the regulatory body responsible for the regulation and supervision of pharmaceuticals and biologicals for animal use. Regulatory requirements in China have become increasingly stringent, with MARA recently issuing new regulations and changes to the regulatory review process. Brazil. The Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply (MAPA) is the regulatory body in Brazil that is responsible for the regulation and control of pharmaceuticals, biologicals and medicated feed additives for animal use. MAPA's regulatory activities are conducted through the Secretary of Agricultural Defense and its Livestock Products Inspection Department. In addition, regulatory activities are conducted at a local level through the Federal Agriculture Superintendence. These activities include the inspection and licensing of both manufacturing and commercial establishments for veterinary products, as well as the submission, review and approval of pharmaceuticals, biologicals, and medicated feed additives. MAPA is one of the most active regulatory agencies in Latin America, having permanent seats at several international animal health forums, such as Codex Alimentarius, World Organization for Animal Health and Committee of Veterinary Medicines for the Americas. MAPA was also invited to be a Latin American representative at meetings of the International Cooperation on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Veterinary Medicinal Products (VICH). Several normative instructions issued by MAPA have set regulatory trends in Latin America. Australia. The Australian Pesticides and Veterinary Medicines Authority (APVMA) is an Australian government statutory authority established in 1993 to centralize the registration of all agricultural and veterinary products for the Australian marketplace. Previously each State and Territory government had its own system of registration. The APVMA assesses applications from companies and individuals seeking registration or a permit so they can supply their product to the marketplace. Applications undergo rigorous assessment using the expertise of the APVMA's scientific staff and drawing on the technical knowledge of other relevant scientific organizations, Commonwealth government departments and state agriculture departments. If the product works as intended and the scientific data confirms that when used as directed on the product label it will have no harmful or unintended effects on people, animals, the environment or international trade, the APVMA will register the product. As well as registering new agricultural and veterinary products, the APVMA receives and reviews adverse event information which may be submitted by registrants or members of the public. The APVMA also reviews registered products when particular concerns are raised about their safety and effectiveness. The review of a product may result in confirmation of its registration, or it may see registration continue with some changes to the way the product can be used. In some cases the review may result in the registration of a product being canceled and the product taken off the market. Rest of world. Jurisdiction-specific regulatory laws may have provisions that include requirements for certain labeling, safety, efficacy, and manufacturers' quality control procedures (to assure the consistency of the products), as well as company records and reports. In certain regions and jurisdictions, regulatory agencies may generally refer to the FDA, USDA, EU and other international animal health entities, including the World Organisation for Animal Health and Codex Alimentarius, in establishing standards or regulations for veterinary pharmaceuticals, immunotherapies and vaccines. Advertising and promotion review. Promotion of regulated animal health products is controlled by laws and regulations in many jurisdictions. These laws and rules generally restrict advertising and promotion to those product claims and uses that have been reviewed and endorsed by the applicable regulatory agency. We conduct a review of promotional materials for compliance with the local and regional requirements in the markets where we sell animal health products. Data Privacy Laws. Our business involves the collection, use, and processing of personal data from our customers. The global privacy landscape is rapidly evolving, with countries where we operate introducing and enforcing new privacy and data protection laws and regulations. Compliance with 10 | Table of Contents these laws is costly, complex and requires continuous updates to our privacy practices, systems and policies. Failure to comply with these laws could result in significant fines, penalties and reputational damage, as well as restrictions on our ability to process personal data. We collect and process personal information of our employees worldwide, which includes sensitive data such as health information, financial data and personal identifiers. We must comply with local labor and data protection laws concerning the privacy of employee information. In some jurisdictions, employee privacy protections are stricter, and any failure to comply with such laws could result in penalties, litigation or damage to our employer brand. Any changes to international data transfer mechanisms, including the invalidation of established frameworks or imposition of new restrictions, could disrupt our ability to transfer data and impede our business operations. See Item 1A. Risk related to legal matters and operations and reputation may be impacted if we do not comply with continually changing laws and regulations regarding data privacy. Global policy and guidance Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA). The Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives is an international expert scientific committee that is administered jointly by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and the World Health Organization (WHO). The JECFA provides a risk assessment/safety evaluation of residues of veterinary drugs in animal products, exposure and residue definition and maximum residue limit proposals for veterinary drugs. We work with them to establish acceptable safe levels of residual product in animals after treatment. This in turn enables the calculation of appropriate withdrawal times for our products prior to an animal entering the food chain. International Cooperation on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Veterinary Medicinal Products (VICH). VICH is a trilateral ( ) program aimed at harmonizing technical requirements for veterinary product registration. The objectives of the VICH are as follows: • Establish and implement harmonized technical requirements for the registration of veterinary medicinal products in the VICH regions, which meet high quality, safety and efficacy standards and minimize the use of test animals and costs of product development. • Provide a basis for wider international harmonization of registration requirements through the VICH Outreach Forum. • Monitor and maintain existing VICH guidelines, taking particular note of the VICH work program and, where necessary, update these VICH guidelines. • Ensure efficient processes for maintaining and monitoring consistent interpretation of data requirements following the implementation of VICH guidelines. • By means of a constructive dialogue between regulatory authorities and industry, provide technical guidance enabling response to significant emerging global issues and science that impact on regulatory requirements within the VICH regions. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 13,800 employees worldwide, which included approximately 6,700 employees in the U.S. and approximately 7,100 in other jurisdictions. We view the strength of our leadership team and our talented colleagues around the world as critical components of our past and future success. We remain committed to being a company our colleagues can be proud of and one where they can thrive. We achieve this by attracting, retaining and developing the best talent in the industry through our focus on workplace culture and engagement, inclusion, talent recruitment, development and retention, benefits and compensation, and employee , health and safety. The Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing talent development, employee engagement programs and policies, and the Quality and Innovation Committee regularly reviews employee health and safety metrics. Some of our employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements in particular jurisdictions, including a small number of employees in the U.S. Workplace Culture and Employee Engagement We have established the following Core Beliefs that are the foundation of the commitments we make to each other, our customers and our stakeholders every day: • Our Colleagues Make the Difference • Always Do the Right Thing • Customer Obsessed • Run It Like You Own It • We are One Zoetis We value responsibility and integrity. Our Code of Conduct contains general guidelines for conducting business with the highest ethical standards. We are committed to an environment where open, honest communications are the expectation, not the exception. We have an Open Door Policy where colleagues are encouraged to present ideas, concerns, questions, issues or suggestions directly to any level of leadership within Zoetis, without fear of retaliation. We assess colleague engagement and key drivers enabling organizational performance by regularly conducting employee engagement surveys. Our engagement rate, as measured by favorable responses to qualitative questions about alignment with Zoetis objectives and employment with Zoetis, was 86% in 2024. We are proud to continue to have an engagement rate in the high eighties for the last five years. Insights from the Company’s engagement survey are used to develop both and business function level organizational and talent development plans. 11 | Table of Contents We strive to create an environment where colleagues feel valued and cared for, as well as understand the important role we play in embracing diverse perspectives to improve the quality of our innovation, collaboration and relationships. We offer nine Colleague Resource Groups, which are an important catalyst to fostering an inclusive environment, while positively impacting our business and community. Talent Recruitment, Development and Retention We employ a variety of career development, employee benefits, policies and compensation programs designed to attract, develop and retain our colleagues. Employee benefits and policies are designed for a variety of needs including generous parental leave policies and expanded adoption, fertility and surrogacy benefits for all colleagues equitably. We have internal programs designed to develop and retain talent, including a talent development portal, mentoring programs, career planning resources, leadership development programs, and performance management and training programs. In particular, our R&D team recruits scientists and research and development personnel from universities and scientific associations and forums and leverages a variety of R&D-specific talent tools. Our global voluntary attrition rate remained stable at 8% in 2024. Compensation and Benefits We strive to support our colleagues’ and enable them to achieve their best. Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to support colleague including physical and mental health, financial wellness, and family and lifestyle resources. We recognize the needs of our colleagues around the world and have developed comprehensive programs that vary by country and region to best address them. In the U.S., these benefits include flexible work arrangements, educational assistance, mental health support, and inclusive benefits like fully paid parental leave, including for adoptions, parents of all genders and same sex partners, as well as fertility and surrogacy benefits. To support colleague and work life balance, we continue to offer enhanced childcare benefits and flexible work arrangements to aid our colleagues in managing their work and family responsibilities. We are proud of our continuing record as a top employer, as recognized by esteemed publications and organizations around the world. Employee Health and Safety We are committed to ensuring a safe working environment for our employees and our Global Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Policy standards define EHS performance requirements for all sites, procedures and recommended practices. Our sites have injury prevention programs, and we strive to build a safety culture. Our procedures emphasize the importance of investigating causes of injuries and action plans to be implemented to mitigate potential recurrence. We track health and safety performance metrics including total injury rate (TIR), lost time injury rate (LTIR), restricted work injuries and medical treatment injuries on a monthly basis for all manufacturing and research and development sites, as well as for U.S. offices, field force, fleet and logistics. Since 2018, we have tracked TIR and LTIR for all our operations worldwide. Our safety programs have resulted in strong safety performance, with TIR and LTIR rates being lower than the industry averages. Information about our Executive Officers Kristin C. Peck Age 53 Chief Executive Officer and Director Ms. Peck has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2020 and as a director since October 2019. Prior to becoming CEO, Ms. Peck was Executive Vice President and Group President, U.S. Operations, Business Development and Strategy at Zoetis from March 2018 to December 2019. Ms. Peck previously served as our Executive Vice President and President, U.S. Operations from May 2015 to February 2018 and Executive Vice President and Group President from October 2012 through April 2015. In these roles, Ms. Peck helped usher Zoetis through its Initial Public Offering in 2013 and has been a driving force of change in areas including Global Manufacturing and Supply, Global Poultry, Global Diagnostics, Corporate Development, and New Product Marketing and Global Market Research. Ms. Peck joined Pfizer in 2004 and held various positions, including Executive Vice President, Worldwide Business Development and Innovation and as a member of Pfizer's Executive Leadership Team. Wetteny Joseph Age 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Joseph has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Mr. Joseph joined Zoetis from Catalent, where he served for 13 years, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Catalent from February 2018 to May 2021. Mr. Joseph joined Catalent in September 2008 where he served as Corporate Controller until October 2012, then as Vice President Finance across multiple business units until October 2015, when he was named President, Clinical Supply Services, one of the company's principal business units. Before joining Catalent, Mr. Joseph held a variety of senior financial positions at the industrial distribution company HD Supply, including as CFO of its plumbing and HVAC business unit. He also served as Corporate Controller for Hughes Supply, a Fortune 500, company that was acquired by Home Depot and became part of HD Supply. In his early career, Mr. Joseph spent six years at PricewaterhouseCoopers as an auditor and strategic financial advisor across a variety of industries. Nick Ashton Age 52 Executive Vice President and President, Global Manufacturing and Supply Mr. Ashton has served as our Executive Vice President and President, Global Manufacturing and Supply since May 2022. Mr. Ashton joined Zoetis in 2020 as Head of Global External Supply, where he led all aspects of the company’s global external manufacturing network, overseeing CMOs to keep pace with customer demand. Mr. Ashton brings more than 25 years of global experience in areas of production, supply chain, external manufacturing, procurement, network strategy and execution for major international companies including GSK, Babcock International and Merck. 12 | Table of Contents Jamie Brannan Age 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Mr. Brannan has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since November 2024. He served as our Executive Vice President, Group President International Operations, Aquaculture and Global Diagnostics from November 2022 to November 2024. He served as our President of International Operations from June 2021 to November 2022. He served as our Senior Vice President of the U.K., Ireland and Nordics Cluster from 2016 to 2021. Mr. Brannan joined Zoetis from Mölnlycke Health Care where he most recently served as the Surgical Business Director and General Manager for the U.K. and Ireland. Rimma Driscoll Age 52 Executive Vice President and Head of Global Strategy, Commercial and Business Development, and Global BioDevices Ms. Driscoll has served as our Executive Vice President and Head of Global Strategy, Commercial and Business Development since November 2022. She also has had oversight for the company’s Global BioDevices business since February 2023. Previously, she served as our Senior Vice President, Business Development from January 2020 to November 2022. She served as our Vice President, Business Development and Commercial Alliances from 2016 to January 2020. Ms. Driscoll joined Zoetis in February 2016, from Procter & Gamble Company, where she worked for more than 20 years running Global Business Development, Mergers & Acquisitions and Alliance organizations for their consumer healthcare and pharmaceuticals businesses. Jeannette Ferran Astorga Age 50 Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Communications and Chief Sustainability Officer Ms. Ferran Astorga has served as our Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Communications and Chief Sustainability Officer since January 2022 and also serves as President of the Zoetis Foundation. She joined Zoetis in September 2020 as Vice President, Head of Sustainability. Prior to joining Zoetis, Ms. Ferran Astorga was Vice President of Corporate Responsibility at the Ascena Retail Group where she served since 2015 leading the global team responsible for strategic enterprise initiatives, including supply chain compliance, sustainability, diversity and inclusion, and corporate philanthropy. Ms. Ferran Astorga held a variety of leadership roles with increasing responsibility at ANN INC., a women’s fashion retail company that was acquired by Ascena Retail Group. Julie Fuller Age 51 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer and Global Operations Ms. Fuller has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer and Global Operations since August 2024. Prior to joining Zoetis, Ms. Fuller was Chief People Officer at PVH Corp. Prior to PVH, Ms. Fuller was the Vice President of Global Talent and Organizational Effectiveness for Nike, Inc. and held key leadership positions at Avon and PepsiCo. Roxanne Lagano Age 60 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Ms. Lagano has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since May 2024. She served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from November 2012 and in January 2020 she took on responsibility for Global Operations and Security functions. She previously had oversight of the company’s Corporate Communications function from 2015 to 2019. Ms. Lagano joined Pfizer in 1997 and held various positions, including Senior Vice President, Global Compensation, Benefits and Wellness and Senior Director, Business Transactions, Pfizer Worldwide Human Resources. Robert J. Polzer Age 56 Executive Vice President and President, Research and Development Dr. Polzer has served as our Executive Vice President and President, Research and Development since January 2022. Dr. Polzer joined Zoetis in 2015 as the Head of Global Therapeutics. Prior to Zoetis, Dr. Polzer spent over 20 years with Pfizer in drug metabolism research with roles of increasing organizational impact including global leadership of Pharmcokinetics, Dynamics, and Metabolism. Keith Sarbaugh Age 46 Executive Vice President and Chief Digital & Technology Officer Mr. Sarbaugh has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Digital & Technology Officer since November 2024. He served as our Chief Information Officer from March 2023 to November 2024. Prior to joining Zoetis, he was VP, Information Technology at Biogen, overseeing all aspects of Infrastructure, IT Operations and Enterprise Architecture globally. Previously, he held various corporate leadership roles at Eli Lilly and Company, including Head of IT Infrastructure and Enabling Functions and Regional CIO for Lilly’s U.S. Commercial, Southeastern and Central Eastern European businesses. Environmental, Health and Safety We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern matters such as the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water; the generation, use, storage, handling, treatment, packaging, transportation, exposure to, and disposal of hazardous and biological materials, including recordkeeping, reporting and registration 13 | Table of Contents requirements; and the health and safety of our employees. Due to our operations, these laws and regulations also require us to obtain, and comply with, permits, registrations or other authorizations issued by governmental authorities. These authorities can modify or revoke our permits, registrations or other authorizations and can enforce compliance through fines and injunctions. Certain environmental laws, such as the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended (CERCLA), impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for cleanup costs on persons who disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment, including at sites or offsite disposal locations, or those who currently own or operate (or formerly owned or operated) sites where such a release occurred. In addition to actions brought by federal, state, local and foreign governmental entities, private parties could raise personal injury or other claims against us due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous materials on, from or otherwise relating to such a property. We have made, and intend to continue to make, necessary expenditures for compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We are also a party to proceedings in which the primary relief sought is the cost of past and/or future remediation, or remedial measures to mitigate or remediate pollution. In connection with such proceedings, and otherwise, we are investigating and cleaning up environmental contamination from past industrial activity at certain sites, or financing other parties' completion of such activities. As a result, we incurred capital and operational expenditures in 2024 for environmental compliance purposes and for the of certain past industrial activities as follows: • environmental-related capital expenditures - approximately $5 million; and • other environmental-related expenditures - approximately $23 million. However, we may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities relating to our current and former properties, or those liabilities associated with disposal locations. Such liability could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, regulatory agencies are showing increasing concern over the impact of animal health products and livestock operations on the environment. This increased regulatory scrutiny may necessitate that additional time and resources be spent to address these concerns in both new and existing products. In connection with past acquisitions and divestitures, we have undertaken certain indemnification obligations that require us, or may require us in the future, to conduct or finance environmental cleanups at sites that we no longer own or operate. We have also entered into indemnification agreements in which we are being indemnified for various environmental cleanups; however, such indemnities are limited in both time and scope and may be further limited in the presence of new information, or may not be available at all. While we cannot predict with certainty our future capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental compliance or remediation of contaminated sites, we currently have no reason to believe that they will have a material adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition. Available Information The company's internet website address is www.zoetis.com. On our website, the company makes available, free of charge, its annual, quarterly and current reports, including amendments to such reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after the company electronically files such material with, or furnishes such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Also available on our website is information relating to corporate governance at Zoetis and our Board of Directors, including as follows: our Corporate Governance Principles; Zoetis Code of Conduct (for all of our directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, and Controller); Board Committees membership and Committee Charters; and ways to communicate by email with our Directors. We will provide any of the foregoing information without charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary, Zoetis Inc., 10 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054. Information relating to shareholder services is also available on our website. We will disclose any future amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of these ethics policies and standards affecting our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, and Controller on our website as promptly as practicable, as may be required under applicable SEC and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules. We use our website (www.zoetis.com) as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. These disclosures are included in t

[truncated]