Across The Markets: JD Wetherspoon, Spire Healthcare, The Works 2026-03-20 08:49:10 (4 months ago) Related Companies: Wetherspoon (J.D.) (JDW) , Spire Healthcare Group (SPI) , TheWorks.Co.Uk (WRKS) JD Wetherspoon Pub operator JD Wetherspoon issued interim results this morning and whilst sales continue to outperform the wider market, the company is continuing to battle against rising costs. Increased wage bills, new environmental levies and higher input costs are all taking a toll and whilst the company appears to be absorbing most of those extras to manage a fragile consumer outlook that’s taking a toll on profitability. The H1 metric was down almost 20% year on year and the note cautions that the full year profits may be below current expectations. The JD Wetherspoon share price was 10% lower in early trade. Spire Healthcare The private hospitals operator saw its share price jump significantly higher this morning following media reports last night that the proposed offer for the company from Bridgepoint had taken another step forward. Sky News announced that a bid of around 230p per share was being considered, although with the “put up or shut up” deadline currently set to expire at the weekend an extension will be required. At the time of writing there was no official market notification of the news but the Spire share price was up more than 8%. TheWorks.co.uk Discount retailer The Works has this morning provided an update for the market, advising that it will suspend online trading operations with immediate effect, reverting back to a traditional bricks and mortar store proposition. That’s going to come with £2m worth of costs but management are confident that the new trading model will result in higher profitability with the FY27 forecast being upped from £12.7m to £15m. Further store expansion is planned and The Works share price was up 18% by 8.45am. The assumption would be that a formal change to the company’s name will now follow… Most read news on Investegate this morning Strategic investment in Chilean copper developer - - Power Metal Resources (POW) Response to media speculation - - Unilever (ULVR) Interim Results - - Wetherspoon (J.D.) (JDW) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 7 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 7 hours ago Great Southern Copper 7 hours ago OSB Group 7 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and