STRONG
1) AGHE

< ‘
f=}
Q
Pa
= *AESZR56G*
Al4 03/07/2025 #164
COMPANIES HOUSE

JD Grou JD Sports Fashion Pic
p Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Group JD Sports Fashion Plc
Information | Annual Report & Accounts 2025

JD is a leading global
sports fashion powerhouse
that seeks to inspire the
emerging generation of
globally-minded consumers
through a connection to
the universal cultures of
sport, music and fashion.

WHO WE ARE

The JD Group is a leading global omnichannel stores worldwide. Our strategy is focused on

retailer of sports fashion brands, providing four strategic pillars: JD Brand First to be the
customers with the products they most want first choice for consumers globally; leveraging
across footwear and apparel from established Complementary Concepts such as our US

and new premium brands. community brands; moving Beyond Physical

Founded in 1981 with a single store in Bury, Retail by creating a lifestyle ecosystem of

Greater Manchester, England by John Wardle
and David Makin, we have grown to 4,850

CONNECT GLORUY
INSPIRE [1/1147
EMPOWER [UAL

relevant products and services; and doing our
best for our People, Partners and Communities.

\
i
Governance Financial Group JD Sports Fashion Pic ]

Report Statements information Annual Report & Accounts 2025
CONTENTS
Strategic Report
Overview
Performance Summary 2
Strategic Highlights 3
Ata Glance 4
Our Culture 6
Investment Case 8
Business Review
Chair's Statement 10
Chief Executive Officer's Review 12
Market Review 18
Our Business Model 20
Our Strategy 22
Strategy in Action 24
Key Performance Indicators 32
Chief Financial Officer's Statement 34
Principal Risks 44
ESG 54
Stakeholder Engagement 82
Non-Financial and Sustainability 87
Information Statement
Governance Report
Governance at a Glance a8
Chair's introduction to Governance 89
Board of Directors 90
Senior Leadership Team 92
Directors’ Report 94
Corporate Governance Report 98
Nominations Committee Report 104
Audit & Risk Committee Report 106
ESG Committee Report n2
Directors’ Remuneration Report 14
Statement of Directors’ 140
Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report 141
Financial Statements
Consolidated Income Statement 154
Consolidated Statement 154
‘of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement 155
of Financial Position
Consolidated Statement 156

‘of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 157

Notes to the Consolidated 158
Financial Statements

Company Balance Sheet 229
Company Statement of Changes 230
in Equity

Notes to the Company 231

Financial Statements

Group Information

Alternative Performance Measures 246
Financial Calendar 283
Shareholder Information 283

tratogic Governance Financial
Report Report Statements

JD Sports Fashion Pie

Information Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Performance Summary

Revenue!

£11,458m

+10.2%

Profit before tax and adjusting items'*”

£923m

(4.0)%

Operating margin before adjusting items
after interest on lease liabilities”

2%

(80)bps

1 202518 a S2-week year to 1 February 2025, To aid comparability, 2024 results and associated percentage changes are presented on an unaudited $2-week basis Further
information jacluding a reconciliation to statutory measures is included in the Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 246 to 252

2 For the financial period ended | February 2025, the Group has updated the adjusting items policy to include the amortisation of acquired intangible assets. 2023 and 2024
comparatives have been restated for comparability Please refer to Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further details of the restatement

‘Throughout the Annual Report “indicates an instance of a term defined and explained in

reconciliation to statutory measures. Further detail setting out the background to the Alternative Performance Measures is given in Note | to the financial statements.

Operating profit’

£903m

(2.0)%

Profit before tax'

£715m

(11.3)%

Basic earnings per share

9.50p

(9.1)%

‘The definttion of adjusting items is included in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 168

fe Alternative Performance Measures section on page 246 along with a

Group JD Sports Fashion Pic
Information Annual Report & Accounts 2025

‘inancial

Governance
Report

Strategic Highlights

JD
BRAND FIRST

Net no. of JD fascia stores opened!

226

COMPLEMENTARY
CONCEPTS

Stores acquired through Hibbett
and Courir acquisitions

1,485

BEYOND
PHYSICAL RETAIL

JD STATUS active accounts globally

Sm+

PEOPLE, PARTNERS
AND COMMUNITIES

Employees aged under 30 years

75%

1 Includes stores converted from other fascias

Hl
Governance Financial
Report Statements

ATA’

A leading global sports fashion retailer

Group
Information

JD Sports Fashion Plc 4 |
‘Annual Report & Accounts 2025 |

TOTAL NUMBER OF STORES

4,850

"excluding gyms

‘including Finish Line and
Finish Line at Macy's

603 32

92

with a growing number of JD gyms

Governance Financial Group JO Sports Fashion Pic
Report Statements Information Annual Report & Accounts 2025,
Country Stores Country Stores
UK - 665 US 2,470
Total 665 Canada 34
~ 2,504

Country Stores Country Stores Country Stores
France 387 Czech Republic 10 Australia él
Spain 357 Hungary 10 Malaysia 20
Poland 215 Croatia 6 Thailand 10
Portugal 113 Denmark 6 Singapore 6
Germany 92 Austria 5 _New Zealand 5
Greece 84 Bulgaria 5 Total 102
Italy 82 Finland 5
Netherlands 42 Latvia __ 5
Romania 42 Sweden 3
Belgium 39 Luxembourg 3
Ireland 27. Bosnia 1 TOTAL COUNTRIES
Slovakia _ 14 Serbia 1
Lithuania 12 Slovenia 7
Cyprus ~ Tl Andorra 1

Total 1579

We also operate JD stores in Indonesia, Saudi Arabia, Gatar, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE,
South Africa and Israel, via franchise and joint venture agreements, In addition, Courir
has franchises operating in Azerbaijan, UAE, Kuwait, Qatar, Cote d'ivoire, Senegal
Morocco, Tunisia, Israel, and departments of France (Gulana and Réunion).

including franchises and

Joint ventures

|
Governance Financia Group
Report Statements {information

Our Culture

The JD Group fosters a dynamic and innovation-
driven culture, emphasising brand identity

and engagement. Through active participation
and feedback from colleagues, the Group has
cultivated an environment where individuals
across all territories and fascia feel integrated
into the JD Family's DNA. Globally, colleagues can
express and bring their whole selves to their roles,

ENGAGEMENT SCORE

6%

Agree “It can be myself at work.”

4D Sports Fashion Plc 6
| Annual Report & Accounts 2025

which is reflected in the Group’s latest engagement
score with 86% of colleagues agreeing with the
statement, “/ can be myself at work.”

By nurturing a culture of respect, collaboration
and belonging, colleagues within the Group
feel valued, supported and inspired to reach
their full potential. This culture is embedded

in the Group’s mission to:

CONNECT GLO /UNY
INSPIRE OCALA?

EMPOWER
INDIVIDUALLY,

Governance
Report

Employee Resource Groups (‘ERGs’):

‘Our ERGs, each supported by executive
sponsors, meet quarterly with leads of our
diversity community networks to discuss key
takeaways from monthly meetings. These
discussions inform decision making and
foster a culture of belonging, enabling
diverse groups to thrive.

Town Hall Meetings:

Hosted by our CEO and CFO, these
meetings reinforce our shared purpose
and keep colleagues informed of key
decisions. Live Q&A sessions address
concerns in real time, reducing
uncertainty and providing clarity.

Demographic Data:

By analysing demographic data, we
understand how different groups experience
life at JD. This helps us take targeted actions
to enhance inclusivity, connecting with
colleagues, customers and communities,
and attracting and retaining top talent.

Financial
Statements

Group
Information

Culture Calendar Initiatives:

Managed by our People Experience team,
the culture calendar celebrates and
acknowledges important events throughout
the year. ERGs play a crucial role in ensuring
these initiatives are authentic, backed by
senior leaders.

Key
Initiatives

Executive Support:

Our Executive team regularly visits retait
stores to connect with colleagues providing
an opportunity for questions. This visibility
supports collaboration between retail, head
office and distribution centres. In addition,
‘our Non Executive Director for Workforce
Engagement leads culture engagement
events, such as International Women’s Day.

JD Sports Fashion Plc
Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Engagement Survey:

Our Global Engagement Survey provides
colleagues with the opportunity to
confidentiatly share their experiences

‘of working with JD Group. The data is
reviewed by leadership teams to identify
common themes and create action plans

for necessary changes. In the latest survey,
we achieved a response rate of 88%, with an
engagement score of 70% (an increase of 1%
compared to 2023), an enablement score of
79% (an increase of 5% compared to 2023),
and an empowerment score of 80%

(an increase of 3% compared to 2023).

The survey has been instrumental in helping
us focus our attention on the things that

are important to our teams. For example,
the introduction of our ERGs was a direct
result of feedback from the 2023
engagement survey. We continue to use

the survey data to inform our strategy and
make necessary changes to enhance the
overall employee experience.

Nicola Kowalczuk
Chief People Officer

@. How do you embed a Positive Culture across the Group?

A. At the heart of our strategy for embedding a positive culture

ties our commitment to integrating the mission of our group into our
everyday operations. This supports several critical steos designed
to foster a thriving work environment and is achieved through

‘a multifaceted approach:

Empowering Colleagues

We prioritise the long-term investment in colleague development and
wellbeing. This empowerment is achieved through comprehensive
training programmes, wellness initiatives and career development
opportunities that ensure our colleagues can grow and succeed.

Inclusive Environment

Our commitment to inclusivity is unwavering. We strive to create an
‘environment where all colleagues feel empowered to contribute and
where diverse perspectives are not only welcomed but actively sought.
By valuing the unique insights that arise from our diverse workforce,
we cultivate innovation and collaboration.

Leadership and Accountability

Strong leadership and accountability are key in our culture-building
efforts. We foster a culture of transparency and to continuous
improvement by setting clear expectations, providing regular

feedback, and holding ourselves accountable for our actions.
This approach ensures that we are constantly evolving and improving
as an organisation.

Open Communication

Effective communication is essential for embedding a positive culture.
We maintain open communication channels through regular town halls,
engagement surveys with actionable outcomes and in the year 2025,
we will launch our communication app, "JD Now." This app will link all
colleagues globally, ensuring seamless and effective communication
across our diverse workforce.

- By integrating these multifaceted approaches, we believe we can
create a work environment where every colleague feels valued,
empowered and motivated to contribute to the success of our group.
Together, we will continue to build and sustain a positive culture that
drives our mission forward

@. What are the Future Priorities?

A. Our priorities for the next year include communication, engagement,
culture and growth. We will launch our colleague communication app to
connect globally, support uplifting activities and events and embed our
culture.

JD Group is committed to a dynamic, inclusive culture where colleagues
can be their authentic selves. We aim to create an environment where
everyone feels valued and supported, By leveraging demographic data,
we will enhance inclusivity and attract top talent. Together, we can
ensure a future where everyone thrives and makes a difference.

Governance Financial Group
Report Statements

Investment Case

Operating at scale ina
growing market

We operate in the Global Sports Fashion market which is
attractive and growing, benefiting from the
‘ongoing casualisation and active lifestyle trends.

After a period of rapid development, we currently expect the
sportswear market to grow at a slower rate over the medium
term, in line or slightly lower than the last two years at 2 to 3%
annual growth on average.

2-3%

Forecast medium-term sportswear market
average growth per annum

Source: JO Group

Strong and agile multibrand
business model

Our strong and agile multibrand model enables visibility over
trends and a deep understanding of our customer. This gives
us the ability to grow ahead of the market. We have leading
store economics, strong brand relationships and a proven
ability to drive and respond to trends.

We are a key partner for both established global sportswear
brands and emerging fast-growing smaller brands.

Our strong brand relationships lead to optimum product
allocations including a high level of product exclusivity.

150+

Number of brands available to our customers
with sales >£1m

Source: JO Group

Information

| |

JD Sports Fashion Pic 8
‘Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Optimally positioned to
gain share in North America
and Europe

We are a global market leader in sports fashion, with strong
Positions across all our regions. A key strength is our ability
to see the world through the mindset of our customer.

In North America and Europe, we see headroom for further
growth as we continue to roll out our successful model,
leveraging our acquisitions and through selective physical
expansion across both our core JD proposition and

our Complementary Concepts fascias,

2,904 1,579

Total stores
in North America

04

Customer focused
omnichannel model

We have moved from a multichannel to an omnichannel
model. We are channel agnostic: our goal is to meet our
customer's needs whether they want to buy in store or online,
and deliver in store or at home.

Total stores
In Europe

Our stores and fascias are designed to fit our communities,
while our digital footprint moves with the fast pace of the
modern consumer.

We continue to roll out the JD STATUS programme globally,
building on the success in the US and the UK.

>8m

Active JD STATUS members globally

Governance
Report

Financial Group
Statements

Operational excellence to
grow profit ahead of sales

We have invested to ensure we have the right foundations
in place to deliver profit growth ahead of sales over the
medium term.

We are highly disciplined, with a clear focus on our operating
efficiency and the cost base. We will deliver synergies from
‘our recent acquisitions and reduce double-running costs as
we begin to see the benefits of our infrastructure and supply
chain investments.

2%

Operating profit margin before adjusting Items after
interest on lease liabilities*

This solid
foundation
provides an
earnings
growth
opportunity
with high cash
generation.

information

JD Sports Fashion Pic 9
‘Annual Report & Accounts 2025

Strong cash generation and
disciplined capital allocation

We are a highly cash generative business. This underpins
our strong balance sheet position and provides headroom
for investment and to meet our commitments.

We have a clear capital allocation framework and are
committed to delivering returns to shareholders.

Operating cash flow net of lease repayments*

Governance
Report

Chair’s Statement

Financial
| Statements

Group

Reflecting the evolution of our
markets, we have refined our
strategy. | am confident that we
are well positioned to navigate
current market conditions and
deliver improving returns to our
shareholders.”

Andrew Higginson
Chair

Since we set out our strategic plan in February 2023, we've had
many successes including the JD store rollout programme,
completion of key acquisitions in the US and Europe, the clear
focus on core businesses and simplification of the group structure,
and the strengthening of governance and controls. Of course, we
have also addressed a number of challenges along the way,
including delayed progress with our European distribution centre
and the accuracy of our forecasting and subsequent guidance to
the markets,

When reflecting on the period, we have seen the benefits of our
strong and agile multibrand model and | am pleased to report that
we now have the strong foundations in place for the next phase of
‘our development. On the other hand, the broader market
conditions have evolved, resulting in slower market growth, and it
is fair to say the headwinds were more challenging and persistent
than we had anticipated.

Information

4D Sports Fashion Plc
| Annual Report & Accounts 2025

As a result, we announced an updated medium-term strategic
plan in April 2028, after the period end. This set out a clear
framework for delivering profitable growth, improving operating
leverage, maintaining our focus on cash generation and delivering
returns for our shareholders. | will come back to these later.

While we again delivered more than £900m in Profit before tax
and adjusting items", this felt an even greater achievement than
last year given how market conditions were more challenging this
year. We saw a similar trading pattern with excellent performance
across the key trading events such as back-to-school and the
holiday season, reflecting the strengths and skills of our
operational teams across buying and merchandising, marketing
and retail operations. We had the right products, in the right
places, at the right times, which were presented and sold well.

Outside of these key periods, the environment was highly
competitive throughout the year with sustained promotional
activity evident in our key markets. We chose not to participate in
much of this activity with our focus being on maintaining our
financial discipline in order to protect our margins. This approach
is in line with our strategy to be a full price, premium retailer. It's
worth reiterating that this proposition is recognised and valued by
‘our brand partners and, in return, we get great access to innovation
and new products.

We also saw an increasingly cautious consumer as the year
progressed, ending the year in a much more uncertain geo-
Political and economic environment, and recent developments
around tariffs, for example, have only increased this uncertainty.
We saw lower footfall and conversion across most of our key
markets with the average selling price helping to bridge across to.
flat like-for-like sales through the period.

Turning to the operational side, | shared previously our journey
regarding building the foundations of a more sustainable business
in terms of people, systems, processes and controls, in keeping
with our strategy. These elements are essential when building a
business that can continue to grow and provide attractive returns
for our shareholders. You will recall, | highlighted previously

‘a number of areas of internal control weakness and addressing
these has obviously been a priority. 'm pleased to report that

we are developing a rigorous internal control environment
appropriate for a Group of our scale, including a strong focus

on improving IT Controls, As you would expect, we will continue
to develop and enhance these controls as appropriate on an
ongoing basis

Last year, we made a number of key changes to the composition
of the Board, which included bringing on a new Chief Financial
Officer and three new non-executive directors to ensure we had
the right balance of skills, experience and diverse perspectives to
support the Group's strategie direction. We continued this process
into FY25 and made the appointment of our first US-based Board
director, reflecting that the US represents 40% of the business
following the acquisition of Hibbett, Inc. (‘Hibbett'), which | discuss
in more detail below. Following these developments, | am pleased
to report that the Board governance and oversight is strong and
we are operating effectively, fostering a culture of robust debate,
accountability and careful decision making as we navigate the
opportunities and challenges ahead

“Throughout the Annual Report "indicates an instance of a term defined and explained in the Alternative Performance Measures section on page 246 along with a

reconciliation to statutory measures. Further detail setting out the background to the Alternative Performance Measures is given in Note ° to the financial statements.
The definition of adusting items is included in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 168