TE

FOCUSED.
READY.

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

FOCUSED.
READY.

Built from a single store in Bury, Manchester
back in 1981, JD Group (‘JD’) has grown into a
leading global omni-channel retailer in Sports
Fashion with over 4,800 stores worldwide.

Our success is built on a deep connection

with youth culture - driven by sport, music and
fashion - and strengthened by long-standing
partnerships with iconic global brands like
Nike, adidas, New Balance and Asics. These
collaborations allow us to offer exclusive styles
and early access to high-demand products,
reinforcing JD’s position at the forefront

of global trainer and streetwear culture.

JD doesn’t just sell products; it builds
communities, curates experiences and
sets trends across markets worldwide.

CONTENTS

‘STRATEGK REPORT

Ata Glance
Highlights

Investment Case

Chair's Statement

Chief Executive Officer's Review
Market Review

Our Business Model

Our Strategy

Strategy in Action

Key Performance Indicators

Chief Financial Officer's Statement
Principal Risks

Assessment of the Group

ESG

Section 172 Statement
Stakeholder Engagement
Non-Financial and Sustainability
Information Statement

Governance at a Glance

Chair's Introduction to Governance
Board of Directors

Senior Leadership Team
Corporate Governance Report
Nominations Committee Report
Audit & Risk Committee Report
ESG Committee Report

Directors’ Remuneration Report
Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

Independent Auditor's Report

Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement

‘of Comprehensive income
Consolidated Statement

of Financial Position
Consolidated Statement

of Changes in Equity

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements

Company Balance Sheet

Company Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Company
Financial Statements

Alternative Performance Measures
Financial Calendar
Shareholder Information

82
83
84
86
88
94
96

102

104

124

127

128

Bo
139

140

141

142
148

206
207
208

222
229
229

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

Strategie Governance Financial Group 4D Sports Fashion Pic
Report Report Statements Information Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

Strategie Governance Financial Group
Report Report Statements Information

At a Glance

an nae

WHAT MAKES US UNIQUE

OUR VISION OUR MISSION

Continuously set the global
standard for retail experience
through best-in-class operations,
connected consumer experiences
and the unique delivery of the
world’s most authentic brands

to the market.

Connect globally
Inspire locally
Empower individually

JD seeks to inspire the emerging
generation of globally minded
consumers through a connection
to the universal culture of sport,

music and fashion.

OUR FASCIAS

JD

From the North West of England

to the West Coast of America,

JD stores strive to provide our
customers with the latest exclusive
products from the best global brands.

COMPLEMENTARY
ATHLEISURE

These fascias complement our
JD fascia within premium sports
fashion. While they sell similar brands
to the JD fascia, they do it in locations
and areas not necessarily suitable for
the JD fascia, extending our reach
within the global sportswear market
without diluting the focused proposition
of the JD fascia. Our complementary
athleisure concepts include Hibbett,

DTLR and Shoe Palace in North America,

together with MIG and Courir in Europe.

SPORTING GOODS
AND OUTDOOR

Our sporting goods and outdoors
businesses provide a greater reach for
the Group with a wider customer base,
extended brand and product offering,
and location coverage. Our sporting
goods businesses include ISRG (Sprinter
in Spain and Sport Zone in Portugal) and
Cosmos (Greece and Cyprus), while our
outdoor businesses in the UK include
Outdoors, Blacks and Millets.

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

Strategie Governance Financial Group 4D Sports Fashion Pic

Report Report Statements Information Annual Report & Accounts 2026
NORTH AMERICA EUROPE UK ASIA PACIFIC
Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue
£4,779m £4,246m £3,110m £527m
Stores Stores Stores Stores

2,519 1,562 615 TIS

Countries of operations Total stores Colleagues

4,811 96k+

We operate JO stores in Indonesia, the Philippines, Qatar, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE, KSA and South Africa via franchise agreements. In addition, Courir has franchises operating in
Algeria, Egypt, UAE, Kuwait, Qatar, Cote d'ivoire, Senegal, Morocco, Mauritius, Tunisia, and departments of France (Guiana, Guadeloupe, Martinique, Saint Martin and Réunion).

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

strategie Governance Financial
Report Report Statements

Group
Information

JD Sports Fashion Ple
Annual Report & Accounts 2026

4

At a Glance continued

OUR FASCIAS

OUR FASCIAS ACROSS JD GROUP INCLUDE:

JD is a sports fashion, multi-
brand, multi-channel retailer of
sports and casual wear,
combining globally

recognised and emerging brands
with strong private labels to
provide an elevated consumer
‘experience. JD is an industry
leading retail business which
‘combines the best of physical

JD acquired Finish Line in 2018,
recognising it as a leader in
premium, multi-branded,
athletic footwear, apparel and
accessories in the US. Since
acquisition, Finish Line has been
a platform for the roll-out of JD
through store conversions. It is
also the exclusive partner of
athletic shoes for Macy's, one of

JD Gyms offers seriously stylish,
seriously affordable, award-
winning fitness facilities across
the UK and plays host toa
bespoke mix of industry-leading
equipment and an exciting range
of fitness classes.

Established in 2000, Size?
specialises in supplying the

finest products from the best
brands in footwear, apparel and
accessories. Initially set up to trial
edgier product collections before
introducing them to the mass
market through the JD fascia,
the Size? offer has since grown
to include its own roster of highly

and digital retail to give a the premier department store sought-after worldwide exclusive
‘compelling consumer ‘operators in the US, operating product releases, Outside of the
proposition, enabling its ‘Finish Line at Macy's’ UK, Size? has stores in Canada,
customers to shop seamlessly concessions. Denmark, France, Ireland, Italy,

across all channels.

Footpatrol is famous for
supplying the sneaker fraternity
with the most desirable footwear,
apparel and accessories,

Livestock is renowned in Canada
as the premier destination for
limited-release and classic
‘sneakers, complemented

Mainline is one of the leading
UK retailers specialising in men’s
designer clothing, footwear

and accessories. Official

the Netherlands and Spain.

‘The HIP Store curates modern
lifestyle brands from around the
world. Since the store opened in
1987, our portfolio has centred

specialising in new and classic ‘by a premium apparel offering. stockists of some of the around fascinating labels with
sneakers, limited editions, gest designer labels. compelling stories, unique
Japanese exclusives and versions of craftsmanship

rare deadstock. The original
Footpatrol store is based in the
heart of Soho on Berwick Street,
which is complemented by a
second store on the fashionable
Rue de Temple in Paris.

and a clear focus on quality.

Strategie
Report

Governance
Report

COMPLEMENTARY CONCEPTS

COMPLEMENTARY ATHLEISURE

Financial

Statements

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

Group
Information

SPORTING GOODS AND OUTDOOR

5

4D Sports Fashion Pic
‘Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama,
Hibbett is a leading sports fast \spired
retailer in North America. Hibbett broadens
the consumer reach of the JD Group in

the region through its stores located in
underserved communities.

DTLRis a Baltimore-based streetwear
retailer specialising in athletic footwear
and apparel. It operates stores across
the Northern and Eastern US including
stores transferred from City Gear.
Originally Downtown Locker Room,
OTLR rebranded and merged with
Philadelphia's Sneaker Villa Inc. in 2017.

Shoe Palace is a West Coast retailer of
branded sports footwear and apparel.

It has a strong presence in Texas, Nevada,
Arizona, Florida, Colorado, New Mexico
and Hawaii, and connection to Hispanic
and Latino communities.

Sizeer is a premium, sneaker-focused
fascia operated by Marketing Investment
Group (MIG’), an acquisition made by
JD in 2021, present in stores across
Central and Eastern Europe.

Established in 1980, Courir is a leading
player in the European sports footwear
and apparel sector with 311 stores. A
premier destination of choice for women
thanks to concept stores tailored to their
needs and collaborations specifically
designed for them.

From humble beginnings, Nice Kicks
started in the Spring of 2006 in a spare
bedroom with one mission to provide shoe
enthusiasts with authoritative, accurate
and credible news, information and history
about sneakers.

Sprinter is one of the leading sports
retailers in Spain, selling footwear, apparel,
accessories and equipment for a wide
range of sports as well as lifestyle casual
wear and childrenswear. Its offer includes
both international sports brands and
successful private labels.

‘Sport Zone is a well-established and
leading sports retailer in Portugal offering
a multi-branded, footwear, accessories and
‘equipment range across multiple sports.

Go Outdoors ("GO") focuses on innovation
and authenticity while never losing sight of
the consumer value expectation. Whether
it’s walking, camping, cycling, fishing or
horse riding, GO is always looking for
fresh ideas to keep things fun. It stocks
exclusive brands such as North Ridge

and Peter Storm.

Blacks is a long-established retailer of
specialist outdoor apparel, footwear and
equipment. Blacks largely stocks more
technical products from premium brands
such as Berghaus and The North Face.
helping outdoor participants reach their
goals, no matter how high.

For well over a century, Millets has been
providing the UK with the latest and best in
‘outdoor clothing, footwear and equipment,
bringing family and friends together for
adventure and exploration in the outdoors.

Deporvillage is a specialist online sports
retailer focused primarily on cycling,
running and outdoor, with broader ranges
spanning sports equipment, apparel,
footwear and accessories.

Tiso is Scotland's leading adventure sports
retailer specialising in outdoor, mountain,
skiing and cycling. Originally founded in 1962,
its reputation for quality has been established
‘over 60+ years. The Tiso group is based in
Scotland but includes the iconic George
Fisher store in the English Lake District.

Ultimate Outdoors is a one-stop shop

for outdoor enthusiasts, from casual park
strolls to mountain adventures. Stocking
top brands like Rab, The North Face and
Merrell, it equips customers for every level
of outdoor pursuit.

Fishing Republic offers top value and
choice for UK anglers through three
standalone stores and concessions in

Go Outdoors. Known for expert advice,

it provides a wide range of gear in store and
‘online for all angling styles - from carp and
coarse to sea, fly and predator fishing.

Naylors has built a reputation for providing
quality equestrian apparel, footwear,

tack and horse supplies. Whether you

are a happy hacker, a competitive rider,

‘or simply love to get outdoors in the
countryside, Naylors is your go-to store,
for all things equestrian, country and pets.
Naylors stocks brands including Ariat,
Horseware, WeatherBeeta, Barbour

and Dubarry,

The history of Cosmos Sport starts

more than 40 years ago, in Hersonissos,
Heraklion. Now covering Greece and
Cyprus, Cosmos Sport has 6 retail brands
in its portfolio, with 85 stores.

Docusign Envelope 1D: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

Strategic Governance Financial Group (JD Sports Fashion Pic 6

Report Report Staternents Information ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Highlight

PERFORMANCE SUMMARY © For more information, see pages 34 to 43
Revenue £m Operating profit £m Operating margin before

£12,662m

+10.5%

Profit before tax and
adjusting items*

£852m

(7.7)%

STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS
@ JDBRANDFiRsT

Focusing on putting the JD brand at the forefront of
premium sports fashion and expanding the global store
footprint, ensuring JO is the first choice for consumers
across the globe.

£787m

(12.8)%

Basic earnings per share (pence)

8.63p

(9.2)%

adjusting items after interest
on lease liabilities'*

7.0%

(120)bps

Free cash flow?

£462m

+36%

© For more information, see pages 24 to 31

© COMPLEMENTARY CONCEPTS

Strengthening our sports fashion offer and reach through
our Complementary Athleisure fascias in the US and
Europe, enhancing our Sporting Goods proposition across
Europe and sharpening our Outdoor portfolio in the UK.

Number of
JD stores opened

165

Combined Complementary
Athleisure and Sporting Goods
and Outdoors revenue growth

29%

© BEYOND PHYSICAL RETAIL

Investing in our systems, technology and cyber security,
and optimising our supply chain to support our digital
transformation. Developing JD's omni-channel offer

to increase and enhance our customer interactions
Beyond Physical Retail, and leveraging loyalty,

data and Al to support future growth.

@© PEOPLE, PARTNERS AND COMMUNITIES

Supporting our People, Partners and Communities and
building on the great team that we have at JD, without
whom JD's success would not be possible. We will
continue to recruit from the communities we serve,
offer internal development and progression,

and recognise and reward our talent.

JD STATUS loyalty programme
active accounts globally

9m

Global engagement
survey score

72%

1 These Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are presented with FY26 & FY25 audited 52 week basis to aid comparability. Further information including a reconciliation to
statutory measures is included in the Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 222 to 228.

2 The Group has updated its cash flow KPI from operating cashflow net of lease repayments to free cash flow, reflecting a more widely used measure of cash generation.
This change better aligns the KPI with how performance is assessed internally and supports comparability with peers across the FTSE. Further information and the full

definition are included on page 33.

Indicates the use of a term defined and explained in the Alternative Performance Measures section on pages 222 to 228 along with a reconciliation to statutory measures.
Further information regarding adjusting items is provided in Note 4 to the financial statements from page 154.

with our own operations in 36 countries
(excluding locations where we have
franchised stores), and nearly €13bn in
revenue. While the global sports fashion
market has matured after many years

of high growth, it remains structurally
attractive, supported by dynamic and
long-term casualisation & active lifestyle
trends. With 75% of revenue from

North America, Europe and Asia Pacific,
we have significant runway to further grow
‘our sales and market share in these regions.

Accelerating multiple
levers to drive
sales growth

We are accelerating a broad programme
of strategic initiatives across marketing,
product ranging, digital and data, loyalty
and personalisation, Al-enabled capabilities
and store footprint optimisation.

These levers deepen customer
engagement, enhance conversion
and basket size, and increase the
productivity of our stores and online
channels, supporting sustained,
market-beating sales growth.

Docusign Envelope 1D: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

‘Strategic Governance Financial Group
Report Report ‘Statements Information
Strong global footprint Leveraging an agile,
across growing markets multi-brand and multi-
JD Group (‘JD’) operates at global scale strategy business model

(Our multi-brand model is more diverse
than ever, enabling JD to partner with
both global leaders and emerging brands,
thereby “winning with the winner”, We
benefit from strong brand relationships,
premium product allocations, exclusive
product (informed by our unique
customer insights), and added resilience
and relevance via our multi-category
assortment (with apparel sales penetration
now at 30%). Our retail-first model
buying deep, not wide - keeps us agile
and ahead of fashion trends.

Driving growth through
a customer-focused
omni-channel
proposition

JD's omni-channel proposition combines
vibrant, theatrical stores - where sports
fashion meets music and youth culture -
with cutting-edge digital experiences. With
‘online representing 21% of sales, and more
touchpoints through click & collect and
ship-from-store, we are strengthening our
‘ecosystem to meet customers wherever
and however they choose to shop. Our
global e-commerce re-platforming and
Al-driven agentic commerce initiatives will
further enhance discovery, personalisation,
speed and convenience for our customers.

4D Sports Fashion Pic
Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Enhancing operational
efficiency to
strengthen profitability

We have a growing track record

of discipline and agility across our
operating cost management, store
productivity initiatives and supply chain
‘optimisation. Our focused approach
positions us to expand our profitability
‘over time, particularly in Europe and North
America where we see the most runway
for operational efficiency improvements.

Prioritising cash
generation and enhanced
shareholder returns

JD's resilient business model generated
‘over £1.3bn of operating cash flow and
£462m of free cash flow in FY26. Net
leverage stands at 1.4x, with net cash
(excluding leases) of E3tIm. We expect to
continue generating significant free cash
flow over the medium term, supported by
profit growth and more effective working
capital management. This underpins our
commitment to continue delivering
significant cash returns to shareholders.

‘Strategic Governance Financial Group JD Sports Fashion Plc

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B 8
Report Report Statements Information ‘Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Chair’s Statement

Andrew Higginson
Chair

We keep pushing forward and

aim to lead, not follow trends -

to meet the needs of our customers
whilst delivering strong returns

for our shareholders. 59

Andrew Higginson
Chair

We handled all these challenges well and delivered a highly

resilient performance. On behalf of the Board, | want to thank

every colleague for their hard work and commitment - they're

the reason JD is where it is today.

In FY26, we stuck to what we do best and delivered on our
|_| strategy. We kept strong control of our costs and cash, stayed

disciplined, and finished the year with a clean net inventory
Position. As ever, JD's differentiator was giving customers the

During FY26, we continued to best choice in sports fashion, with the latest and often exclusive
. . products. We opened more stores, pushed our ‘UD First’ plan,
make strategic progress despite and made our online and delivery operations stronger.

the challenges faced globally within Ongoing Transformation

In FY26, we made big steps forward with our supply chain.

the retail environment. The sector We introduced automation at our Heerlen Distribution Centre in
continued to be promotional, as vontualy, onccuy to pentomon gerose Europe. We also opened
consumer finances came under strain 3i5i,Sncr tp oainutrinelosasin ne Shey wi
and key product lines neared the ein ws curbigeest rome our stores and manage online
end of their cycle, while also facing We made further investment in our technology infrastructure and
uncertainty from tariffs. thoy customers wil soon be able touse Al latfors to find and

buy our footwear, apparel and accessories with one click, straight
from the top Al apps.

Docusign Envelope ID: 072AF972-31DA-8E4D-80EC-E4E43766D54B

Strategic Governance Financial Group
Information

Report Report Statements

Medium-Term Plan Update

While progress is underway, JD acknowledges the need to
continually review and adapt its strategy to the changing
conditions in the global markets in which we operate.

In April 2025, we announced the Group's Medium-Term Plan Update.
This was partly in response to lower industry growth in the sports
fashion market worldwide. It also reflected that. with a period of

significant supply chain and infrastructure investment and M&A.

activity now largely behind us, our priority and renewed focus is

on driving shareholder returns.

Over the medium term we plan to grow our organic revenue’

ahead of the market, which we estimate to be around 2-3% per
annum, led by our investment in space growth. The contribution

from space growth should settle at around 2-3% of revenue in

the medium term as our capex becomes more targeted and the

like-for-like CLFL’) base grows larger. We now expect capital
expenditure to trend to 3-3.5% of revenue, reflecting a lower

phase of capital investment with no material M&A opportunities in
the pipeline. With strong cash generation and a more disciplined
approach to capital allocation, we're focusing our spending on the
stores, digital and supply chain improvements that really matter.

With our new approach, we're backing our core markets,
such as North America and Europe, to deliver further growth

and improve profitability, driving enhanced shareholder returns.

On the announcement of our FY25 financial results, we set out

that 70% of our capital expenditure will be in North America

and Europe with the balance spread across the rest of the Group.
In North America - approximately 40% of global sales in FY26 -
we already have a scale business, but there remains a significant

growth opportunity for the JD fascia and our Complementary

Athleisure. In Europe, which accounts for 33% of Group sales, we
are building on areas where we have seen success with a plan to
grow revenue and improve our operating margin to high single
digits. In the UK, which is our most established market, our focus
will be on sales productivity. As we continue to invest in our stores,

we will aim to deliver a consistent customer experience and
optimise productivity in our UK estate. Across the rest of the

world, our strategy is to grow the JD fascia, which will be expanded
mainly via our capital-light franchise model. We are also working
on opportunities for efficiencies at our head offices in the UK and
in Europe, as well as post-acquisition synergies across the back-
office functions in North America following the Group's acquisition

of Hibbett in 2024.

Beyond FY26, we will start to leverage the investments we have
already made, including in our infrastructure, and drive efficiencies
throughout the Group. Accordingly, over the medium term, we

aim to deliver profit growth ahead of revenue growth.

increased Dividend and Share Buyback Programme
With our strong free cash flow generation and in line with our
medium-term capital allocation priorities, the Board identified
that surplus capital was available for return to shareholders

in FY26. In addition to the ordinary dividend, the Company
repurchased a total of £200m of shares during FY26.

An additional £200m share buyback programme was announced

in February 2026 and will complete during FY27.
The Board proposes paying a final dividend of 0.87 pence per

ordinary share (FY25 final dividend: 0.67 pence), bringing the total
proposed dividend for the 52 weeks to 31 January 2026 to 1.20
pence per ordinary share, representing a 20% increase on FY25

(FY25 total dividend: 1.00 pence). This payout is subject to

shareholder approval at our Annual General Meeting AGM’) on 21
July 2026, the proposed final dividend will be paid on 31 July 2026

to all shareholders on the register at 3 July 2026.

~ Indicates the use of a term defined and explained in the Alternative Performance

Measures section on pages 222 to 228 along with a reconciliation to statutory
measures. Further information regarding adjusting items is provided in Note 4
to the financial statements from page 184.

spurns
Annual Report & Accounts 2026

Financial Summary

Increased returns to shareholders reflect the strength and
resilience of the Group's business model, notwithstanding the
challenging market in which we operated during FY26. in the

52 weeks to 31 January 2026, we delivered revenue growth at
constant FX rate of 11.7%, driven by organic growth of +2.1% and
annualisation of the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions that added
9.8%. Organic growth of 2.1% consisted of 4.2% from new stores
offset by -2.1% LFL growth. This was a resilient performance in the
context of a market that continued to be promotional globally with
declining store footfall trends.

Our gross margin was 47.0%, which was flat year on year,
reflecting 30bps investment in price, particularly online,

to stay connected to our customers and meet their needs,

offset by an increase in marketing contributions. Profit before

tax and adjusting items* was £852m, down 7.7% reflecting the
deleveraging impact of lower LFL sales and cost inflation, partially
offset by cost efficiencies delivered across the business. Adjusted
basic earnings per share was 11.7Ip, down 5.5%, supported partly by
the impact of our £200m share buyback scheme that reduced the
number of shares outstanding.

Ongoing Strong Governance

As announced on Wednesday 22 April 2026, | will not be standing
for re-election at the 21 July 2026 AGM and will step down from
the Board at the conclusion of the AGM.

In recent years we have significantly strengthened our Board,
ensuring we have the right balance of skills and experience

to support the Group's strategic direction. We were delighted

to appoint Sarah Kuijlaars to the Board as an Independent
Non-Executive Director, with effect from 10 November 2025.

am now more confident than ever that the Board governance
and oversight is strong as we continue to navigate the
opportunities and challenges ahead.

The Board is supported by a highly experienced Senior Leadership
Team that drives the delivery of our strategy and leads the Group's
day-to-day operations. A restructure of the team during the year
further strengthened leadership capability through the promotion
of Paul Orange to Managing Director of JD EMEA (UK, Europe,
Middle East and Africa) in January 2026. Previously General
Manager for this region, he brings more than 20 years’ experience
with JD and has been integral to our growth journey, including
playing a key leadership role in our early European expansion.

In total, we have over 96,000 colleagues Group-wide who are

our greatest asset. We aim to provide colleagues with the best
opportunities to develop their careers, to be the best partner for
the brands, and to make a real difference in the communities
where we operate. Many of our store-based colleagues are the
same age as our customers, so they instinctively know how they
think and what they want from our sports fashion offer.

Outlook

As recent history has shown, the coming year will likely bring
challenges and uncertainty, whether these be unforeseen
economic shifts or geo-p: ical uncertainty. But the Group has
plenty to be proud of. We remain highly cash generative, enabling
continued investment in our people, infrastructure, stores and
digital offering, and we are well placed to grow in key markets.
Our multi-brand model and disciplined execution give us the
competitive edge to tackle challenges and navigate uncertainty.
JD has demonstrated many times before the resilience of its
business model, its relevance to customers and an ability to adapt
and lead regardless of market conditions, and | am confident that
this will continue during FY27 and in the years to come.

As this is my last statement as Chair, | would like to thank all those
at JD, past and present, who have contributed so much to the
continued succe