JD SPORTS FASHION PLC FY25 RESULTS JD Sports Fashion PLC 21 May 2025 21 May 2025 JD SPORTS FASHION PLC FY25 RESULTS FOR THE 52 WEEKS TO 1 FEBRUARY 2025 RESILIENT PERFORMANCE AND CONTINUED STRONG CASH GENERATION JD Sports Fashion Plc (the 'Group'), the leading global retailer of sports, fashion and outdoor brands, today announces its full year results for the 52 weeks ended 1 February 2025 (the 'period'). Commenting on the results, Régis Schultz, Chief Executive Officer of JD Sports Fashion Plc, said: "We increased Group revenue on a constant currency basis* by 12% with organic sales growth* of c.6%, more than double the market growth, thanks to our strong and agile, multi-brand model. We delivered a 48% gross margin, excluding the impact of acquisitions*, which was in line with the previous period due to our full price commercial strategy and strong trading discipline in a promotional market. We concluded two important acquisitions in our key strategic markets - Hibbett in the US and Courir in Europe - while we continued to invest in our infrastructure and controls environment. In constant currency, our operating profit* was ahead of last year and our operating cashflow was over £1.2bn, demonstrating our strong cash generation. We achieved Profit before tax and adjusting items* of £923m, in line with our January guidance. "In April, we announced we were adapting our strategy to reflect slower anticipated market growth and an increased focus on profitability, leveraging the investments we have made to support our growth in the key markets of North America and Europe, delivering strong cash generation and improving returns to our shareholders. "Our focus on increasing shareholder returns is demonstrated by paying FY25 dividends of £52m, up 11% on the previous period, and after the period end, the commencement of a £100m share buyback programme. "Overall trading in the first quarter of the new financial year has been in line with our expectations in a volatile market. Despite this volatility, and uncertainty surrounding the impact of US tariff changes, we look forward into the medium term with confidence that we can continue to outperform the market, improve our profit margin and create significant value for our shareholders." Performance summary £m 52w to 1 Feb 2025 52w to 27 Jan 2024 restated (1) (unaudited) Change (52 v 52) Constant currency change (52 v 52) Revenue 11,458 10,397 10.2% 12.0% Gross margin before adjusting items* 47.8% 48.0% (20)bps (20)bps Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 937 940 (0.3)% 0.8% Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 8.2% 9.0% (80)bps (90)bps Profit before tax and adjusting items* 923 961 (4.0)% (2.9)% 53w to 3 Feb 2024 restated Change (52 v 53) Adjusted basic earnings per share* (p) 12.39 12.81 (3.3)% Operating cashflow net of lease repayments* 1,245 1,161 7.2% Net cash before lease liabilities* at period end 52 1,032 (980) 1 Explanations for restating FY24 numbers can be found in note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Statutory/£m 52w to 1 Feb 2025 53w to 3 Feb 2024 Change (52v53) Revenue 11,458 10,542 8.7% Operating profit 903 927 (2.6)% Net finance expense (188) (116) 62.1% Profit before tax 715 811 (11.8)% Basic earnings per share (p) 9.50 10.45 (9.1)% Dividend per share (p) 1.00 0.90 11.1% Throughout this release,'*' indicates the use of Alternative Performance Measures. Please refer to pages 41 to 47 for the further information including reconciliations to statutory measures. Financial highlights · Organic sales growth* of 5.8% and like-for-like (LFL) sales growth* of 0.3% · Constant currency revenue growth* of 12.0% to £11,458m · Gross margin* of 47.8%, down slightly on the prior period reflecting the acquisitions of lower margin Hibbett and Courir · Constant currency Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* up 0.8% · Profit before tax and adjusting items* of £923m, down 4.0%, due largely to the continued investment in infrastructure, controls and security · Profit before tax of £715m, down 11.8% due partly to an increase of £53m in adjusting items* · Adjusted basic earnings per share* down 3.3% to 12.39p · Basic earnings per share down 9.1% to 9.50p · Operating cashflow net of lease repayments* of £1,245m driving net cash before lease liabilities* of £52m · Proposed final dividend of 0.67p; total proposed dividend up 11.1% to 1.00p · Q126 trading in line with expectations Strategic highlights · JD Brand First o JD store openings delivering payback of less than three years o Launched franchise partnerships in South Africa and Indonesia, and the Philippines after year end · Complementary Concepts o Completed strategically important acquisitions of Hibbett, Inc. and Courir, extending our 'Reach' in the key growth markets of North America and Europe · Beyond Physical Retail o Continuing to implement our global supply chain strategy o Over 8m active JD STATUS members o Improved controls and security environment · People, Partners & Communities o Record employee engagement o Included in the Carbon Disclosure Project Climate A list · After the year end, we updated our medium-term-plan to increase focus on profitability and improved shareholder returns Enquiries: JD Sports Fashion Plc Tel: 0161 767 1000 Régis Schultz, Chief Executive Officer Dominic Platt, Chief Financial Officer Mark Blythman, Director of Investor Relations Advisors Bank of America - Antonia Rowan Tel: 0207 628 1000 Peel Hunt LLP - Dan Webster Tel: 0207 418 8869 FGS Global - Rollo Head, Jenny Davey, James Thompson Tel: 0207 251 3801 Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements relating to expected or anticipated results, performance or events. Such statements are subject to normal risks associated with the uncertainties in our business, supply chain and consumer demand along with risks associated with macro-economic, political and social factors in the markets in which we operate. Whilst we believe that the expectations reflected herein are reasonable based on the information we have as at the date of this announcement, actual outcomes may vary significantly owing to factors outside the control of the Group, such as cost of materials or demand for our products, or within our control such as our investment decisions, allocation of resources or changes to our plans or strategy. The Group expressly disclaims any obligation to revise forward-looking statements made in this or other announcements to reflect changes in our expectations or circumstances. No reliance may be placed on the forward-looking statements contained within this announcement. Analyst and investor Q&A We will be hosting an invite-only event for institutional investors and analysts at 0830 BST on 21 May 2025 with CEO Régis Schultz and CFO Dominic Platt. The presentation will be held at Peel Hunt, 100 Liverpool Street, London, EC2M 2AT. To register for the live webcast of this event, please visit the following link: https://app.webinar.net/qRdaD7wD7xe If you are unable to attend in person and wish to ask questions, please visit the following link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4I812121497 For those unable to attend in real time, either in person or virtually, the presentation will be made available directly following the live presentation on the Investor Relations section of the JD PLC website:www.jdplc.com/investor-relations/results-centre Financial calendar 2 July 2025: AGM August 2025: Q226 trading update September 2025: H126 results November 2025: Q326 trading update About JD Sports Fashion plc Founded in 1981, the JD Group ('JD') is a leading global omnichannel retailer of Sports Fashion brands. JD provides customers with the latest sports fashion through working with established and new brands to deliver products that our customers most want, across both footwear and apparel. The vision of JD is to inspire the emerging generation of consumers through a connection to the universal culture of sport, music and fashion. JD focuses on four strategic pillars: JD Brand First, first priority, first in the world; leveraging Complementary Concepts to support JD Group global expansion; moving Beyond Physical Retail by building the right infrastructure and creating a lifestyle ecosystem of relevant products and services; and doing the best for its People, Partners and Communities. JD is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index and had 4,871 stores worldwide at 3 May 2025. Chief Executive Officer's Review JD has been moving at a fast pace over the last two years, investing in both our organic and inorganic growth to build further on our position as a leading global sports fashion powerhouse and developing our people and leadership, our infrastructure and cyber security and our governance and controls environment to ensure we have strong foundations for the future. At the same time, the market has evolved and it is now the time for us to move to the next phase of our strategy by adapting our plan to focus on organic growth and on profit, leveraging the last two years' investments to improve returns to our shareholders. In early 2023, we set out our strategic plan under four pillars (JD First, Complementary Concepts, Beyond Physical Retail and People, Partners & Communities). JD Brand First is our commitment to putting JD at the forefront of premium sports fashion, ensuring that we are the first choice for consumers around the globe. It is the number one priority for the Group. Complementary Concepts is about broadening our reach across customers, geographies and categories, and contributing to our growing scale. Beyond Physical Retail is our investment in infrastructure and digital transformation to support our long-term growth. And last, but most importantly, People, Partners & Communities, which reflects our commitment to our people, to our partners and to the communities in which we operate and ensuring we have a fit for purpose governance and control environment. We also set out three financial objectives, which we referred to as the "triple double" - double-digit revenue growth, double-digit profit margin and double-digit market shares. Reflecting on successes and challenges Before we shift our focus to the future, I would like to reflect on the significant progress we have made, the many successes we have achieved, as well as a number of challenges that we have faced, over the past two years. · JD First . The JD brand now has a consistent customer proposition across the world, leveraging our products, merchandising, marketing expertise and retail excellence. We prioritised accelerating our store opening and conversion programme to capture a larger share of the market, setting out an ambitious target to open at least 200 new JD fascia stores per year, including conversions, with a disciplined approach and a three year payback hurdle. We have delivered this with 468 stores opened, including 62 Finish Line conversions, and the vast majority achieving the hurdle rate. · Complementary Concepts . In FY24, we simplified the Group with the divestment of around 30 non-strategic businesses and the acquisition of the minority interests in ISRG and MIG. In FY25, we completed the two strategically important acquisitions of Hibbett in the US and Courir in Europe. · Beyond Physical Retail . We expanded our loyalty programme, JD STATUS, from the US into the UK, Ireland, France and Eastern Europe with more than eight million active accounts, and we have a developing omnichannel model which will provide profitable opportunities going forward. We are also improving our customer fulfilment through opening three major distribution centres (DCs), one in each of our core geographies, in the last 12 months. · People, Partners & Communities . We aim to be the best for our people with developments including launching a global engagement survey and rolling out new systems to help unite our people across all territories, including a new global app-based colleague communications platform, 'JD NOW'. We expanded our community impact this year, including launching the JD UP programme, which has an exciting opportunity for a wider, international rollout, and improving our ESG performance, which is an integral part of our Group strategy. We have also faced some challenges along the way. · Market growth . The global sportswear market continues to grow, but at a slower pace than we have seen in recent years. This has resulted in lower than anticipated like-for-like (LFL) sales growth*. At the same time, we have continued to invest in our long-term growth and in strengthening our infrastructure. This combination has had an impact on our profitability over the last two years, with effects differing by region. For example, across Europe where we have seen great success in the south but Germany has been more challenging, due largely to structurally higher people costs and a lower consumer appetite for sports fashion. · Investment in infrastructure and people . A key priority for us was a need to upgrade the infrastructure, capability, governance and control environment to be fit for purpose for a group of JD's scale and reach. The programmes to address these areas have taken longer, and cost more, than we anticipated originally. The European DC project in Heerlen has been delayed by a year leading to increased costs. On this project, we have changed the leadership and I am pleased to say we are now back on track. In addition, we have spent around £60m to secure and improve the resilience of our IT infrastructure and back-office systems. We have started the programme to put in place IT general controls, build a cyber security function and upgrade outdated or non-supported legacy systems. As these are accounted for increasingly as operating expenditure rather than capital expenditure, these investments result in a higher short-term impact on our P&L. We have also developed our Head Office functions and have seen general wage inflation, especially as minimum wages defined by laws have increased significantly across most of the markets we operate in. This, and our decision to remove age banding, has resulted in an additional people cost of more than £100m over the last two years. These investments are the right choices for the long-term health of the business. · M&A . We are excited by the opportunities from our recent acquisition of Courir, but the length of time it took to get European Commission clearance, the added cost that this brought and the scale of the remedies to secure clearance have held us back. Updated strategic framework and financial targets As announced after our period end in April 2025, we are now moving into the next phase of our medium-term plan, within which we will take actions to improve shareholder returns. We are refining our growth strategy to take into account the slower market growth, the achievements of the last two years and the lessons learned. · In North America, we already have a scale business but there remains a significant growth opportunity. We will increase revenue and profit by growing space for the JD fascia, optimising our Complementary Concepts and delivering both supply chain and back-office synergies. · In Europe, we are refining our approach and building on areas where we have seen success. Our plan is to grow revenue and improve the operating margin to high single-digits. Having completed the Courir acquisition, we will leverage its strong position in France and use JD's strong position in Spain and Italy to accelerate the expansion of Courir in those markets. We will also reduce costs and improve efficiencies in the supply chain to drive margin improvement in Europe. We are now very well positioned to develop our market share and our profit. In the UK, which is a maturing market as well as our most established market, our focus will be on productivity. We have a market-leading concept and a good store estate with almost all stores providing a positive contribution. However, it is important we continue to invest and manage our space and locations to maintain that leadership, ensuring a consistent customer experience and optimising productivity across the estate. We will also invest to support continued growth in our profitable and highly successful gyms business. · In the rest of the world, our strategy is to grow the JD fascia, which will be expanded mainly via our capital-light franchise model. We are also focused on leveraging our investments in our infrastructure and controls to deliver efficiencies. We have opened three new DCs in the last 12 months. In Europe, Heerlen will soon begin to deliver the desired benefits as the project is back on track and expected to deliver automated store orders for the FY26 peak and then for online orders in FY27. In the US, Morgan Hill will become our first multibrand DC in North America by the end of this financial year. This will unlock improvements in the speed to market for our west coast stores and give us the blueprint to move our other North American DCs in the US to multi fascia operations. This will deliver efficiencies and increase capacity for the future. In addition, we have opened a major automated DC in Australia to increase capacity to support our growth. On digital, we are nearing the end of a two-year investment to replatform our omnichannel businesses. We will be live in the US before the end of 2025, with the UK and European markets to follow. In both cases, we are incurring significant double-running costs and constraints in delivering a full omnichannel experience to our customers. We are also working on opportunities for efficiencies at our Head Offices in the UK and in Europe, as well as post-acquisition synergies across the back-office functions in North America. Overall, we have adapted our strategy with the updated framework and regional priorities driving our capital allocation to support the key areas of growth and improving our profitability. This will see 70% of our capital expenditure directed to North America and Europe with the balance spread across the rest of the Group. In terms of financial targets, over the medium term we will grow our organic revenue* ahead of the market, which we estimate to be around 2-3% per annum, led by our investment in space growth - the contribution from space growth* should settle at around 3-4% of revenue in the medium term as our capex becomes more targeted and the LFL base grows larger. Beyond FY26, we will start to leverage the investments we have made in our people and our infrastructure, and drive efficiencies throughout the Group. Accordingly, over the medium term, we aim to deliver profit growth ahead of revenue growth. Finally, we will focus on continuing to build our strong cash generation through a more disciplined approach to capital allocation via a more focused store investment programme and lower supply chain investment now that the major infrastructure investment programmes are behind us, and using a capital-light franchise model to expand outside our existing markets. As a result, we will start to improve our return on capital and enhance our returns to shareholders. Review of FY25 performance Turning to our performance in the 52 weeks to 1 February 2025, we achieved revenue of £11,458m, 10.2% up on the comparative 52-week period*, in what was again a volatile market. In constant currency, revenue growth* was 12.0%. LFL sales growth* was 0.3% and there was a 5.5% benefit from new stores, leading to organic sales growth* of 5.8%. This organic sales growth* exceeded estimated market value growth of 3.8% in 2024, meaning we again outperformed the market organically. A key element to our ability to outperform the market consistently is the strength and agility of our multibrand model. We have a consistent focus on offering our customers the brands and products that they want, which means we need to move quickly at all times to adapt to changes in fashion. We are a highly cash generative business with £1.2bn of operating cashflow net of lease repayments*. At the end of the period, we had net cash before lease liabilities* on our balance sheet of £52m and, during the year, we spent £1.4bn on the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir, including repayment of debt acquired. Region From a geographical point of view, all regions grew revenue* in the period other than the UK, which was impacted principally by non-core divestments made over the last two years. The UK declined 4.1% to £3,205m. Europe revenue* increased 9.5% to £3,510m, including two months of Courir. North America revenue* increased 27% to £4,242m including six months of Hibbett. Asia Pacific revenue* increased 0.4% to £501m, as the exit of non-core businesses in the year reduced revenue by £30m (c.6%). Growth in our newer markets resulted in a better business balance geographically with North America generating 37% of revenue*, Europe 31%, the UK 28% and Asia Pacific 4%. Channel Our retail stores grew revenue* by 15.7% to £9,081m with our online channel declining by 2.9% to £2,251m, reflecting the continued shift back to pre-pandemic online participation, our focus on online profitability and our investment in stores. As a result, stores now represent 79% of our revenue and online is 20%, with other, mainly gym memberships, at 1%. With our focus on customer satisfaction, we are consciously channel agnostic, facilitating the flexibility we need to meet customers' individual purchasing requirements, whether it be buying in store, buying online and delivered to home, or buying online and delivered to store. Category Footwear continued to perform strongly with revenue* growth of 15.2% to £6,819m, while apparel revenue grew 4.2% to £3,550m, driven primarily by our acquisitions being mostly footwear-focused. Accessories revenue grew by 4.8% to £702m. This means we continue to build a good mix of products delivering a 'head-to-toe' shopping opportunity with footwear at 60%, apparel at 31% and accessories at 6% of revenue. Other is 3% and includes outdoor living equipment and gym memberships. Store numbers We ended the period with 4,850 stores worldwide, 1,533 more than at the start of the period, due mainly to the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir, which added 1,485 stores. Across all fascias, 311 stores were opened and 263 stores were closed, including 66 from Finish Line and Macy's as we continued to rationalise our store portfolio. We also converted 29 stores to JD from Finish Line in the US and a further 21 to JD from other European fascias. Overview of progress under the four pillars JD Brand First We continue to strengthen the JD brand globally. We have a consistent, worldwide, customer proposition and strong brand partnerships, capitalising on our products, merchandising, marketing expertise and retail execution excellence. Our Christmas campaign was one of our most successful ever and, more recently, we launched our new, exciting JD campaign, 'Forever Forward'. We have continued to grow the JD store footprint across the globe with a particular focus on North America and Europe. We follow a disciplined approach to capital investment and, outside of a few strategic investments such as flagship stores, each new store must be able to payback investment in under three years. We finished the year with 1,475 JD fascia stores. In total, we added net 223 new JD stores, constituting 203 new JD fascia stores and 49 conversions from other brands, across Finish Line in the US and ISRG and MIG in Europe, offset partly by a small number of store closures. The good momentum continued in North America where we converted 29 Finish Line stores to the JD fascia and we opened a further 75 new JD stores across both the US and Canada. We also closed 69 stores, of which the majority were Finish Line as we continued to rationalise our store portfolio. We are now over half way through the Finish Line to JD conversion programme and we are working on plans to accelerate the completion of this programme. In Europe, we opened 99 new JD stores across a number of European cities, including in Paris, where we opened our new flagship store on the Champs Élysées. We also converted a further 21 stores from the ISRG and MIG businesses to JD. In the UK, the main strategic focus continues to be on improving locations or store size in existing cities and towns. During the period, we opened 17 new stores and closed 14, thereby growing our store portfolio by a net three stores. Highlights included the opening of our new flagship store at Stratford in London, Bluewater in Kent and also in Leeds. In Asia Pacific, we opened 14 new JD stores. We opened new stores in Canberra and Darwin, and are now in every Australian state, as well as opening a new store in Wellington, New Zealand. We also completed the sale of our Indonesia joint venture to our partner to facilitate the start of a franchise agreement with them in this market. To grow the JD brand outside of our strategic markets, we have made great strides in continuing to develop our franchise model. The advantages of this model include collaborating with our selected partners to leverage their local knowledge and relationships, while also benefiting from low capital expenditure requirements. We currently operate JD stores through three franchising agreements covering the Middle East, South Africa and Indonesia. In March 2025, we were pleased to finalise an agreement with our selected partner for the Philippines and we remain committed to exploring further opportunities. Complementary Concepts Our focus within this pillar has been growing our community brands within North America, working towards the successful acquisition of Courir to develop a new, complementary sports fashion offer in Europe, optimising the profitability of ISRG and MIG businesses within Europe, and divesting non-core businesses. I am delighted to report strong progress across all these areas. We completed two significant acquisitions during the period. The Hibbett acquisition completed in July 2024 and brought with it 1,179 stores across its Hibbett and City Gear retail fascias. Hibbett provides an enhanced platform for the mall-led, nationwide growth of the JD brand in North America, and with its efficient supply chain and strong back office, we expect cost synergies of at least $25 million over the medium term across our North American business. As a result, we now operate six fascias in North America: JD, Hibbett, Finish Line, Shoe Palace, City Gear, and DTLR and together we have a comprehensive geographic and customer coverage. We segment these fascias into 'Mass', 'Reach', and 'Focus'. · 'Mass' is aligned to JD Brand First. The US JD customer is the same young customer as everywhere else in the world. Our JD stores operate mainly in key 'A' and 'B' malls. · 'Reach' is a convenient local format expanding our reach into underserved markets and rural areas. It primarily includes Hibbett but it does also include the Finish Line corners in Macy's which extends our reach to an older, more female customer in North America. · 'Focus' is our city specialists - great community stores in urban areas. They are mostly street mall venues with some presence in covered malls. They are fully complementary on a geographical basis. This currently includes Shoe Palace, DTLR and City Gear. Going forward, we have taken the decision to rationalise our portfolio and will convert most of the City Gear stores to DTLR, with a limited number of stores converted to Shoe Palace. we have The Courir acquisition completed in November 2024 and brought with it 306 stores across six European countries including its home market in France, as well as 35 franchise stores across nine further countries. This acquisition gives us great insights into, and exposure to an older, more female customer in Europe. Together these acquisitions added 1,485 new stores and we welcomed over 16,000 new colleagues. Alongside these pivotal acquisitions, we made good progress with our European businesses. We worked closely with the management teams of ISRG and MIG to optimise the roll-out of JD with store conversions to JD as well as working on integration and sharing Group best practices to improve profitability. We also simplified the group structure with the purchase of minority shareholdings in DTLR and JD Canary Islands, and divesting shareholdings from a further three non-core businesses: Bodytone, Total Swimming and Gym King. We also saw one of our non-core assets, Applied Nutrition, achieve a successful IPO, listing on the London Stock Exchange in October 2024. This resulted in selling down 21.58% of our shareholding and generated a notable return on our original investment. We have retained 9.78% of our shareholding. Going forward, in Europe it is now a case of 'refining' our approach and capitalising on the great success we have seen to date in the region. Beyond Physical Retail We are channel agnostic, aiming to offer our customers the right products, at the right time, in the right place for them. To do this, we have ongoing programmes to support our 'Beyond Physical Retail' strategic pillar. Our focus continues to be on five key priorities: re‑platforming our websites; strengthening our cyber security; executing our omnichannel proposition further; developing our loyalty programme; and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our supply chain. On digital, we are making strong progress on our investment to re-platform our websites. The US will be our first go-live this coming year, with the UK and European markets to follow. We have rolled out our successful US loyalty programme, JD STATUS, into the UK, Ireland, France and Eastern Europe with more than eight million active accounts globally. This serves as the foundation for developing closer, more targeted, personalised and valuable relationships with our customers. We continue to make progress on our UK/European supply chain optimisation with the Heerlen DC in the Netherlands opening manually for selected brand partners and own brands. Unfortunately, this is not the original milestone we had hoped to hit as the project has seen delays and increased cost. To rectify this, we hired a very respected and experienced leader, Wim van Aalst, to oversee our global supply chain operations. The Heerlen project now has a clear way forward. In addition, we have opened a major automated DC in Australia to increase capacity significantly in that market. In the US, our Morgan Hill distribution centre will become our first multi fascia distribution centre in North America by the end of FY26. We have developed our 'ship from store' capability to shorten our lead times in Europe and reduced our fixed costs with the closure of the Derby DC in the UK. Overall, our ongoing efforts to develop our omnichannel proposition, a disciplined commercial policy and the optimisation of our digital marketing spend has resulted in a significant improvement in the profitability of our online business. People, Partners & Communities The expertise, dedication, professionalism and passion of our people are the foundation of our success. We are committed to supporting our colleagues by providing ongoing opportunities to further their careers and achieve their ambitions. To this end, we continue to improve our people systems functionality, developing our key partner programmes and creating lasting impact to the communities where we operate. Our people are at the heart of our business and investing in them is a key priority. As well as positive actions like removing age bandings in the previous financial year, we are rolling out new systems to help unite our people across all territories. For example, this year we designed and built a new global communications app, "JD Now", to connect our colleagues across all territories and engage with the large young demographic in our workforce, and I'm pleased that this went live in early 2025. Our new global Human Resources Information System will ensure a more seamless HR experience for our people and is being rolled out through 2025. Mental health is one of the biggest challenges facing the world today. Our leadership team, including myself, have committed to creating a culture of openness, where colleagues can talk freely and easily about mental health and receive the support they need. We continue to support all colleagues in our workforce by focusing on development pathways. For example, the Retail Roadmap contains 10 specifically designed programmes to enable personal and professional growth, improving colleague social mobility to help them build a future within the business. We supported colleagues through the Diversity in Retail "Ethnic Future Leaders Programme", giving them the chance to be mentored by a senior leadership team member. As a mentor, it's been great to witness and it reaffirms to me the strategic value of investing in our colleagues and nurturing our future leaders. Also critical to our success are the strong and profitable relationships we have with our global brand partners, driven by our brand presentation in store, our protection of brand equity through a high full price mix and our global scale. We expanded our positive community impact this year reflecting the dedication of our colleagues and our customers' support via the JD Foundation and JD Finish Line Foundation, aiming to be the best partner for the communities where we operate. The JD Foundation and JD Finish Line Foundation donated more than £4.5m to over 200 community projects. The JD Foundation strategy is evolving to focus on social mobility, building stronger youth communities and transforming young people's lives through opportunities, engagement and social change. Improving ESG performance is an integral part of our Group strategy. As a FTSE 100 Company, we recognise that our scale enables us to make positive, lasting changes. We are very proud of our ongoing climate achievements which include achieving 'A List' status with the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). This recognition places us among a select group of companies leading in environmental transparency and performance. It reflects our commitment to meaningful climate action and the responsibility we have as a global business. Further to this, we have achieved a 'B' grade for CDP Water Security, sourcing 99% of cotton for our private label products via the 'Better Cotton' initiative and retaining our 'Zero Waste to Landfill' accreditation at our largest UK and European DC and office locations. Summary As we move into the next phase of our medium-term plan, we are adapting to slower market growth with a refined organic growth strategy and a clear focus on performance and delivering efficiency gains from our past investments. Our strong and agile multi-brand global model is well suited to the current environment and we have demonstrated our ability to navigate short term headwinds. We are well positioned to outperform in North America and Europe where we see the largest growth opportunities, leveraging our different propositions. Overall, we are disciplined and focused on delivering strong cash generation to enable an improvement in our shareholder returns. Q126 trading update and outlook Overall, trading in the 13 weeks to 3 May 2025 was in line with our expectations. Organic sales growth* was 3.1%, driven by a 5.1% contribution from new space. LFL sales* were down 2.0% and gross margin was in line with the prior period, both reflecting our disciplined commercial approach in what continues to be a volatile and promotional market, particularly online. All regions achieved organic sales growth* in the quarter. In line with our JD First strategy, the JD segment drove Group sales growth* through our store rollout programme across Europe and North America, achieving growth of 4.7% in the quarter. North America saw organic sales growth* of 1.4%, reflecting in part a shift in the product launch schedule compared with last year. Europe delivered organic sales growth* of 6.5% and we are seeing an improving trend in the UK, helped in part by good weather. Segment Q126 Organic sales growth* LFL sales growth* JD 4.7% (2.0)% Complementary Concepts (1.8)% (5.5)% Sporting Goods and Outdoors 0.2% 2.0% Group 3.1% (2.0)% Region Q126 Organic sales growth* LFL sales growth* North America 1.4% (5.5)% Europe 6.5% 0.7% UK 2.0% 0.4% Asia Pacific 2.4% (5.5)% Group 3.1% (2.0)% Gross margin was 48.2%, in line with the prior period. On an organic basis, excluding the impact from the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir, gross margin was 48.6%, up 0.4%pts on the prior period, reflecting our continued disciplined trading approach. The recent announcements in respect of tariffs continue to evolve and the Group is monitoring the position carefully. Elevated tariffs have the potential to impact the Group in three areas: - · Global economy and our customers . The potential impacts are on consumer confidence and, in the short term, the cost of goods and services for US customers may rise to some degree with a potential impact on overall consumer demand. We consider this to have the largest potential impact on the Group. · Our brand partners . They source most of their products from South East Asia. We expect mitigating actions to be taken across the supply chain to ensure that prices remain as competitive as possible for consumers. · Goods and services not for resale, such as store fixtures and fittings, and our own brand and licensed products . These products represent less than 10% of total Group revenue and are sourced from a wide range of countries. We have modelled the potential impact of tariffs on the Group and it is not considered to be material. We are taking action to mitigate any potential impact through further diversifying the range of countries from which we source own brand and licensed products, continuing to work closely with our brand partners and ongoing cost control. In summary, we have traded in line with our expectations in the first quarter. The market remains volatile and visibility on the overall potential impact from tariffs is low. Our strong and agile multi-brand model positions us well to navigate these market conditions and we are focused on controlling our cost base and delivering on the key strategic projects that underpin the delivery of improved shareholder returns over the medium term. Régis Schultz Chief Executive Officer 20 May 2025 Chief Financial Officer's Statement Financial Performance FY25 is a 52-week period ended 1 February 2025. The comparative period is 53 weeks to 3 February 2024. To aid comparability, the headline results, associated commentary and percentage changes are presented in the financial performance report on an unaudited 52-week basis unless otherwise stated. 52 weeks 2025 Restated (1) 52 weeks (unaudited) 2024* Restated (1) 53 weeks 2024 Change (52 weeks vs 52 weeks)* Constant Currency Change (52 weeks vs 52 weeks) * £m £m £m Revenue 11,458 10,397 10,542 10.2% 12.0% Gross profit before adjusting items* 5,472 4,986 5,048 9.7% 11.5% Gross margin before adjusting items* 47.8% 48.0% 47.9% (20)bps (20)bps Operating costs before adjusting items* (4,423) (3,963) (4,019) 11.6% 13.5% Interest on lease liabilities (112) (83) (84) 34.9% 37.2% Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 937 940 945 (0.3%) 0.8% Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 8.2% 9.0% 9.0% (80)bps (90)bps Net finance (expense)/income excluding interest on lease liabilities (14) 21 21 Profit before tax and adjusting items* 923 961 966 (4.0%) (2.9%) Adjusting items (208) (155) (155) Profit before tax 715 806 811 (11.3%) Operating Profit 903 921 927 (2.0%) 1. For the financial period ended 1 February 2025, the Group has updated the adjusting items policy to include the amortisation of acquired intangible assets. Please refer to Note 3 for further details of the restatement. * Throughout this Report,'*' indicates the use of alternative performance measures. Please refer to pages 41 to 46 for further information including reconciliations to statutory measures. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT Revenue* Group Revenue* increased 10.2% to £11,458m (FY24: £10,397m). Sales growth* in constant currency was 12.0%. Organic sales growth* was 5.8% which comprised 0.3% like-for-like (LFL) sales growth* and 5.5% sales growth from net new space and store conversions. In addition to organic growth there was 8.5% growth from the part year benefit of the strategic acquisitions of Hibbett in North America (£713m sales) and Courir in Europe (£139m sales) that have significantly expanded the scale of our Complementary Concepts business in these markets. There was a 2.1% reduction in sales from the disposal of non-core businesses in the prior period. Store sales grew 15.7% and organic store growth was 9.5% reflecting the continued growth of our store network and successful in-store execution. As a result overall store sales increased 4.0%pts to represent 79% of Group revenue. Online sales declined 2.9%, and declined 6.6% excluding Hibbett and Courir, and this reduction reflects the continuing post-Covid shift from online back to store, opening of new stores, faster growth and acquisition of businesses with lower percentage of online sales, and an increased focus on profitable online sales. Subsequently the overall share of online sales fell 3%pts to 20% of Group revenue. Footwear has continued to trade more robustly than apparel, although both categories grew in the period. Footwear in the lifestyle space is a resilient, growth category driven by the continued growth in 'sneakers' around the world. Growth in the period was 15.2% and footwear's share of our revenue increased 3%pts to 60% due mainly to the mix effect of acquiring Hibbett which has a higher penetration of footwear in its sales. Apparel grew at a slower rate due to challenging weather conditions, particularly in the UK and Europe, where the spring/summer season was wetter than average. This had a knock-on effect on margin as the industry sold more stock at discounted prices in the summer sales season, ahead of the back-to-school period and then into the autumn/winter season. Apparel revenue was up 4% with its share of revenue falling 1%pt to 31% due mainly to the mix effect of acquiring Hibbett. Gross Margin before Adjusting Items* Total gross margin before adjusting items* was down (20)bps at 47.8% (FY24: 48.0%) with the decline reflecting the impact of Hibbett and Courir. Excluding Hibbett and Courir, margins were flat period on period at 48.0% reflecting our full price policy and pricing discipline in a more promotional market. Operating Costs before Adjusting Items* Operating costs before adjusting items* increased 11.6% to £4,423m. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and disposals, on a 52 week constant currency basis, costs grew 7.8%, ahead of our organic revenue growth of 5.8%. The majority of this increase is the incremental selling and distribution costs of operating our newly opened stores, as well as the continued dual running costs of our European distribution centre, while we fully commission our new automated Heerlen distribution centre which has taken longer than expected. Omni‑channel costs were lower as we optimised delivery costs and focused our marketing spend more effectively. We have maintained staff costs percentage of sales by delivering efficiencies across our stores and head office teams offsetting in part the impact of national minimum and other wage inflation pressures. Administrative costs have increased due to higher technology costs for increased cyber security, developing our JD STATUS loyalty scheme, and higher depreciation as we continue to invest in upgraded systems. In addition we have seen increased costs from investing in our Group support functions to improve the quality or our internal teams, control environment, and project spend to upgrade our systems. During the year the Group has closed its Derby distribution centre to optimise our UK distribution cost base for the current shape of our UK business following the recent disposals of our non-core UK fashion businesses. This has resulted in an impairment charge of £76m that has been charged to adjusting items. A breakdown of operating costs before adjusting items* is shown in the table below. 52 weeks to 1 February 2025* £m 52 weeks to 27 January 2024 Restated ¹ £m* Change % Selling and distribution expenses (3,933) (3,573) 10% Administrative expenses before adjusting items (520) (428) 21% Share of equity accounted investees 5 8 (38)% Other operating income 25 30 (17)% Operating costs before adjusting items (4,423) (3,963) 12% 1. For the financial period ended 1 February 2025, the Group has updated the adjusting items policy to include the amortisation of acquired intangible assets. Please refer to Note 3 for further details of the restatement. Net Finance Expense before Adjusting Items* Net finance expense before adjusting items* in the period was £126m. Interest on lease liabilities increased from £83m to £112m due to higher discount rates applied to new and remeasured leases in the period, and the additional costs arising from the ongoing strategic investment in new stores and distribution centres over FY24 and FY25, along with the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir. Finance income fell by £12m reflecting lower cash balances compared to the previous period as the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions were funded partly using cash. Finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities rose by £23m compared with the prior period, as a result of increased borrowings to fund the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir. 52 weeks to 1 February 2025 £m 52 weeks to 27 January 2024 £m* Change % Interest on lease liabilities (112) (83) 35% Finance income 27 39 (31%) Finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities* (41) (18) 128% Net finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities* (14) 21 Net finance expense before adjusting items* (126) (62) 103% Operating Profit before Adjusting Items and after Interest on Lease Liabilities* Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* of £937m (FY24: £940m) was up 0.8% on a constant currency basis and down 0.3% on a reported currency basis with the increase in profits following the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir offset partially by higher operating costs, including the continued investment in our global functions and infrastructure. Profit Before Tax and Adjusting Items* Profit before tax and adjusting items* was £923m (FY24: £961m) and fell 2.9% on a constant currency basis and 4.0% on a reported currency basis. This reduction reflects the £35m increase in net finance expense excluding interest on lease liabilities because of lower cash balances and incremental borrowings related to the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir. For the remainder of this financial performance section the commentary compares the 52 week period to 1 February 2025 to the 53 week period to 3 February 2024. Adjusting Items Adjusting items for the period were a net charge of £208m (FY24: net charge of £155m), as detailed in the table below. £m 52 weeks to 1 February 2025 53 weeks to 3 February 2024 Restated ¹ Acquisition related costs; Hibbett & Courir 9 - Adjusting items within Cost of Sales 9 - Acquisition related costs 36 11 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets and investments 112 39 (Gain)/loss on divestments (78) 38 US Integration 5 - Foreign exchange movements 5 - Amortisation of acquired intangibles 57 49 Gain arising on SUR bankruptcy - (36) Deferred consideration charge - 1 Adjusting items within administrative expenses 137 102 Impairment of loans not recoverable: ISRG Group - SUR bankruptcy - 58 Put and call options: movement in present value of put and call options 62 (6) Impairment of loans not recoverable from non-consolidated joint venture - 1 Adjusting items within net finance expense 62 53 Adjusting items* 208 155 1. Please refer to Note 3 for further details of the restatement The total charge for the period is £208m, of which £57m relates to a net cash inflow and £265m was a non-cash charge. Acquisition-related costs: Acquisition related costs of £45m (£9m recognised within cost of sales and £36m recognised within administrative expenses) are principally in respect of the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions completed in July and November 2024 respectively. Impairment of tangible and intangible assets and investments: the £112m charge in the current period includes the impairment of fixed assets and closure costs in relation to the Derby Distribution Centre ('DC') of £76m which was closed in September 2024 following a review of the Group's UK DC capacity requirements. In addition, following performance below expectations in certain European markets, a strategic review of the store estate was carried out, which concluded that 46 stores should be closed. As a result an impairment charge of £29m has been recorded to reflect these planned closures. There were other impairments of £7m. Gain on divestments: The Group generated a gain of £78m on divestments. In October 2024 the Group disposed of 21.58% of its shareholding in Applied Nutrition. A gain of £75m arising from the disposal and gain on revaluation of the retained investment on the date of disposal is recognised as an adjusting item and the Group retains 9.78% shareholding. Other gains amounted to £3m. US Integration: The integration costs of £5m are associated with the integration of the Group's US businesses following the acquisition of Hibbett. This is the first part of a significant multi-year programme to create an integrated platform for the nationwide growth of the JD Brand and Community fascias in North America with an efficient supply chain and back office. We are expecting this programme to deliver at least $25m annual savings over this time frame at a one-off cash cost of around 1x the savings delivered. Foreign exchange movements: Foreign exchange movements are £5m losses on non-trading balances which are long term, interest bearing, non-trading intercompany loans held by JD Plc with foreign subsidiaries (in a foreign currency). The charge in FY24 was insignificant and has not been included in the table above. Amortisation of acquired intangibles: As disclosed in the FY24 annual report, we have extended the definition of adjusting items to include amortisation of acquired intangibles from our Profit before tax and adjusting items. This is a charge of £57m in the period. We have restated the FY24 results for this change, leading to a £49m charge moving from administrative expenses to adjusting items within administrative expenses. Put and call options: The £62m charge is the movement in the present value of the put and call options for the buyouts of non-controlling interest ('NCI') of Genesis Topco Inc ('Genesis') (£68m charge) and DTLR (£6m credit). The increase in respect of the put and call options over Genesis, the holding company for our North America businesses and of which the Group owns 80%, reflects an increase in the value of our North American business following the acquisition of Hibbett. In addition, there was a credit of £6m in relation to the DTLR option, which was revalued prior to the acquisition of the NCI which was completed in the period. Please refer to the Post Balance Sheet Event section below for further details on the future plans for the Genesis NCI buyout. Operating Profit Operating profit was £903m (FY24: £927m). This is due primarily to an increase in adjusting items charged within operating profit of £44m driven primarily by impairments and acquisitions which were partly offset by a gain of £75m arising from the disposal of Applied Nutrition and gain on revaluation of the retained investment. Profit Before Tax Profit before tax was £715m (FY24: £811m). The £96m decrease versus the prior period is due to a £63m increase in net finance expense before adjusting items* and a £53m increase in adjusting items, both as explained above. Income Tax Expense The income tax expense for the period was £ 175 m (FY24: £206m). The effective tax rate fell from 25.4% to 24.5% due primarily to non‑taxable income on the disposal of shares in Applied Nutrition, together with a non-recurring tax credit relating to prior periods. The income tax expense before adjusting items* for the period was £222m (2024: £237m). The adjusted effective tax rate* fell from 24.5% to 24.1% due to a non-recurring tax credit relating to prior periods, offset by the increase in the UK's mainstream corporate tax rate from 19% to 25% on 1 April 2023, resulting in the UK rate increasing from 24% in FY24 to 25% in FY25. Profits Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests Profit attributable to NCIs fell £16m from £66m in FY24 to £50m in FY25. This is due to the impact of the buyout of the 49.99% NCI in ISRG and the buyout of the 40% NCI in MIG during the prior period, which has resulted in a full period of 100% of profits being attributable to JD Group in FY25. The fall is partially offset by a larger amount of profit being generated from the Genesis Group due to the Hibbett acquisition. The only material NCI left in the Group at the end of the period is the 20% in Genesis. Earnings per Share On a statutory basis, basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share fell from 10.45p to 9.50p due to the 12% reduction in Profit before tax, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. Adjusted basic earnings per ordinary share* fell 3.4% from 12.81p (restated) to 12.39p due to the reduced Profit before tax and adjusting items*, which was partially offset by a lower adjusted effective tax rate*. SEGMENTAL REPORT A performance summary of the three reportable segments in the Group can be seen in the table below. As announced in the Group's FY24 Trading Update on 28 March 2024, these financial statements to 1 February 2025 have been presented under the new segmentation used for reporting. See Note 2 for further details. The comparative period is 53 weeks to 3 February 2024. To aid comparability, the headline results, associated commentary and percentage changes are presented in the segmental report on an unaudited 52-week basis to the 27 January 2024. FY25 Total JD Complementary Concepts Sporting Goods & Outdoor £m £m £m £m Revenue 11,458 7,798 2,165 1,495 Gross profit before adjusting items* 5,472 3,804 998 670 Gross margin before adjusting items* 47.8% 48.8% 46.1% 44.8% Operating costs before adjusting items* (4,423) (3,058) (786) (579) Interest on lease liabilities (112) (81) (19) (12) Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 937 665 193 79 Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 8.2% 8.5% 8.9% 5.3% FY24 Total JD Complementary Concepts Sporting Goods & Outdoor Other (1) £m £m £m £m £m Revenue 10,397 7,490 1,322 1,546 39 Gross profit before adjusting items* 4,986 3,658 626 685 17 Gross margin before adjusting items* 48.0% 48.8% 47.4% 44.3% 42.7% Operating costs before adjusting items* (3,963) (2,869) (455) (626) (13) Interest on lease liabilities (83) (61) (12) (10) - Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 940 728 159 49 4 Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 9.0% 9.7% 12.0% 3.2% 9.5% (1) 'Other' relates to businesses divested of in the previous period. Total JD Complementary Concepts Sporting Goods & Outdoor Change Change Change Change Revenue 10.2% 4.1% 63.8% (3.3%) Gross margin before adjusting items* (20)bps - (130)bps 50bps Operating costs before adjusting items* 11.6% 6.6% 72.4% (7.6%) Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* (0.3%) (8.7%) 21.6% 61.0% Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* (80)bps (120)bps (310)bps 210bps JD JD segment revenue was £7,798m, up 4.1% on the prior period and 5.8% at constant currency. Excluding the impact of the disposal of non-core businesses, organic sales growth was 7.1%. This included a 0.4% reduction in LFL sales*. The growth came from our continued store portfolio expansion. 205 stores opened during the period of which 75 were in North America and 99 in Europe, in line with our strategy. Gross margin remained flat at 48.8% versus the prior period, as we remained disciplined in a promotional market, with operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* down 8.7% due to continued investment in our people, supply chain, technology infrastructure, cyber resilience and new stores to support future long-term growth. This segment represented 68% of the Group's revenue (FY24: 72%) and continues to be the primary focus under our JD First strategy with 2,026 stores open at the end of the period. JD UK The UK is JD's most mature market and saw revenue* fall 3.7% to £2,663m driven by the divestment of non-strategic brands over the previous 12 months. Organic sales were down 1.1% and LFL sales down 3.0% reflecting the challenging UK retail environment. We took action to improve the profitability of our online business and limited our involvement in elevated promotional activity in the market. Gross margin was down 60bps reflecting a promotional market particularly on line and in apparel. Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* was down 26% which reflects our continued investment in the Group including people, technology infrastructure and cyber resilience. JD Gyms had another strong year, growing revenue by 5.3% to £133m, due to the annualisation of gyms operating 24 hours, increased pricing and an increase of seven new gyms to 92 (FY24: 85). JD Europe Growth in Europe continues to be driven by new store rollouts and conversions as market awareness of the JD brand strengthens. Revenue* grew by 12.6% to £2,199m (15.7% in constant currency), driven by LFL sales growth of 1.4% and organic sales growth of 15.6%. This trading performance reflects consistent growth across key markets and reinforced confidence in our long-term strategy. Gross margin was up 150bps as we increased direct deliveries to our new warehouse in the Netherlands, avoiding duty costs from the UK. Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* was up 6% on the prior period, reflecting the sales growth, and the improvement in gross margin. Cost efficiencies across retail, online and supply chain operations have been offset by higher interest costs on lease liabilities. The Group has carried out a strategic review of its European store estate at an individual store level, taking account of current profitability, continuing inflationary cost pressure and learnings from the store rollout programme to date. This review has resulted in an impairment charge of £29m across 46 stores. This has been charged to adjusting items. JD North America JD North America revenue* grew 6.4% to £2,436m (8.8% in constant currency*), with the main driver being the JD fascia. Organic sales growth* of 8.6% included 0.5% LFL growth* reflecting the growing presence of the JD brand in line with the JD First strategy, which is offsetting the weaker performance of Finish Line. There were 336 JD stores open at the end of the period in North America compared with 235 in the prior period. 29 Finish Line stores were converted to JD during the period and 45 exited, resulting in 257 Finish Line stores and 256 concessions in Macy's at the end of the period. Gross margin remained flat as we chose not to participate in the increased promotional environment in line with our full price approach. Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* was up 18% on the prior period, driven by the new store growth and leveraging the cost base. JD Asia Pacific Revenue* grew 3.6% to £501m (6.7% constant currency), driven by net new space. Operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on liabilities* was down by 2% as we continued to invest in fulfilment capabilities as we grow scale in the region. Complementary Concepts Revenue* of £2,165m was up 63.8% on the previous period (+66.7% in constant currency). Community revenue, which includes Shoe Palace, DTLR and Hibbett (from July 2024), was up 70% to £1,806m (74% in constant currency). Organic sales growth* of 5.1% includes LFL sales growth* of 1.3% and store growth in Shoe Palace and DTLR. Hibbett contributed £713m of revenue in the period. Complementary revenue, which includes the non-JD fascia stores in Eastern and Central Europe, was up 38% to £359m (also 38% in constant currency), following the acquisition of Courir in November 2024. Revenue* in our non-JD fascia stores in Eastern and Central Europe was down 15% at £220m reflecting the ongoing rationalisation of the fascias as we simplify the business and convert some of the stores to the JD fascia. Courir contributed £139m of revenue following its acquisition. Sporting Goods and Outdoors LFL sales in Sporting Goods grew by 7.6% during the period driven by increased footfall and a lower promotional environment. Total revenue fell 4.1% to £952m but operating profit before adjusting items and after interest on lease liabilities* increased 35%, both as a result of the closure of the SUR business in the prior period. Outdoors Revenue* of £542m was down 1.8% on the prior period driven by -2.0% LFL sales due to wet weather at the start of the period, which combined with the early Easter resulted in lower sales of outdoor living products, notably tents and camping equipment. However, operating profit increased by £11m to £6m, as a result of a 190bps increase in gross margin resulting from reduced freight charges and a rationalised supply chain footprint. GEOGRAPHICAL REPORT A performance summary of the four geographic segments in the Group can be seen in the table below. The comparative period is 53 weeks to 3 February 2024. To aid comparability, the headline results, associated commentary and percentage changes are presented in the segmental report on an unaudited 52-week basis to the 27 January 2024. FY25 Total UK Europe North America Asia Pacific £m £m £m £m £m Revenue 11,458 3,205 3,510 4,242 501 Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 937 297 160 418 62 Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 8.2% 9.3% 4.6% 9.9% 12.3% Number of stores 4,850 665 1,579 2,504 102 FY24 Total UK Europe North America Asia Pacific £m £m £m £m £m Revenue* 10,397 3,341 3,206 3,352 499 Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 940 389 131 353 67 Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* 9.0% 11.6% 4.1% 10.5% 13.4% Number of stores 3,317 674 1,285 1,269 89 Total UK Europe North America Asia Pacific Change Change Change Change Change Revenue* 10.2% (4.1%) 9.5% 26.6% 0.4% Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* (0.3%) (23.6%) 22.0% 20.1% (7.7%) Operating margin before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* (80)bps (230)bps 50bps (60)bps (110)bps Number of stores 1,533 (9) 294 1,235 13 The expansion of the Group's operations in North America, following the acquisition in Hibbett and investment in new stores has resulted in it now representing the largest geographic area from both a Revenue* and Operating profit before adjusting items after interest on lease liabilities* perspective, being 37% and 45% respectively. The reduction in UK revenue reflects the divestment of non-core businesses during the period. CASHFLOW STATEMENT A summary cashflow showing how the change in cash and cash equivalents (1) is calculated, can be seen in the table below. £m 52 weeks to 1 February 2025 53 weeks to 3 February 2024 Profit before tax 715 811 Add back impairments of tangible, intangible assets and investments 125 39 Add back other non-cash adjusting items 109 69 Less profit on disposal of associates (75) - Depreciation and amortisation of non-current assets 786 664 Repayment of lease liabilities (420) (400) Other 5 (22) Operating cashflow net of lease repayments 1,245 1,161 Change in working capital (137) (197) Capital expenditure (515) (530) Income taxes paid (243) (208) Other (11) (10) Net cashflow before dividends, financing, acquisitions and disposals 339 216 Repayment of interest-bearing loans and borrowings (501) - Draw down of interest-bearing loans and borrowings 865 - Acquisition of subsidiaries and NCI (1,157) (611) Cash consideration of disposals 95 - Equity dividends paid (48) (50) Dividends paid to NCI in subsidiaries net of dividend received - (2) Change in cash and cash equivalents ( 1) (407) (447) Cash and cash equivalents at the start of the period (1) 1,102 1,549 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period (1) 695 1,102 1. Cash and cash equivalents equates to the cash and cash equivalents presented in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, as reconciled in Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Profit before tax was £715m (FY24: £811m). The £96m decrease versus the prior period is primarily due to a £63m increase in net finance expense before adjusting items and a £53m increase in adjusting items, both as explained on page 12. Non-cash add backs of impairments and adjusting items (including profit on disposal of associates) are explained within the CFO report on page 12 . Lease liability repayments increased 5% to £420m, driven by the extra leases acquired with Hibbett and Courir, and our store expansion programme. Total depreciation and amortisation was £786m, up £122m, or 18%, on the prior period. £60m of this increase was due to assets acquired through Hibbett and Courir. The remaining increase largely reflects our continued store investment programme, as well as a small increase from our supply chain investments in DCs, offset partly by a £10m reduction as a result of higher incremental borrowing rates applied to renewed leases resulting in a lower depreciation charge. As a result, the Group operating cashflow net of lease repayments was £1,245m, which was an increase of £84m compared to the prior period, reflecting the cash generative nature of the JD Group. There was an increase in working capital of £137m in the period, which was a £60m lower increase than the prior period. In particular, inventory increased only £10m versus the prior period excluding inventory acquired with Hibbett and Courir, as the increased inventory from new store openings was offset by improved management of inventory. Capital expenditure in the period was £515m, down £15m on the prior period. Continued investment in new store openings in support of our strategic plan to increase the number of JD brand fascia stores around the world was offset by lower investment in our supply chain. Significant investment was made in the supply chain in FY24 as we developed new DC capacity in Europe, and Australia. 52 weeks to 1 February 2025 53 weeks to 3 February 2024 £m £m Stores & gyms 346 309 Supply chain infrastructure 110 151 Technology and other 59 70 Total capital expenditure excluding Other Non-Current Assets 515 530 Tax payments increased from £208m to £243m due to the timing of higher payments made in the period and lower payments in the prior period, especially in the UK. Net cashflow before dividends, financing, acquisitions and disposals increased £123m to £339m in the period, compared to £216m in the prior period, demonstrating the ongoing cash generative nature of the JD Group. The drawdown of interest-bearing loans and borrowings includes a new Term Loan Facility Agreement drawn by the Group for a total commitment of $1 billion for the purpose of acquiring Hibbett. On 25 July 2024, the commitment was drawn in full to facilitate the completion of the acquisition. Post acquisition repayments were made on the Term Loan and, as at 1 February 2025, the balance remaining was $700m. The remaining repayment of interest-bearing loans and borrowings is £198m debt acquired through Courir and £37m through Hibbett. The Group is currently in the process of refinancing its existing debt facilities of the £700m RCF, $300m Asset Backed Loan and $700m Hibbett term loan. Based on ongoing discussions with lenders and market conditions, the Group expects to complete the refinancing during H1 FY26. Acquisition of subsidiaries and NCIs was £1,157m with £812m paid for Hibbett and £275m for Courir (net of cash acquired on both acquisitions of £76m) and excluding bank debt paid off post‑acquisition. The total cost of Hibbett and Courir including £30m cash acquisition costs, debt repayment on acquisition, net of cash acquired, was £1,352m. Acquisitions of five smaller NCIs amounted to £40m. See acquisitions and disposals notes 6 and 7 for further details. Cash received on disposal of subsidiaries and associates was £95m, of which the most significant disposal was £73m cash received from the part disposal of our stake in Applied Nutrition. As a result, the change in net cash and cash equivalents was an outflow of £407m. Despite this reduction, we retained a strong balance sheet as our closing cash and cash equivalents and bank overdrafts balance was £695m, and net cash before lease liabilities was £52m. Acquisitions We expanded our Complementary Concepts offering in the year through the acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir. Hibbett On 25 July 2024, the Group acquired 100% of the shares in Hibbett Inc ('Hibbett') for $1,077m. Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, Hibbett is a leading sports fashion-inspired retailer with 1,179 stores located within communities in 36 states across the US at the time of acquisition. Its main retail fascias are Hibbett and City Gear. The acquisition enhances our presence in North America and ensures the Group has a proposition for consumers in key, under serviced US communities. We have split our US fascias into three categories - 'Mass', 'Reach' and 'Focus. 'Mass' is the JD fascia, which targets the same young consumer that we target with the JD fascia around the world. 'Reach' is both the Hibbett fascia for convenient locations in underserved communities and the Finish Line fascia within Macy's for an older, more female customer. And 'Focus' is using Shoe Palace, DTLR and City Gear to focus on specific urban communities across North America. Hibbett also provides an enhanced platform for the mall-led, nationwide growth of the JD brand in North America with its efficient supply chain and strong back office. The deal is expected to be earnings accretive in the first full year following acquisition, with expected cost synergies of at least $25 million over the medium term across our North American business. This acquisition will strengthen our brand relationships further as we continue to deliver a differentiated and world-class omnichannel, multi-fascias proposition for customers and allow us to grow ahead of the North America market and improve our return on space. Courir On 27 November 2024, the Group acquired 100% of the shares in Groupe Courir SAS ('Courir') for €391m. Post acquisition the Group repaid €198m of bank debt acquired. Courir is a market leader in sneakers in France, which is the largest sneaker market in Europe, and the acquisition reinforces our position within Europe. Looking forward, we are aiming to grow the Courir brand in Europe. Courir had 306 stores on acquisition with 303 bannered as Courir across France, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. This excludes 21 stores across France and Portugal that were sold before the end of FY25 to comply with European Competition regulation. In addition, there are a further 35 stores which trade under franchise agreements as Courir in North West Africa, Middle East and French overseas territories. Other Acquisitions During the period, we also purchased the remaining NCI shareholdings in DTLR Inc, Mainline Menswear Holdings Limited, Sport Zone Canarias SL and JD Canary Islands Sports SL, and 2.5% of the NCI in JD Gyms (2.5% remaining). Disposals On 20 November 2024, the Group disposed of its 49% equity interest shareholding in a joint venture, PT JD Sports Fashion Indonesia ('JD Indonesia'), for cash consideration of £6 million. In October 2024 the Group disposed of 21.58% of its shareholding in Applied Nutrition, as part of an IPO listing on the London Stock Exchange for cash proceeds of £73m. A gain of £75m arising from the disposal and gain on revaluation of the retained investment on the date of disposal is recognised as an adjusting item. We also divested of a further three non-core businesses; Bodytone International Sport SL, Total Swimming Holdings Limited and Gym King (Holdings) Limited. Capital Allocation Priorities, Dividends and Share Buyback Programme The Board recognises that the Group is cash generative and is committed to further enhancing returns to shareholders. The strategy is therefore to drive shareholder value by growing organic revenue ahead of the market and growing profit ahead of revenue. This will drive strong cash generation and enhance shareholder returns. Underpinned by a strong balance sheet, our capital allocation priorities are: · Organic investment in the business. We expect capital expenditure to trend from c.5% of revenue to 3-3.5% over the medium term. · Ensure we can meet future commitments including the buyout of the Genesis NCI in 2029 and 2030. See the post balance sheet event note 14 for further detail. · Pay a progressive dividend. · Using surplus cash to improve returns, either through increasing investment in the Group, M&A or providing incremental returns to shareholders. Consequently, the Board is proposing to increase the total dividend per share for the period to 1.00p (2024: 0.90p). This results in a recommended final dividend per share of 0.67p, reflecting a one-third/two-thirds split between the interim and the final dividend, keeping the payment split in line with the phasing of profit generated in the period. Given the weight of trading is biased towards the second half in the year, we propose to set the interim dividend in future as being one third of the prior year full year dividend with the final dividend reflecting trading for the full year. In addition, the Board has recognised the Group is now moving into a lower phase of capital investment with no material M&A opportunities in the pipeline and, reflecting the liquidity headroom created by the deferral of the Genesis option, it is now in a position to provide incremental shareholder returns. In line with this, the Group has commenced an initial share buyback programme of up to £100m. The programme will complete no later than 31 July 2025. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION Total assets at period end of £9,954m represents an increase compared to the prior period end of £8,048m total assets. The acquisitions of Hibbett and Courir have contributed significant balances across all lines of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. The most significant of which are goodwill of £777m, fascia names of £260m, property, plant and equipment of £227m, right of use assets of £413m and inventories of £357m. Total liabilities have also increased compared to the prior period end to £6,582m (2024: £5,179m). Interest bearing loans and borrowings have increased from £130m to £679m with the $1bn term loan taken out in the period ($700m outstanding at 1 February 2025). Lease liabilities increased by £492m largely through the Hibbett and Courir acquisitions. The change in net cash and cash equivalents was an outflow of £407m for reasons explained above. Despite this reduction, the Group retained a strong balance sheet with net cash before lease liabilities* of £52m. STORE PORTFOLIO The Group has continued to invest in growing the JD fascia across its key markets, while reducing the number of non-JD stores as the business is simplified and it pursues its JD Brand First strategy. JD We opened 205 new stores, in addition, we converted 21 stores to the JD fascia in MIG and ISRG that were previously within Complementary Concepts, and converted 29 Finish Line stores to JD fascia. We closed 103 stores, of which 29 were JD fascia, mostly in Europe, 66 were Finish Line and Macy's, as we continued to rationalise our store portfolio in North America. In addition there were eight other fascia closures. We opened the period with 1,903 stores, of which 1,252 were JD fascia (66%), and we ended with 2,026 stores of which 1,475 were JD fascia (73%), 257 were Finish Line fascia and 256 Macy's. After opening four new gyms, closing one and acquiring four gyms, the Group now has 92 JD gyms in the UK market. Complementary Concepts In Complementary Concepts, we ended the period with 2,221 stores, including 999 Hibbett, 251 DTLR, 200 City Gear, 199 Shoe Palace and 297 Courir stores. 81 stores were opened in the period with 36 in Hibbett and City Gear, 22 in Shoe Palace and 15 in DTLR. There were 132 closures in the period, of which 101 are within MIG, with eight stores converting to the JD fascia, as part of our programme to reduce the number of non-JD fascia stores in Eastern and Central Europe as we simplify the business. Sporting Goods and Outdoor In Sporting Goods, we opened 13 stores across Iberia, Greece and Cyprus and converted 13 stores within ISRG to the JD fascia. In Outdoor, we closed 24 stores, most of which were Blacks, and converted 27 Blacks stores to the Go Outdoor fascia. Franchise In addition, the Group now has 23 JD stores operating under three franchise agreements across the Middle East, Southeast Asia and South Africa, and 35 Courir franchised stores across ten countries. A summary of the total store movements in the period is below. No. of stores Opening New stores Closures Acquisitions Transfers Closing JD Brand UK 431 17 (14) - - 434 North America JD 240 73 (3) - 29 339 Finish Line 606 2 (66) - (29) 513 Europe 537 99 (19) - 21 638 Asia Pacific 89 14 (1) - - 102 Total 1,903 205 (103) - 21 2,026 Complementary Concepts North America 423 73 (23) 1,179 - 1,652 Europe 372 8 (109) 306 (8) 569 Total 795 81 (132) 1,485 (8) 2,221 Sporting Goods & Outdoors Europe (Sporting Goods) 376 13 (4) - (13) 372 UK (Outdoor) 243 12 (24) - - 231 Total 619 25 (28) - (13) 603 Group Total 3,317 311 (263) 1,485 - 4,850 POST-BALANCE SHEET EVENTS Genesis Put and Call Amendment In March 2025, an amendment was made to the Genesis shareholders' agreement. Under the revised terms, the exercise periods for the Non-Controlling Interest (NCI) put option and the JD call options have been deferred and can now be exercised in two equal instalments of 10% with two exercise periods, as opposed to the previous agreement of four equal instalments of 5%. The first exercise period for the options will now occur following the financial year ending in 2029, and the second exercise period will be following the financial year ending in 2030. As a result of this change, the current portion of the liability will be presented as non-current at FY26. The method for calculating the option price remains unchanged and continues to be based on a multiple of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) for the relevant financial period, adjusted for post-closing cash and debt. The cap on the total liability remains unchanged at £1.5bn. Share Buyback As referenced above, the Group has commenced a share buyback programme of £100m on 9 April 2025, which will complete no later than 31 July 2025. Consolidated Income Statement For the 52 weeks ended 1 February 2025 Note 52 we

[truncated]