Across The Markets: ME Group, Trainline, Diageo 2026-02-25 08:51:27 (5 months ago) Related Companies: Diageo (DGE) , Trainline (TRN) , Me Group International (MEGP) Diageo Big losses for the drinks giant this morning as the company published interim results . Citing weakness in the North American market owing to squeezed consumer spending, along with declines in the Chinese market, the brewer and distiller advised shareholders that dividends were being pared back to a more appropriate level. The half year payout was dropping by just a shade over half and the market seemed unwilling to cut any slack in response to improved profit margins or the progress that is being made with cost savings. In early trade the Diageo share price was down 6%. ME Group FTSE-250 listed ME Group updated the market this morning, advising that the publication of full year results would be delayed owing to delays with the audit process. No further detail is given here with management stressing that there are no material issues and the previously stated full year guidance has been reiterated. Record profitability is expected and a £15-£20m share buyback is seen as likely but investors have jumped on today’s news and the ME Group share price was down 18% shortly after the open. Trainline Investors in Europe’s leading rail ticketing platform Trainline have been rattled this morning by news that the CEO is to stand down . That follows a six year tenure at the company and the process is all very orderly, with the incumbent noting that as Trainline embarks on next multi-year phase of growth, now is the right time to alight. The outgoing CEO will remain with the company through the transition period but Trainline shares were off around 6% at 8.45am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Interim Results - - Diageo (DGE) Recommended cash offer for Augmentum Fintech plc - - Augmentum Fintech (AUGM) Molaoi Drilling Update - - Rockfire Resources (ROCK) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 7 hours ago OSB Group 7 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and