Photo-Me International ple
Annual Report 2021

nut

COMPANIES HOUSE

Photo-Me International PLC has evolved over time.

Our new corporate brand, ME Group, which was launched in 2021, better defines how the Group has
innovated and diversified its operations, and unifies the Group’s strategy across all its markets.

Our new identity reflects our mission to revolutionise local retail by bringing innovative automated
self-service solutions to consumers, delivered through a more self-sufficient customer experience every
day.

So why ME?

ME captures the easy-to-use and convenient nature of the Group’s diverse vending equipment portfolio
and consumer experience and engagement.

MY EXPERIENCE MORE ENGAGED MINUTE EXPERIENCE MAKING EASY

The new brand strategy is an exciting and important development for the Group, which will support its
plans for growth and continued diversification to meet the needs of customers and consumers today
and in the future.

ME Group is a trading name and trademark of PHOTO-ME INTERNATIONAL PLC which remains
the registered name of the Company for now.

Contents

STRATEGIC REPORT
2021 in Summary
Business at a Glance
Chairman’s Statement
Business Model and Strategy
Our Business: Identification
Our Business: Laundry
Our Business: Kiosks
Our Business: Food
Celebrating 60 years in 2022
Chief Executive’s Report
Financial Review
Section 172(1) Statement
Principal Risks
Corporate Responsibility Statement
Viability Statement

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Board of Directors & Company Secretary
Report of Directors

Corporate Governance

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities
Directors’ Remuneration Report
Remuneration Policy Report

Annual Report on Remuneration

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Photo-Me International plc
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
Group Statements of Financial Position
Company Statements of Financial Position
Group Statements of Cash Flows

Company Statements of Cash Flows

Group Statements of Changes in Equity
Company Statements of Changes in Equity
Notes to the Financial Statements

Company Information & Advisers
Shareholder Information

94
102
103

105
106
107
108
109
169
170

Photo.me

Facilitating the administrative procedures of several hundred thousand citizens every day throughout
the world in government-approved connected photo ID booths.

Strategic report

2021 in Summary 4
Business at a Glance 5
Chairman’s Statement 6
Business Model and Strategy 10

Our Business: Identification 12

Our Business: Laundry 14

Our Business: Kiosks 16

Our Business: Food 18
Celebrating 60 years in 2022 20
Chief Executive’s Report 24
Financial Review 34
Section 172(1) Statement 38
Principal Risks 43
Corporate Responsibility Statement 46
Viability Statement 55

2021 in Summary

Results summary
For the 12 months ended 31 October 2021

REVENUE
£214.4m
2020°: £186.3m

EBITDA (EXCLUDING ASSOCIATES)
£65.1m
2020°: £41.4m

PROFIT BEFORE TAX2
£28.6m
2020°: £(27.8)m

PROFIT AFTER TAX

£21.9m
2020°: £(24.9)m

CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

£66.1m
2020°: £51.8m

Financial summary

Gross CASH*
£98.4m
2020°: £106.2m

NET CASH
£34.9m
2020°: £21.9m

EARNINGS PER SHARE(DILUTED)

5.77p
2020°: Wa

TOTAL DIVIDEND PER ORDINARY SHARE

2.89p
2020°: nil

s Revenue was up 15.1% to £214.4 million (2020: £186.3 million), as the Group benefited from
the easing of COVID-19 restrictions on the movement of people compared with comparative

period last year

Operational highlights

EBITDA increased by 57.2% to £65.1 million (2020: £41.4 million)
Reported Profit before tax increased by £56.4 million to £28.6 million (2020: £(27.8) million)
Cash generation from operations increased 27.6% to £66.1 million (2020: £51.8 million)

Net cash of £34.9 million, an increase of 56.5% from the same in the prior year

. Strong performance with a progressive recovery in demand for our vending services seen across

most of our key markets

Photobooth revenue up 15.2%, driven by a strong performance in France and Japan

. Revenue from Revolution laundry units was up 26.6%, and the total number of Revolution units

in operation was up 19.1%

. Continued focus on new product innovation and diversification of operations to meet customer

and consumer needs

AUN #

Launch of ME Group, new corporate brand strategy to reflect diversification of operations

EBITDA is Reported profit before tax, total depreciation and amortization, other net gain, Finance cost and revenue.
Includes impairments and provisions resulting directly and indirectly of the pandemic.

All 2020 figures stated are for the 12 months ended 31 October 2020

Total cash and cash equivalent were £99.4m with gross cash £98.4m + bank deposit account for £1.0m

Business at a Glance

OUR PURPOSE:

To make people’s lives easier every day around the world through our innovative vending
products and services, and deliver value to all our stakeholders in all our markets.

Three core geographies
OPERATIONS IN
20 countries

Australia, Austria, Belgium, China, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Morocco,
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and
Vietnam

R&D CENTRES VENDING UNITS IN OPERATION
3 43,817

supported by a team of more than 50 engineers, situated in France (primary facility), Vietnam and
Japan

Four principal business areas

Photo.me
Photobooths and integrated biometric identification solutions

Print.me
High-quality digital printing kiosks
Wash.me

Unattended laundry services, launderettes, B2B services

Feed.me
Vending equipment for the food service market

Chairman’s Statement

Sir John Lewis
Non-executive Chairman

REPORTED REVENUE

£214.4m
at 31 October 2021

NET CASH POSITION

£34.9m
at 31 October 2021

In 2022 the Group will celebrate its 60th anniversary.

The year will also mark its rebirth, both in terms of our operational performance, if the
pandemic recedes, and in terms of innovation, diversification and expansion of our historical
business activities, photobooths, and laundry activities, alongside our newer self-service food
vending equipment activities.

Photo-Me is a unique business. Our business model has proven its strength through the resilience of
our performance in the 2021 financial year. Millions of people see our machines each day and we
benefit from a dominant market position in many of the countries in which we operate, with limited or
no competition. We have established and long-standing partnerships with site owners and customers,
underpinned by long-term contracts. This gives the Group good revenue lity and year-on-year
recurring revenue streams and provides a significant barrier to potential competitors. We use cash
generated from our operations to fund product innovation, to consolidate our offer and to extend our
geographic presence. Shareholder value is delivered through growth and dividends.

Our strategy remains to provide consumers and our partners with an excellent customer experience.
This approach is based on our three pillars: People, Service, and Customer Satisfaction.

Innovating local automatic services to meet the needs of consumers is in our DNA, and all our people
work together to deliver this objective. We have rejuvenated the Group’s corporate brand identity and
are now trading under the ME Group brand. To further cement this adherence to our purpose and
values, we have launched an ambitious policy of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). Our people,
across our operations, play an important part in the Group’s responsibility for reducing carbon
emissions, reducing material consumption, and the circular economy.

The Group delivered a strong performance in the 2021 financial year. A progressive recovery in
demand for our vending services across most of our key markets was driven by increased
photobooth activity and a strong performance from our laundry operations.

Sir John Lewis
Non-executive Chairman

Finally, our sustained efforts in research and development, boosted tenfold by a true digital revolution
launched in 2020, will continue to bring our machines to the forefront of innovation and customer
attraction.

2021 Overview

The Group delivered a strong performance in the 2021 financial year. A progressive recovery in
demand for our vending services across most of our key markets was driven by increased photobooth
activity and a strong performance from our laundry operations. The Group also benefited from
completion of its restructuring programmes to remove unprofitable machines from its estate (primarily
photobooths and children’s rides) in April 2021.

As a result, the Board is pleased to report that total revenue and profit before tax for the Period were at
the upper end of its expectations.

As well as benefiting from increased activity in most of our markets, considerable strategic progress
was made, despite ongoing disruption and challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The number
of Revolution laundry units grew by c. 19% year-on-year. We extended our presence in the food
vending equipment market with the acquisition of a pizza vending manufacturer and we launched a
fresh apple juice and fresh pineapple juice machine for the B2B market. The Group also entered two
new territories with plans to develop its operations in Finland and Australia,

ME Group corporate brand

The Group has a rich history spanning seven decades and its proposition has evolved significantly,
particularly in recent years as our diversification strategy has been successfully implemented.

Today the Group has a presence in 20 countries, and operates, sells and services a wide range of
instant-service equipment, primarily aimed at the end consumer. Whilst our photobooth services
remain an important part of our operations, the Group now offers an extensive and diverse range of
products and services beyond its photobooth heritage.

During the Period, the Group launched a new corporate brand “ME Group” to better reflect the change
in the breadth and reach of our operations, and the wide range of easy to use and convenient vending
products and solutions offered by the Group. ME GROUP is a trademark and trading name of Photo-
Me International plc.

Whilst our principal business areas are unchanged, we have aligned these to our new branding.
Identification and photobooths is called “Photo.ME”, laundry services called ““Wash.ME”, digital
printing kiosks, “Print.ME” and vending equipment for the food service market is now referred to as
“Feed.ME”.

Growth strategy

Our growth strategy is centred on further diversifying our operations, through product innovation and
new technologies. Our aim is to expand the number of units in operation and increase the yield per unit
by leveraging our technological and industry expertise, and our scale to rapidly rollout new products in
existing and new markets, whilst minimising production and operational costs.

Product innovation remains at the core of the Group to support diversification of our operations. We
have in-house R&D capabilities in France (primary facility), Vietnam and Japan, plus a team of more
than 50 dedicated engineers.

We use cash flow generated by our long-established operations, such as photobooths, to invest in future
growth.

Our key investment priorities are focused on three of our principal business areas:

. Diversification and commercialisation of the next generation photobooths (Photo.ME), a key
margin contributor to the Group.

Continued expansion of our laundry operations (Wash.ME), a key growth driver for the Group.

Growth of our food vending equipment business (Feed.ME), with the aim of becoming a leader
in the European market.

In addition to developing these business areas through organic growth, the Group will continue to
identify selected bolt-on acquisitions which meet the Group’s return on investment criteria.

As the Board drives this strategy forward, we expect that the Group’s Wash.ME and Feed.ME business
areas will contribute an increasing proportion of total Group revenue and profit.

Furthermore, the Group has extended its geographic footprint. In June 2021 we took the first
commercial steps to expand vending operations into Finland, and in September 2021 we entered the
Australian market via a small vending acquisition for a consideration of £1.9 million (A$3.5 million).
The Board is also considering opportunities in other European markets.

Further details of the growth strategy for each of our principal business areas and strategic progress in
the Period are set out in the Business Review.

Our corporate responsibility

The Board recognises the Group’s responsibilities to the community and the environment and believes
that health, safety, and environmental issues are integral and important components of best practice in
business management.

Our systemic CSR approach and focus on inventing eco-responsible local services together supports
our growth strategy and operations by integrating social, environmental, and economic expectations
into the Group’s strategy and operations. We are committed to strengthening our efficiency by better
coordinating and aligning all our CSR-related actions across our organisation to accelerate delivery of
our CSR goals. Our priorities are focused on our social commitment, our environmental footprint, and
our responsibility toward society. Our aim is for the Group to be carbon neutral by 2040.

The Board

The Board of Directors has been working hard to refresh its membership for some time as it continues
to plan for succession for both Executive and Non-executive Directors and we were delighted to
announce the appointment of four new members on 23 June 2021.

Tania Crasnianski was appointed as an Executive Director, and Camille Claverie, René Proglio and
Sigieri Diaz della Vittoria Pallavicini were appointed as Non-executive Directors. These new
appointments bring a wealth of experience and breadth of skill sets and the Board is pleased to work
with Tania, Camille, René and Sigieri to drive forward the Group’s growth strategy. .

Mr Yitzhak Apeloig tendered his resignation as a Non-executive director and left the Company in April
2021. The Board thanks Mr Apeloig for his invaluable contribution to the Group during his tenure of
office.

Dividend

The Board is recommending a final dividend of 2.89p per ordinary share for the shareholders on the
register at the close of business on 19 April 2022. The ex-dividend date will be 14 April 2022 and, if
approved by shareholders at the Company’s annual general meeting on 29 April 2022, the dividend
will be paid on 13 May 2022.

Looking ahead

While there continues to be some disruption from the pandemic and market visibility is still somewhat
limited, we remain highly vigilant and continue to take the steps needed to mitigate the impact of the
current trading environment on our operations and our financial position.

9

The situation in Russia and Ukraine is being closely monitored by the Board. However, the Group has
no activities at all in this region and therefore it does not currently expect Group revenue to be
impacted.

The Board has carefully reviewed several scenarios and we are confident that the Group has sufficient
financial resources to continue to deal with the economic risks over the next five years.

There has been a recovery in activity in most territories, except for Asia which is still severely
impacted by COVID-19 government restrictions. The Board believes that the Group’s recovery to date
demonstrates its resilience and the benefits of its strategic activities, which gives us further confidence
that our financial performance will return closer to pre-pandemic levels as the pandemic subsides.

ft

Sir John Lewis
Non-executive Chairman

30 March 2022

Business Model and Strategy

Our business mode! has proven its strength through the resilience of our performance in the 2021
financial year.

Millions of people see our machines each day and we benefit from a dominant market position in
many of the countries in which we operate, with limited or no competition.

We have established and long-standing partnerships, underpinned by long-term contracts which gives
the Group good revenue visibility and year-on-year recurring revenue streams and provides a
significant barrier to potential competitors.

Our business strategy is focused on diversifying our product portfolio, expanding the number of units
in operation, and increasing the yield per unit, while minimising production and operational costs to the
Group.

Key investment priorities

. Diversification and commercialisation of our next generation photobooths, a key margin
contributor

. Continued expansion of our laundry operations, a key growth driver for the Group

. Growth of Feed.ME, to become the food-vending equipment market leader in France by
2023

. Innovation and diversification focused on delivering a state-of-the-art user experience,
backed by the best technology, and an Omnichannel approach

Our key strengths support our growth strategy
Long-term partnerships with high footfall technology and innovation
Development of proprietary solutions and continuous focus on product diversification

Long-term partnerships withhigh footfall site owners, underpinned by long-term contracts
Supermarkets, shopping malls, public transport and public administration buildings

Brand recognition
Leading brands and household names in key territories

Network of skilled field engineers
Supporting growth across business areas at limited additional cost

Telemetry system
Sophisticated and tailored to the Group’s proprietary technology

Industry expertise
More than 50 years working with regulatory bodies

Stable cash flows
Generated from existing network to fund R&Dand support growth through product innovation and to
consolidate our offer and extend our geographic presence

Value for all our stakeholders

Competitively priced, high-quality services for consumers
Meeting increasing demand for instant vending services on-the-go

Additional services for site owners
Support customer needs and footfall

Shareholder value
Delivered through growth and dividends

ll

Corporate social responsibilty
Focus on social commitment, environmental footprint, and responsibility towards society

Identification

GROUP TOTAL VENDING ESTATE
63.6%

PHOTOBOOTH UNITS IN OPERATION
27,867

PHOTOBOOTH PRESENCE IN
15 countries

Austria, Belgium, China, France, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Singapore,
South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom

REVENUE'

415.2%
2021: £123.2m
2020: £106.9m

1 For the 12 months ended 31 October

Photo.me
Photobooths and integrated biometric photo identification solutions
A global leader in the photobooth market for instant photo ID, portraits, andfun photographs

We have an established network of nearly 28,000 photobooths offering market-leading photographic
quality and technology in 15 countries

Our services are primarily aimed at the consumer market, with machines typically located in
convenient, high-footfall locations such as supermarkets, shopping centres and travel hubs

We work closely with national institutions to fully understand government Photo ID standards and
security requirements

Our strategy

Photo.ME delivers stable cash flow that supports the Group’s diversification strategy and
investment in new product development.

Our Photo.ME growth strategy is focused around:

. Diversification and commercialisation of next generation photobooths, a key margin contributor
to the Group

. Longer-term opportunities to expand presence outside of Europe, particularly in countries where
self-taken ID photos are not permitted

. Deploying proven identification security technologies in existing and new territories

. Growing revenue through multiple service offering

Our operations
Photo.ME offers:
Integrated proprietary software ensuring all photographs conform to International Standards

Organisation (ISO) and International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) regulations for photo
identification