BETA Close X ME Group International PLC announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Stéphane Gibon, exercised options on 211,029 ordinary shares at prices of £0.6873 and £1.267 per share, subsequently selling all shares for £1.47 each. Following these transactions, the company's issued share capital will increase to 376,251,046 ordinary shares. The company also confirmed it holds no shares in treasury after its buyback program. Disclaimer* ME Group International PLC 13 April 2026 13 April 2026 ME Group International PLC ('ME Group' and the 'Company') PDMR Dealing and Issue of Equity ME Group, the instant‑service equipment group, was notified on 10 April 2026 that Stéphane Gibon, Chief Financial Officer (non-Board) exercised options over a total of 211,029 Ordinary Shares of 0.5p each in the Company ('Ordinary Shares') under the Company's Executive Share Option Scheme (2014) at a price of £0.6873 for 100,000 such shares and a price of £1.267 for the balance of 111,029. He subsequently sold all of the resulting 211,029 Ordinary Shares at a price of £1.47 per Ordinary Share. The new Ordinary Shares issued as a result of the above option exercises rank pari passu with the Company's existing issued Ordinary Shares and have been admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange's main market for listed securities, under the Company's existing block admission. In accordance with the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, when the underlying Ordinary Shares are allotted tomorrow the Company's issued share capital will consist of 376,251,046 Ordinary Shares. The figure of 376,251,046 Ordinary Shares should be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. As the Company intends to cancel the Ordinary Shares it is purchasing under its buyback programme, following the cancellation of the purchased shares the Company holds no shares in Treasury. Enquiries: ME Group International plc Del Mansi, Company Secretary ir@me-group.com 01372 453399 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name STEPHANE GIBON 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status PDMR (Chief Financial Officer) b) Initial notification /Amendment INITIAL 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name ME GROUP INTERNATIONAL PLC b) LEI 2138006YJ65EKBYYYX41 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 0.5p each in the Company Identification code GB0008481250 b) Nature of the transaction Exercise of option over Ordinary Shares and subsequent sale of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Exercise of option Price per share Volume(s) £0.6873 100,000 £1.267 111,029 Exercise of option Price per share Volume(s) £1.47 211,029 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A - single transactions e) Date of the transaction 10 April 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON), Main Market This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Me Group International (MEGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 12 minutes ago GSK 27 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 27 minutes ago Marshalls 39 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and