Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 39 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 73 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 73 Item 9B. Other Information 74 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 74 PART III ​ Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 75 Item 11. Executive Compensation 75 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 76 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 76 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 76 PART IV ​ Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 77 Item 16 . Form 10-K Summary 81 ​ ​ ​ ​ 3 ​ Statements ​ We claim the protection of the for statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by words such as “estimate,” “may,” “could,” “will,” “believe,” “expect,” “would,” “consider,” “should,” “anticipate,” “project,” “plan,” “intend,” or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this annual report that are not historical facts are statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues, and future performance. These statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general; inflation; consumer debt levels; product demand; a public health crisis; the market for auto parts; competition; weather; trade disputes and changes in trade policies, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs; availability of key products and supply chain disruptions; business interruptions, including terrorist activities, war and the threat of war; failure to protect our brand and reputation; challenges in international markets; volatility of the market price of our common stock; our increased debt levels; credit ratings on public debt; damage, failure, or interruption of information technology systems, including information security and ; historical growth rate sustainability; our ability to hire and retain qualified employees; risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses; and governmental regulations. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these statements. Please refer to the “Risk Factors” section in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. ​ ​ 4 ​ PART I ​ Item 1. Business ​ GENERAL INFORMATION ​ Unless otherwise indicated, “we,” “us,” “our,” and similar terms, as well as references to the “Company,” refer to O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. O’Reilly is one of the largest specialty retailers of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories across North America, selling our products to both (“DIY”) and professional service provider customers, our “dual market strategy.” The business was founded in 1957 by Charles F. O’Reilly and his son, Charles H. “Chub’’ O’Reilly, Sr., and initially operated from a single store in Springfield, Missouri. Our common stock has traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ORLY” since April 22, 1993. ​ On June 10, 2025, the Company completed a 15- forward stock split of our common stock. All share and per share information, including compensation, in the current and comparable periods throughout this annual report on Form 10-K, has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the stock split. All shares of common stock retained a par value of $0.01 per share. ​ At December 31, 2025, we operated 6,447 stores in 48 states in the United States (“U.S.”) and Puerto Rico, 112 stores in Mexico, and 26 stores in Canada. Our stores carry an extensive product line, including: ● New and remanufactured automotive hard parts and maintenance items, such as alternators, batteries, brake system components, belts, chassis parts, driveline parts, engine parts, fuel pumps, hoses, starters, temperature control, water pumps, antifreeze, appearance products, engine additives, filters, fluids, lighting, oil, and wiper blades. ● Accessories, such as floor mats, seat covers, and truck accessories. ​ Our stores offer many enhanced services and programs to our customers, such as: ● Battery diagnostic testing. ● Battery, wiper, and bulb replacement. ● Check engine light code extraction through our trusted VeriScan technology, which provides diagnostic information with possible repair fixes. ● Referrals to trusted local repair shops. ● Custom hydraulic hoses. ● Drum and rotor resurfacing. ● Electrical and module testing. ● Loaner tool program. ● Professional paint shop mixing and related materials. ● Used oil, oil filter, and battery recycling. ​ See the “Risk Factors” section of this annual report on Form 10-K for a description of certain risks relevant to our business. These risk factors include, among others, risks related to deteriorating economic conditions; competition in the automotive aftermarket business; our sensitivity to regional economic and weather conditions; our relationships with key suppliers and availability of key products; business interruptions; failure to protect our brand and reputation; risks associated with international operations; unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results; the volatility of the market price of our common stock; our increased debt levels; a downgrade in our credit ratings; information and systems security, damage, and failure; failure to achieve our growth objectives; our dependence upon key personnel; our acquisition success; and litigation, environmental legislation, and other regulations. ​ OUR BUSINESS ​ Our goal is to continue to achieve growth in sales and profitability by capitalizing on our competitive advantages and executing our growth strategies. We remain confident in our ability to continue to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O’Reilly values, including hard work, superior customer service, and expense control. Our mission is to be the dominant auto parts provider in all the markets we serve by providing a higher level of customer service and a better value position than our competitors to both DIY and professional service provider customers. ​ 5 ​ Competitive Advantages ​ We believe our effective dual market strategy, superior customer service, technically proficient store personnel, strategic distribution network, and experienced management Team make up our key competitive advantages, which cannot be easily duplicated. ​ Proven Ability to Execute Our Dual Market Strategy: For more than 45 years, we have established a track record of effectively serving, at a high level, both DIY and professional service provider customers. We believe our proven ability to effectively execute a dual market strategy is a unique competitive advantage. The execution of this strategy enables us to better compete by targeting a larger base of automotive aftermarket parts consumers, capitalizing on our existing store and distribution infrastructure, operating profitably in both large markets and less densely populated geographic areas that typically attract fewer national chain competitors, and enhancing service levels offered to DIY customers through the offering of a broad inventory and the extensive product knowledge required by professional service provider customers. ​ In 2025, we derived approximately 50% of our sales from our DIY customers and approximately 50% of our sales from our professional service provider customers. Historically, we have increased our sales to professional service provider customers at a faster pace than the increase in our sales to DIY customers due to the more fragmented nature of the professional service provider business, which offers a greater opportunity for consolidation. We believe we will continue to have a competitive advantage on the professional service provider portion of our business, due to our systems, knowledge, parts availability, and experience serving the professional service provider side of the automotive aftermarket, augmented by our approximately 825 sales staff dedicated solely to calling upon and servicing the professional service provider customer. We will also continue to expand and enhance the level of offerings focused on growing our DIY business and will continue to execute our proven dual market strategy in both existing and new markets. ​ Superior Customer Service: We seek to provide our customers with an efficient and pleasant experience by maintaining attractive stores in convenient locations with a wide selection of automotive products. We believe the satisfaction of DIY and professional service provider customers is substantially dependent upon our ability to provide, in a timely fashion, the correct automotive products needed to complete their repairs. Accordingly, each O’Reilly store carries, or has same or next day availability to, a broad selection of automotive products designed to cover a wide range of vehicle applications. We continuously refine the inventory levels and assortments carried in each of our stores and within our network, based in large part on the sales movement tracked by our inventory control system, market vehicle registration data, failure rates, and management’s assessment of the changes and trends in the marketplace. We have no material backorders for the products we sell. ​ We seek to attract new DIY and professional service provider customers and retain existing customers by offering superior customer service, the key elements of which are identified below: ● Superior service through , technically-proficient store personnel (“Professional Parts People”). ● An extensive selection and superior availability of products. ● Many enhanced service programs, including battery and electrical testing, battery, wiper and bulb replacement, and check engine light code extractions with diagnostic information. ● Attractive stores in convenient locations. ● Competitive pricing, supported by a good, better, best product assortment designed to meet all of our customers’ quality and value preferences. ● A robust system integrated with our proprietary electronic catalog, which contains a wide variety of product images, schematics and technical specifications, and equips our Team Members with highly effective tools to source products in our extensive supply network. ● Online ordering for our professional customers through our proprietary professional customer platforms, www.OReillyPro.com and our O’Reilly Pro mobile application, with local delivery available. ● Online ordering, featuring “chat with a parts professional,” parts look up assistance for our DIY customers through our retail platform, www.OReillyAuto.com , with convenient store locations for orders or home delivery. ​ Technically Proficient Professional Parts People: Our , technically-proficient Professional Parts People provide us with a significant competitive advantage, particularly over less specialized retail operators. We require our Professional Parts People to undergo extensive and ongoing training and to be knowledgeable, particularly with respect to hard part repairs, in order to better serve the technically-oriented professional service 6 ​ provider customers with whom they interact on a daily basis. Such technical proficiency also enhances the customer service we provide to our DIY customers who value the expert assistance provided by our Professional Parts People. See our “Team Members and Human Capital Management” disclosure of the “Business” section of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information about our technically proficient professional parts people. ​ Strategic Regional Tiered Distribution Network: We believe our commitment to a robust, regional, tiered distribution network provides superior replenishment and access to parts and enables us to optimize product availability and inventory levels throughout our store network. Our strategic, regional, tiered distribution network includes distribution centers (“DCs”) and Hub stores. Our inventory management and distribution systems electronically link each of our stores to one or more DCs, which provides for efficient inventory control and management. We currently operate 32 DCs, which typically provides our stores with or overnight access to over 156,000 stock keeping units (“SKUs”), many of which are items not typically stocked by other auto parts retailers. To augment our robust distribution network, we operate a total of 399 Hub stores that also provide delivery service and access to stores within the surrounding areas to an average of 63,000 SKUs, with Hubs in select markets carrying further enhanced inventory levels up to approximately 115,000 SKUs. More than 95% of our stores receive multiple deliveries and deliveries on weekends of hard to find parts from our DCs and Hub stores. We believe this timely access to a broad range of products is a key competitive advantage in satisfying customer demand and generating repeat business. ​ Experienced Management Team: Our Company philosophy is to “promote from within,” and the vast majority of our senior managers, district managers, and store managers have been promoted from within the Company. We augment this “promote from within” philosophy by pursuing strategic hires with a strong emphasis on automotive aftermarket experience, technical proficiency, or subject matter expertise. We have a strong management Team that has demonstrated the consistent ability to successfully execute our business plan and growth strategy by generating 33 consecutive years of record revenues and earnings and positive comparable store sales results since becoming a public company in April of 1993. See our “Team Members and Human Capital Management” disclosure in the “Business” section of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information about our experienced management Team. ​ Growth Strategy ​ Aggressively Open New Stores: We intend to continue to consolidate the fragmented automotive aftermarket. During 2025, we opened 207 net, new stores. In 2026, we plan to open 225 to 235 net, new stores, which will increase our penetration in existing markets and allow for expansion into new, contiguous markets. The sites for these new stores have been identified, and to date, we have not experienced significant difficulties in locating suitable sites for construction of new stores or identifying suitable acquisition targets for conversion to O’Reilly stores. We typically open new stores by: (i) Constructing a new facility or renovating an existing facility on property we purchase or lease and stocking the new store with fixtures and inventory; (ii) Acquiring an independently owned auto parts store (“jobber store”), typically by the purchase of substantially all of the inventory and other assets (other than realty) of such store; or (iii) Purchasing chains. ​ New store sites are strategically located in clusters within geographic areas that complement our distribution network in order to achieve economies of scale in management, advertising, and distribution. Other key factors we consider in the site selection process include population density and growth patterns, demographic lifestyle segmentation, age and per capita income, vehicle traffic counts, vehicles in operation, number and type of existing automotive repair facilities, and competing auto parts stores within a predetermined radius. ​ We target both small and large markets for expansion of our store network. While we have, and continue to face, aggressive competition in the more densely populated markets, we believe we have competed effectively, and are well positioned to continue to compete effectively, in such markets in order to achieve our goal of continued profitable sales growth within these markets. We also believe that with our dual market strategy, we are better able to operate stores in less densely populated areas, which would not otherwise support a national chain store selling primarily to the retail automotive aftermarket. Therefore, we continue to pursue opening new stores in less densely populated market areas as part of our growth strategy. ​ Grow Sales in Existing Stores: Profitable comparable store sales growth is also an important part of our growth strategy. To achieve improved sales and profitability at existing O’Reilly stores, we continually strive to improve the service provided to our customers. We believe that while competitive 7 ​ pricing is an essential component of successful growth in the automotive aftermarket business, it is customer satisfaction, whether of the DIY consumer or professional service provider, resulting from superior customer service, that generates sustainable increased sales and profitability. ​ Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions: The automotive aftermarket industry is still highly fragmented, and we believe the ability of national auto parts chains, like O’Reilly, to operate more efficiently and effectively than smaller independent operators will result in continued industry consolidation. Our intention is to continue to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions that will strengthen our position as a leading automotive aftermarket parts supplier in existing markets and provide a springboard for expansion into new domestic and international markets. ​ Continually Enhance Store Design and Location: Our current prototype store design features optimized square footage, high ceilings, convenient interior store layouts, signage, multilingual signage, bright lighting, convenient ingress and egress, ample parking, and dedicated counters to serve professional service provider customers, each designed to increase sales and operating efficiencies to enhance overall customer service. We continually update the location and condition of our store network through systematic renovation and relocation of our existing stores to enhance store performance. During 2025, we relocated 35 stores and performed minor to major updates or renovations to approximately 700 additional stores. We believe that our ability to consistently achieve growth in comparable store sales is due in part to our commitment to maintaining an attractive store network, which is strategically located to best attract and serve our customers. ​ Omnichannel Growth Strategy: Our Omnichannel growth strategies reflect the continued evolution of customer preferences in researching and completing purchases. More than ever before, our customers’ purchase decisions are informed by a range of interactions, whether , over the phone, or through a variety of digital channels, as they seek to find the professional parts knowledge and product availability they need to meet their automotive repair and maintenance needs. Our Omnichannel growth strategies are focused on offering our customers an enhanced and seamless research and buying experience through any of these channels. We have long been known for excellent customer service and continue to grow the functionality and of our digital platforms, including www.OReillyAuto.com, www.OReillyPro.com, and our O’Reilly Pro mobile application, to enhance our customers’ shopping experience. Many of our customers interact over multiple channels to research and complete a purchase, and the functionality and features of our digital properties complement the outstanding customer service provided in our brick and mortar locations. ​ Team Members and Human Capital Management ​ Our tradition for 69 years has been to treat all of our Team Members with honesty and respect and to commit significant resources to instill in them our “Live Green” culture, which emphasizes the importance of each Team Member’s contribution to the success of O’Reilly. This focus on professionalism and respect has created an Team, and we consider our relations with our Team Members to be excellent. ​ We are committed to providing a work environment where Team Members feel highly valued and are productive in their jobs by maintaining an environment where every voice is valued. We believe this, along with a healthy work/life balance, increases Team Member engagement. Our ongoing emphasis on engagement and respect, including our policies, recruitment and selection procedures, onboarding processes, and training efforts, positively builds upon our successful “promote from within” philosophy and growth strategies. ​ Talent Acquisition, Retention, and Training: Our Company knows the value of a tenured Team, which is why our philosophy is to “promote from within” first. As management opportunities arise, we look first within the Company and promote those who have performed well, have the right expertise, and have shown leadership potential before looking outside the Company; however, we augment this philosophy by pursuing strategic hires with a strong emphasis on automotive aftermarket experience, customer service excellence, subject matter expertise, and strong culture fit. This comprehensive approach increases Team Member commitment and has resulted in a very experienced leadership Team. As of December 31, 2025, our strong management Team was comprised of 264 senior managers who average 20 years of service, 377 corporate managers who average 13 years of service, and 649 district managers who average 14 years of service. ​ Each of our stores is staffed with a store manager and one or more assistant managers, in addition to parts specialists, retail and/or installer service specialists, and other positions required to meet the specific needs of each store. Each of our 649 district managers has general supervisory responsibility for an average of 10 stores, which provides our stores with strong operational support. ​ 8 ​ We offer a variety of specific training programs that address a broad spectrum of topics from store and distribution center operations to customer service. We believe our highly trained Team of Professional Parts People is essential in providing superior customer service to both DIY and professional service provider customers. A significant portion of our business is from professional service provider customers; therefore, our Professional Parts People are required to be highly technically proficient in automotive products. In addition, we have found that the typical DIY customer often seeks assistance from Professional Parts People, particularly when purchasing hard parts. The ability of our Professional Parts People to provide such assistance to the DIY customer creates a favorable impression and is a significant factor in generating repeat DIY business. ​ We screen prospective store Team Members to identify highly motivated individuals who either have experience with automotive parts and repairs or automotive aptitude. New store Team Members go through a comprehensive orientation focused on the culture of our Company, as well as the requirements for their specific position. Additionally, during their first year of employment, our parts specialists go through extensive automotive systems and product knowledge training to ensure they are able to provide high levels of service to our customers. Once all of the required training has been satisfied, our parts specialists become eligible to take the O’Reilly Certified Parts Professional test. Passing the O’Reilly test helps prepare them to become certified by the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (“ASE”). ​ All of our stores have the ability to support and supply professional service provider customers. For this reason, select Team Members in each store complete extensive sales call training with a regional field sales manager. These Team Members then spend at least one day per week calling on existing and potential professional service provider customers. Each Team Member engaged in such sales activities participates in quarterly advanced training programs for sales and business development. ​ Additionally, we have extensive processes in place to specifically identify emerging talent and conduct formalized training focused on leadership development. Store and district managers complete a comprehensive training program to ensure each has a thorough understanding of customer service, leadership, inventory management, and store profitability, as well as all other sales and operational aspects of our business model. Store and district managers are also required to complete a structured training program that is specific to their position, including attending a manager development program at the corporate headquarters in Springfield, Missouri. Store and district managers also receive continuous training through online training programs, field workshops, regional meetings, and our annual leadership conference. ​ Engagement and Belonging: At O’Reilly, we are committed to fostering a culture of engagement and belonging where every individual’s voice is heard, valued, and respected. We believe in celebrating and embracing the unique perspectives, experiences, and talents that each person brings. We are dedicated to creating an environment that is free from discrimination, harassment, and bias, and where everyone has equal opportunities to thrive and succeed. We are committed to recruiting and building strong teams through our robust processes for talent acquisition, ongoing leadership development, and active identification of emerging talent. We have worked to expand opportunities for all of our Team Members through programs designed to prepare them to take on more responsibilities at every level of the organization. We firmly believe that promoting from within is a differentiator in leveraging Team Member experience and maximizing engagement across the entire Company. In order to ensure our engagement efforts are successful, we survey our Team Members, provide enhanced, collaborative learning through training and resources, and build network groups, action plans, and programs aimed at improving our work environments for our Team Members and customers. ​ Compensation, Benefits, and Recognition: Our compensation philosophy has always been to incentivize Team Members to “run it like you own it,” and we continually evaluate and benchmark our comprehensive compensation programs to ensure they remain competitive, providing an important tool to attract and retain the best and most qualified Team Members in every market. We provide financial incentives to all store Team Members through various incentive compensation programs. Store team members have the opportunity to earn incentive pay that increases their base hourly wage consistent with their individual performance or the performance of their store. Store managers, district managers, region directors, and division vice presidents have the ability to earn additional compensation above their salary or base hourly wage based upon the performance of their stores. In addition, beginning with the district manager level, we augment our competitive programs with compensation. We believe our incentive compensation programs significantly increase the motivation and overall performance of our Team Members. ​ Just as pay, benefits, and growth opportunities are critically important to our Team Members’ success, we believe it is equally important to recognize Team Members for a job well done. We regularly present many awards that range from recognizing individual service longevity to performance, allowing recognition, or management nomination of an individual’s excellent performance. ​ 9 ​ Team Composition: We recognize that each and every one of our Team Members plays a critical role in our ability to provide outstanding customer service and achieve consistent, successful performance. As of January 31, 2026, we employed 92,923 Team Members (78,258 Team Members and 14,665 Team Members), of whom 76,467 were employed at our stores, 11,649 were employed at our DCs, and 4,807 were employed at our corporate and regional offices. Ours is an increasingly technical business creating the need for knowledgeable Professional Parts People, and our ongoing focus on developing a technically proficient Team has resulted in the growth of the mix of our work force, increasing from 65% at January 31, 2020, to 84% at January 31, 2026. While Professional Parts People play a vital role in our ongoing success, the flexibility of incorporating employment into our work force is also an important component of providing excellent customer service. Many of our Team Members choose to work at O’Reilly while attending school, or during other transitional periods in their lives, or simply because of their passion for cars and knowledge of auto parts. Team Members have the opportunity to become career Professional Parts People because of our “promote from within” philosophy, and many of our leaders today began their careers as Team Members in our stores or distribution centers. ​ A union represents approximately 464 Team Members in 49 stores in the Greater Bay Area in California and has for many years. There are approximately 28 Team Members that drive trucks in one of our domestic DCs that are also represented by a labor union. Additionally, two unions represent approximately 862 Team Members in Mexico and two unions represent approximately 128 Team Members in Canada. We consider our current relationship with these unions and union Team Members to be excellent. With the exception of the previously described Team Members, our Team Members are not represented by labor unions. ​ Additional information about our Team Member population and human capital management practices can be found in our most recent Impact Report, which is available on our website at www.OReillyAuto.com. The information available on our website, including our Impact Report, is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. ​ Store Network ​ New Store Site Selection: In selecting sites for new stores, we seek to strategically locate store sites in clusters within geographic areas in order to achieve economies of scale in management, advertising, and distribution. Other key factors we consider in the site selection process are: ● Population density. ● Demographics, including age, life style, and per capita income. ● Market economic strength, retail draw, and growth patterns. ● Number, age, and percent of makes and models of registered vehicles. ● The number, type, and sales potential of existing automotive repair facilities. ● The number of auto parts stores and other competitors within a predetermined radius. ● Physical location, traffic count, size, economics, and presentation of the site. ● Financial review of adjacent existing locations. ● The type and size of store that should be developed. ​ When entering new, more densely populated markets, we may, when appropriate, seek to initially open several stores within a short span of time in order to maximize the effect of initial promotional programs and achieve economies of scale. After opening this initial cluster of new stores, we begin penetrating the less densely populated surrounding areas. As these store clusters mature, we evaluate the need to open additional locations in the more densely populated markets where we believe opportunities exist to expand our market share or to improve the level of service provided in high volume areas. This strategy enables us to achieve additional distribution and advertising efficiencies in each market. ​ Store Locations and Size: As a result of our dual market strategy, we are able to profitably operate in both large, densely populated markets and small, less densely populated areas that would not otherwise support a national chain selling primarily to the retail automotive aftermarket. Our domestic stores, on average, carry approximately 24,000 SKUs and average approximately 8,000 total square feet in size. At December 31, 2025, we had a total of approximately 52 million square feet in our 6,447 domestic stores. Our stores are served primarily by the nearest DC, which, on average, carry over 156,000 SKUs, but also have access to the broad selection of inventory available at one of our 10 ​ 399 Hub stores that average 18,300 square feet in size and carry an average of 63,000 SKUs, with Hubs in select markets carrying further enhanced inventory levels up to approximately 115,000 SKUs. ​ We believe that our stores are “destination stores” generating their own traffic rather than relying on traffic created by the presence of other stores in the immediate vicinity. Consequently, most of our stores are freestanding buildings or prominent end caps situated on or near major traffic thoroughfares and offer ample parking, easy customer access, and are generally located in close proximity to our professional service provider customers. ​ 11 ​ The following table sets forth the geographic distribution and opening and acquisition activity of our stores as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2024 ​ 2025 Net, New Stores ​ December 31, 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % of Total ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cumulative ​ ​ Store ​ % of Total ​ Store ​ Store ​ Store ​ % of Total ​ % of Total Location ​ Count ​ Store Count ​ Growth ​ Growth ​ Count ​ Store Count ​ Store Count Texas ​ 850 ​ 13.3 % ​ 28 13.5 % ​ 878 ​ 13.3 % ​ 13.3 % California ​ 604 ​ 9.5 % ​ 10 4.8 % ​ 614 ​ 9.2 % ​ 22.5 % Florida ​ 300 ​ 4.7 % ​ 18 8.7 % ​ 318 ​ 4.8 % ​ 27.3 % Georgia ​ 247 ​ 3.9 % ​ 6 3.0 % ​ 253 ​ 3.8 % ​ 31.1 % Illinois ​ 233 ​ 3.7 % ​ 5 2.4 % ​ 238 ​ 3.6 % ​ 34.7 % North Carolina ​ 228 ​ 3.6 % ​ 7 3.4 % ​ 235 ​ 3.6 % ​ 38.3 % Ohio ​ 227 ​ 3.6 % ​ 4 1.9 % ​ 231 ​ 3.5 % ​ 41.8 % Missouri ​ 215 ​ 3.4 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 217 ​ 3.3 % ​ 45.1 % Tennessee ​ 207 ​ 3.2 % ​ 4 1.9 % ​ 211 ​ 3.2 % ​ 48.3 % Michigan ​ 189 ​ 3.0 % ​ 3 1.4 % ​ 192 ​ 2.9 % ​ 51.2 % Indiana ​ 174 ​ 2.7 % ​ 1 0.5 % ​ 175 ​ 2.7 % ​ 53.9 % Alabama ​ 168 ​ 2.6 % ​ 6 3.0 % ​ 174 ​ 2.6 % ​ 56.5 % Washington ​ 169 ​ 2.6 % ​ 3 1.4 % ​ 172 ​ 2.6 % ​ 59.1 % Arizona ​ 154 ​ 2.4 % ​ 9 4.3 % ​ 163 ​ 2.5 % ​ 61.6 % Louisiana ​ 152 ​ 2.4 % ​ 3 1.4 % ​ 155 ​ 2.4 % ​ 64.0 % Wisconsin ​ 144 ​ 2.3 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 146 ​ 2.2 % ​ 66.2 % Minnesota ​ 138 ​ 2.2 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 140 ​ 2.1 % ​ 68.3 % Oklahoma ​ 136 ​ 2.1 % ​ 4 1.9 % ​ 140 ​ 2.1 % ​ 70.4 % South Carolina ​ 131 ​ 2.1 % ​ 4 1.9 % ​ 135 ​ 2.1 % ​ 72.5 % Arkansas ​ 129 ​ 2.0 % ​ 3 1.4 % ​ 132 ​ 2.0 % ​ 74.5 % Colorado ​ 127 ​ 2.0 % ​ 5 2.4 % ​ 132 ​ 2.0 % ​ 76.5 % Kentucky ​ 111 ​ 1.7 % ​ — — % ​ 111 ​ 1.7 % ​ 78.2 % Virginia ​ 103 ​ 1.6 % ​ 4 1.9 % ​ 107 ​ 1.6 % ​ 79.8 % Kansas ​ 89 ​ 1.4 % ​ 1 0.5 % ​ 90 ​ 1.4 % ​ 81.2 % Mississippi ​ 87 ​ 1.4 % ​ 3 1.4 % ​ 90 ​ 1.4 % ​ 82.6 % Iowa ​ 83 ​ 1.3 % ​ — — % ​ 83 ​ 1.3 % ​ 83.9 % Utah ​ 78 ​ 1.2 % ​ 3 1.4 % ​ 81 ​ 1.2 % ​ 85.1 % Oregon ​ 79 ​ 1.2 % ​ — — % ​ 79 ​ 1.2 % ​ 86.3 % New Mexico ​ 66 ​ 1.0 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 68 ​ 1.0 % ​ 87.3 % Massachusetts ​ 62 ​ 1.0 % ​ 1 0.5 % ​ 63 ​ 1.0 % ​ 88.3 % Nevada ​ 61 ​ 1.0 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 63 ​ 1.0 % ​ 89.3 % Idaho ​ 58 ​ 0.9 % ​ 4 1.9 % ​ 62 ​ 0.9 % ​ 90.2 % New York ​ 47 ​ 0.7 % ​ 11 5.3 % ​ 58 ​ 0.9 % ​ 91.1 % Nebraska ​ 54 ​ 0.8 % ​ 1 0.5 % ​ 55 ​ 0.8 % ​ 91.9 % Pennsylvania ​ 48 ​ 0.8 % ​ 1 0.5 % ​ 49 ​ 0.7 % ​ 92.6 % Connecticut ​ 38 ​ 0.6 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 40 ​ 0.6 % ​ 93.2 % Maine ​ 37 ​ 0.6 % ​ — — % ​ 37 ​ 0.6 % ​ 93.8 % New Hampshire ​ 37 ​ 0.6 % ​ — — % ​ 37 ​ 0.6 % ​ 94.4 % Montana ​ 31 ​ 0.5 % ​ — — % ​ 31 ​ 0.5 % ​ 94.9 % West Virginia ​ 25 ​ 0.4 % ​ — — % ​ 25 ​ 0.4 % ​ 95.3 % Vermont ​ 24 ​ 0.4 % ​ — — % ​ 24 ​ 0.4 % ​ 95.7 % South Dakota ​ 22 ​ 0.3 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 24 ​ 0.4 % ​ 96.1 % Wyoming ​ 23 ​ 0.4 % ​ — — % ​ 23 ​ 0.3 % ​ 96.4 % Hawaii ​ 21 ​ 0.3 % ​ — — % ​ 21 ​ 0.3 % ​ 96.7 % Alaska ​ 17 ​ 0.2 % ​ 2 1.0 % ​ 19 ​ 0.3 % ​ 97.0 % North Dakota ​ 18 ​ 0.3 % ​ — — % ​ 18 ​ 0.3 % ​ 97.3 % Rhode Island ​ 17 ​ 0.2 % ​ 1 0.5 % ​ 18 ​ 0.3 % ​ 97.6 % Maryland ​ 3 ​ — % ​ 8 ​ 3.9 % ​ 11 ​ 0.2 % ​ 97.8 % Total stores by state ​ 6,261 ​ 98.1 % ​ 177 ​ 85.5 % ​ 6,438 ​ 97.8 % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Puerto Rico ​ 4 ​ 0.1 % ​ 5 ​ 2.4 % ​ 9 ​ 0.1 % ​ 97.9 % Mexico ​ 87 ​ 1.4 % ​ 25 ​ 12.1 % ​ 112 ​ 1.7 % ​ 99.6 % Canada ​ 26 ​ 0.4 % ​ — ​ — % ​ 26 ​ 0.4 % ​ 100.0 % Total stores 6,378 100.0 % ​ 207 100.0 % ​ 6,585 100.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ 12 ​ Distribution Systems ​ We believe that our tiered distribution model provides parts availability and store positions, while optimizing our inventory investment by controlling the depth of our store stocked inventory. Our distribution expansion strategy, supported by our ongoing, significant capital investments, complements our new store opening strategy by supporting newly established clusters of stores, and additional penetration into existing markets, in the regions surrounding each DC. ​ Distribution Centers: As of December 31, 2025, we operated 32 DCs comprised of approximately 14.0 million operating square feet (see the “Properties” table in Item 2 of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information about DC operating square footage). Our DCs stock, on average, over 156,000 SKUs and most DCs are linked to and have access to multiple other DCs’ inventory. Our DCs provide delivery, primarily via a fleet, to substantially all of our stores. In addition, stores within an individual DC’s metropolitan area receive multiple daily deliveries from the DC’s “city counter,” many of which receive this service seven days per week. Our DCs provide service to not only the stores they service via their city counters but also to strategic Hub locations, which redistribute products to surrounding stores. Our national Hub store network provides additional service throughout the week, and on weekends, to surrounding stores. ​ As part of our continuing efforts to enhance our distribution network in 2026, we plan to: ● Continue to enhance our distribution network through the engineering, design, expansion, or relocation of new or current DCs. ● Continue to utilize routing software to enhance logistics efficiencies. ● Continue to enhance labor management software to improve DC productivity and overall operating efficiency. ● Continue to refine best practices in all DCs and standardize across the network. ● Make proven, based capital enhancements to material handling equipment in DCs, including conveyor systems, picking modules, lift equipment, and computer hardware. ● Continue to augment our robust distribution network, when and where appropriate, through the use of strategically located Hubs. ● Invest in our people to continue providing a safe working environment and anchor in our people first and always model. ​ Hub Stores: We currently operate a total of 399 strategically located Hub stores. In addition to serving DIY and professional service provider customers in their markets, Hub stores also provide delivery service to our other stores within the surrounding area and access to an expanded selection of SKUs on a basis. Our Hub stores average approximately 18,300 square feet and carry an average of 63,000 SKUs, with Hubs in select markets carrying further enhanced inventory levels up to approximately 115,000 SKUs. ​ Products and Purchasing ​ Our stores offer DIY and professional service provider customers a wide selection of products for domestic and imported automobiles, vans, and trucks. Our merchandise generally consists of nationally recognized, , premium name brand products, such as AC Delco, Armor All, Bosch, Castrol, Denso, Dorman, , Gates Rubber, Lucas Oil, Mobil1, Monroe, NGK, Pennzoil, Prestone, Standard, STP, Turtle Wax, Valvoline, and Wix, and a wide selection of quality proprietary private label products, which span the entire good, better, and best value spectrum, under our BesTest®, BrakeBest®, Cartek®, Import Direct®, MasterPro®, MicroGard®, Murray®, Omnispark®, O’Reilly Auto Parts®, Precision®, ®, ®, Syntec®, and Ultima® brands. Our proprietary private label products are produced by respected automotive manufacturers, meet or exceed original equipment manufacturer specifications, which we have acquired or developed over time. Our “good” proprietary brands provide a great combination of quality and value, a characteristic important to our DIY customers, while our “better” and “best” proprietary brands offer options for our more DIY customers, as well as our professional service provider customers, who often prefer higher quality products that can be relied upon to support and grow their businesses. ​ We have no contracts with material purchase commitments with any of our suppliers, nor have we experienced difficulty in obtaining satisfactory alternative supply sources for automotive parts. We believe that alternative supply sources exist at competitive costs for substantially all of the automotive products that we sell. It is our policy to take advantage of payment and seasonal purchasing discounts offered by our suppliers and to utilize extended dating terms available from suppliers. We have entered into various programs and arrangements with certain suppliers that provided for extended dating and payment terms for inventory purchases. As a whole, we consider our relationships with our suppliers to be very good. ​ 13 ​ We purchase automotive products in substantial quantities from over 655 suppliers, the five largest of which accounted for approximately 23% of our total purchases in 2025. Our largest supplier in 2025 accounted for approximately 8% of our total purchases and the next four largest suppliers each accounted for approximately 3% to 5% of our total purchases. ​ Marketing ​ Retail and Online Marketing: Our integrated marketing strategy and Omnichannel efforts include national media channels, , digital, and social media activation, as well as personalized experiences through e-mail and text messaging and marketing the O’Reilly brand through automotive event sponsorships and appearances throughout the country. Our O’Rewards loyalty program encourages repeat customers, as they accumulate points from their O’Reilly purchases that are redeemable for rewards at various purchase levels. Our marketing efforts also target the market through broadcast media, print, and sports marketing, as well as sponsorships of local and regional events. ​ Professional Marketing: To develop our continued relationships with professional service providers and installers, we employ Territory Sales Managers in all major markets to ensure complete sales territory coverage and personalized service for professional customers. Flyers, quick reference guides, and catalogs are distributed on a regular basis to all professional service providers, including paint and body shops and fleet maintenance customers to encourage brand and program awareness. In addition, our professional customer program also offers a proprietary ordering mobile application, business ecommerce platform called www.OReillyPro.com, dedicated Professional Service Specialists in stores, multiple daily deliveries, and access to training opportunities, shop management, maintenance supplies, and the Certified Auto Repair program, which offers professional service providers with the business tools they need to profitably grow and market their business. ​ INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT ​ For each of the countries in which we operate, the automotive aftermarket industry includes all products and services purchased for light and vehicles after the original sale and is made up of four segments: labor share of professional service provider sales, auto parts share of professional service provider sales, DIY sales, and tire sales. We predominantly operate in the U.S., which supports an automotive aftermarket industry with a total size estimated to be approximately $435 billion, according to the Auto Care Association. We estimate that O’Reilly’s U.S. addressable market within this industry is approximately $165 billion to $175 billion, which includes the auto parts share of professional service provider sales at wholesale and DIY sales at retail. We do not sell tires or perform automotive repairs or installations. ​ Competition ​ The sale of automotive aftermarket items is highly competitive in many areas, including customer service, product availability, store location, brand recognition, and price. We compete in both the DIY and professional service provider portions of the automotive aftermarket and are one of the largest specialty retailers within that market. We compete primarily with: ● National retail and wholesale automotive parts chains (such as AutoZone, Inc., Advance Auto Parts, CARQUEST, and NAPA). ● Regional retail and wholesale automotive parts chains. ● Wholesalers or jobber stores (some of which are associated with national automotive parts distributors or associations such as NAPA, CARQUEST, Bumper to Bumper, and Auto Value). ● Automobile dealers. ● Mass merchandisers and online retailers that carry automotive replacement parts, maintenance items, and accessories (such as Stores, Inc. and Amazon.com, Inc.). ​ We compete on the basis of customer service, which includes merchandise selection and availability, technical proficiency, helpfulness of store personnel, price, store layout, the Omnichannel experience, and convenient and accessible store locations. Our dual market strategy requires significant capital, including the capital expenditures required for our distribution and store networks and working capital needed to maintain inventory levels necessary for providing products to both the DIY and professional service provider portions of the automotive aftermarket. ​ 14 ​ Inflation and Seasonality ​ We have generally been successful in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases, and selective forward buying. To the extent our acquisition costs increased due to price increases industry wide, we have typically been able to pass along these increased costs through higher retail prices for the affected products. As a result, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our operations. ​ To some extent our business is seasonal, primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. While we have historically realized operating profits in each quarter of the year, our store sales, profits, and inventory levels have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (April through September) than in the first and fourth quarters (October through March) of the year. ​ Regulations ​ Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws regarding business conduct and the health and safety of our Team Members and customers. Key areas of compliance include: ● Hazardous Materials – Protocols for the handling, storage, and disposal of regulated substances. ● Recycling Mandates – Specific requirements for automotive battery reclamation and the management of used lubricants. ● Property Management – Regulations governing the environmental impact of owning and operating real property. ​ We manage hazardous materials as a routine part of our business. Through our recycling programs (used oil, oil filters, and batteries), we facilitate the intake of regulated waste at designated store locations. ● Intake Process – Team Members collect and secure these materials in specialized containers or on pallets. ● Logistics – Recycling is performed by specialized suppliers with stringent liability coverage. ● Liability Mitigation – Our agreements with these suppliers include specific indemnification provisions. These are designed to limit our liability under environmental regulations for contamination or damage occurring at recycling facilities or on our properties when caused by the supplier. ​ Compliance with environmental and safety laws has not had a material adverse effect on our operations to date. However, because these regulations are subject to frequent changes, we cannot guarantee that future compliance requirements will not result in significant operational expenses. ​ INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ​ Brad Beckham , age 47, Chief Executive Officer, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 29 years. Mr. Beckham’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales, Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales, Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and . Mr. Beckham has held the position of Chief Executive Officer since 2024. ​ Brent G. Kirby , age 57, President, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for seven years. Mr. Kirby’s primary areas of responsibility are Merchandise, Distribution, Logistics, Inventory Management, Pricing, Store Design, Marketing, Advertising/Marketing, Electronic Catalog, Customer Satisfaction, Omnichannel, and Information Technology. Mr. Kirby began his retail career of over 35 years with Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (“Lowe’s”) as a hardware associate and progressed through various positions at the store, district, and regional levels before being promoted to Senior Vice President of Store Operations and later Chief Omnichannel Officer. In 2018, Mr. Kirby’s O’Reilly career began as Senior Vice President of Omnichannel and progressed through the roles of Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer, and . Mr. Kirby has held the position of President since 2024. ​ Jeremy Fletcher , age 48, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 20 years. Mr. Fletcher’s primary areas of responsibility are Finance, Accounting, Credit and Collections, Financial Planning, Tax, Treasury, Investor Relations, Legal, Risk Management, and Loss Prevention. Mr. Fletcher’s O’Reilly career began as the Financial Reporting and Budgeting Manager and progressed through the roles of Director of Finance, Vice President of Finance and Controller, and Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Fletcher worked as a Certified Public Accountant in public practice and in a financial reporting and planning role for a Fortune 1000 corporation. Mr. Fletcher has held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2022. 15 ​ ​ Scott R. Ross , age 60, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, has been an O’Reilly Team Member since 2023. Mr. Ross’s primary area of responsibility is Information Technology. Mr. Ross has more than 30 years of information technology experience. Mr. Ross’s career includes information technology positions with Mobil Oil and L.L. Bean, Inc. Mr. Ross held positions of Vice President of Enterprise Architecture and Vice President of International and Business Development before being promoted to Senior Vice President of IT Omnichannel Technology at Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Ross held the title of President of Saks Cloud Services at Hudson’s Bay Company and subsidiaries. In 2023, Mr. Ross joined O’Reilly as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer and has held this position since that time. ​ Jason Tarrant , age 45, Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 24 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Tarrant’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s U.S. store operations. Mr. Tarrant’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Field Sales Manager, Regional Manager, Divisional Vice President, and Senior Vice President of Western Store Operations and Sales. Mr. Tarrant has held the position of Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales since 2024. ​ Tamara F. Conn , age 55, Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 17 years. Ms. Conn’s primary areas of responsibility are Legal, Risk Management, ESG, and Internal Audit. Ms. Conn’s O’Reilly career began as Legal Counsel and progressed through the roles of Associate General Counsel, Director of Legal Services and Associate General Counsel, and Deputy General Counsel and Vice President of Legal Services. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Ms. Conn worked in a private civil defense trial practice. Ms. Conn has held the position of Senior Vice President of Legal and General Counsel since 2023. ​ Robert Dumas , age 52, Senior Vice President of Southeast Store Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 34 years, which includes continuous years of service with a company acquired by O’Reilly. Mr. Dumas’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s southeast U.S. store operations. Mr. Dumas’s O’Reilly career began as a Parts Specialist and progressed through the roles of Installer Service Specialist, Night Manager, Associate Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Manager, and Divisional Vice President. Mr. Dumas has held the position of Senior Vice President of Eastern Store Operations and Sales since 2016. ​ Larry Gray , age 54, Senior Vice President of Inventory Management, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 34 years. Mr. Gray’s primary areas of responsibility are Inventory Control, Purchasing, and Store Design. Mr. Gray’s O’Reilly career began as a Distribution Center Team Member and progressed through the roles of Distribution Center Supervisor, Operations Manager, Distribution Center Manager, Director of Distribution Center Operations Support, Regional Distribution Center Director, Vice President of Eastern Distribution Operations, Senior Director of Inventory Management, and Vice President of Inventory Management. Mr. Gray has held the position of Senior Vice President of Inventory Management since 2023. ​ Philip M. Hopper , age 44, Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 14 years. Mr. Hopper’s primary areas of responsibility are Real Estate, Expansions, Acquisitions, and Property Management. Mr. Hopper’s O’Reilly career began as Real Estate Counsel and progressed through the roles of Director of Property Management, Vice President of Real Estate Expansion and Property Management, and Vice President of Real Estate Development. Mr. Hopper has held the position of Senior Vice President of Real Estate and Expansion since 2022. ​ Justin Kale , age 50, Senior Vice President of Central Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 30 years. Mr. Kale’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s central U.S. store operations. Mr. Kale’s O’Reilly career began as a Delivery Driver and progressed through the roles of Parts Specialist, Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Director, and Central Division Vice President. Mr. Kale has held the position of Senior Vice President of Central Operations and Sales since 2024. ​ Jeffery T. Loafman , age 56, Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, has been an O’Reilly Team Member since 2023. Mr. Loafman’s primary areas of responsibility are Distribution Operations and Logistics. Mr. Loafman began his career of over 20 years with Walmart, Inc. (“Walmart”) working in distribution and held various positions including Operations Manager, Distribution Center General Manager, Senior Director of Distribution, and Vice President of International Distribution Operations. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Loafman served as Divisional Vice President for the U.S. Supply Chain for Walmart. In 2023, Mr. Loafman joined O’Reilly as Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations and has held this position since that time. ​ Chris Mancini , age 48, Senior Vice President of Store Operations, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 22 years. Mr. Mancini’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Retail Systems, Professional Sales, and Jobber Sales. Mr. Mancini’s O’Reilly career began as an Installer Service Specialist and progressed through the roles of Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Director, 16 ​ Division Vice President, Western Division Vice President, and Senior Vice President of Central Store Operations and Sales. Mr. Mancini has held the position of Senior Vice President of Store Operations and Sales since 2022. ​ Mark J. Merz , age 54, Senior Vice President of International, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 18 years. Mr. Merz’s primary area of responsibility is International Development. Mr. Merz’s O’Reilly career began as a Senior Accountant and progressed through the roles of External Reporting and Investor Relations Manager, Director of External Reporting and Investor Relations, Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Reporting, and Planning, and Senior Vice President of Finance. Prior to joining O’Reilly, Mr. Merz worked for nine years as a Controller for a privately held company. Mr. Merz has held the position of Senior Vice President of International since 2024. ​ Jose Montellano , age 43, Senior Vice President of Western Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 18 years. Mr. Montellano’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s western U.S. store operations. Mr. Montellano’s O’Reilly career began as a Store Manager and progressed through the roles of District Manager, Regional Director, and Southern California Division Vice President. Mr. Montellano has held the position of Senior Vice President of Western Operations and Sales since 2024. ​ Ramon Odems , age 49, Senior Vice President of Northeast Operations and Sales, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 32 years. Mr. Odems’s primary areas of responsibility are Store Operations and Sales for O’Reilly’s northeast U.S. store operations. Mr. Odems’s O’Reilly career began as a Stocker and progressed through the roles of Parts Specialist, Assistant Store Manager, Store Manager, District Manager, Regional Director, and Great Lakes Division Vice President. Mr. Odems has held the position of Senior Vice President of Northeast Operations and Sales since 2024. ​ Shari Reaves, age 55, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Training, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 32 years. Ms. Reaves’s primary areas of responsibility are Human Resources and Training. Ms. Reaves’s O’Reilly career began as an Employment Coordinator and progressed through the roles of Benefits Coordinator, Benefits Supervisor, Benefits Manager, Director of Benefits, Senior Director of Benefits and Payroll, and Vice President of Human Resources. Ms. Reaves has held the position of Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Training since 2024. ​ David Wilbanks , age 54, Senior Vice President of Merchandise, has been an O’Reilly Team Member for 13 years. Mr. Wilbanks’s primary areas of responsibility are Merchandise and Pricing. Mr. Wilbanks has over 35 years of experience in the automotive aftermarket industry. Mr. Wilbanks’s career began as a counter technician for an independent jobber and progressed to becoming an ASE Certified Master Technician for an automotive dealership, before accepting a position with AutoZone, Inc. (“AutoZone”). Mr. Wilbanks served AutoZone for twelve years as a financial analyst, Category Manager, and Director of Merchandise. In 2012, Mr. Wilbanks joined O’Reilly as Vice President of Merchandise and has held the position of Senior Vice President of Merchandise since 2016. ​ SERVICE MARKS AND TRADEMARKS ​ We have registered, acquired, and/or been assigned the following service marks and trademarks in the United States: BENNETT AUTO SUPPLY®; BESTEST®; BETTER PARTS. BETTER PRICES.®; BETTER PARTS, BETTER PRICES....EVERYDAY!®; BETTER PARTS. BETTER PRICES. BETTER SERVICE.®; BOND AUTO PARTS®; BRAKEBEST®; BRAKEBEST HD®; BRAKEBEST SELECT®; BRAKEBEST SELECT PRO®; CARTEK®; CARTEK PRO®; CERTIFIED AUTO REPAIR®; CHECKER AUTO PARTS®; CUSTOMIZE YOUR RIDE®; DEPENDABILITY YOU CAN COUNT ON®; DO IT RIGHT DEALS®; EARN POINTS EVERY WAY YOU SHOP®; FIRST CALL®; FLEET & HEAVY DUTY PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; FORMULATED FOR TODAY’S ENGINES®; FRIENDLIEST PARTS STORE IN TOWN®; FROM OUR STORE TO YOUR DOOR®; IMPORT DIRECT®; IMPORT DIRECT OE REPLACEMENT PARTS®; KRAGEN AUTO PARTS®; MASTER PRO®; MASTER PRO REFINISHING®; MASTERPRO SELECT®; MASTERPRO UNDERCAR®; MICROGARD®; MICROGARD HEPA®; MICROGARD SELECT®; MORE PARTS. YOUR WAY.®; MURRAY®; MURRAY CLIMATE CONTROL®; MURRAY TEMPERATURE CONTROL®; MURRAY’S MASCOT® (Design only); MURRAY PLUS®; MURRAY ULTRA®; MURRAY’S AUTO PARTS®; O LOW PRICE GUARANTEE! ®; O® (Shamrock inside of “O”); OMNISPARK®; O’REILLY®; O’REILLY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE®; O’REILLY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE® (Mascot design); O’REILLY AUTO PARTS®; O’REILLY AUTO PARTS PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE®; O’REILLY O’REWARDS®; O’REILLY PARTS PAYOFF® (design only); O’REILLY SELECT®; O’REILLY VERISCAN®; O’REWARDS®; ORIGINAL BRAND PROXONE EST. 2007®; PARTS CITY®; PARTS CITY AUTO COLOR PROFESSIONAL PAINT PEOPLE®; PARTS CITY AUTO PARTS®; PARTS FOR YOUR CAR WHEREVER YOU ARE®; PARTS PAYOFF®; POWER PERFORMANCE RELIABILITY®; POWER TORQUE®; PRECISION®; PRECISION HUB ASSEMBLIES®; PRO X ONE®; PROFESSIONAL PARTS PEOPLE®; PROFESIONALES EN AUTOPARTES®; PROTECTION YOU CAN TRUST®; QUIETECH®; REAL WORLD TRAINING®; ¡SIGUE ADELANTE CON O’REILLY!®; SCHUCK’S AUTO SUPPLY®; 17 ​ SUPER START®; SYNTEC®; TOOLBOX®; ULTIMA®; ULTIMA SELECT®; ULTIMA SELECT MOTOR PRODUCTS®; VERISCAN®; WORK AT THE O®; and X® (design mark associated with PRECISION). Some of the service marks and trademarks listed above may also have a design associated therewith. Each of the service marks and trademarks are in duration for as long as we continue to use and seek renewal of such marks. The above list includes only the trademarks and service marks that are currently and validly registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. It does not include trademarks or service marks which may also be in use, but are not yet registered or trademarks or service marks used and/or registered in other countries. Except for the trademarks and service marks listed or referred to in this Item 1, we believe that our business is not dependent upon any patent, trademark, service mark, or copyright. ​ Solely for convenience, our service marks and trademarks may appear in this report without the ® or ™ symbol, which is not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right to these service marks and trademarks. ​ AVAILABLE INFORMATION ​ Our Internet address is www.OReillyAuto.com. Interested readers can access, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, through the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov and searching with our ticker symbol “ORLY.” Such reports are generally available the day they are filed. Upon request, we will furnish interested readers a paper copy of such reports free of charge by contacting our Investor Relations team, at 233 South Patterson Avenue, Springfield, Missouri, 65802. ​ Investors and others should note that we use our website to communicate with our investors and the public about the Company, its products, and other matters, and from time to time we may announce material information through our website. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the Company to monitor and review the information we make available on our website. ​ Item 1A. Risk Factors ​ Our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. Interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our statements. ​ RISKS SPECIFIC TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY ​ Deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit, and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Although demand for many of our products is primarily in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. The economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, tariffs, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels, a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Many of these factors are outside of our control. Our customers’ purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions or political uncertainty. If any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ Overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors in the countries in which we operate, including the total number of vehicle miles driven, the total number of registered vehicles, the age and quality of these registered vehicles, and the level of unemployment. Changes in vehicle technology used by the original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) on future vehicles, including but not limited to electric, hybrid, and internal combustion engines, may result in less frequent repairs, parts lasting longer, or elimination of certain repairs. In addition, restrictions on access to telematics, diagnostic tools, and repair information imposed by the OEMs or by governmental regulations may force vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. Adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. ​ 18 ​ In addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations, and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics, and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. Furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may worsen. If third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions, the cause of which could include, among others, geopolitical uncertainty or a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Both the DIY and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. Some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. In addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. Online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortment and availability between us and a range of competitors, which could result in pricing pressure. Some online competitors may have a lower cost structure than we do, as a result of our strategy of providing an exceptional experience and superior parts availability supported by our extensive store network and robust, regional distribution footprint, which could also create pricing pressure. We may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive and our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. For a list of our principal competitors, see the “Competition” section of Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. ​ Our business is sensitive to global, national, and regional economic and weather conditions and natural disasters that could impact our costs and sales. Our business is sensitive to impacts from global, national, and regional economic and weather conditions and natural disasters. Unusually inclement weather and natural disasters, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, wildfire, seismic activity, and hurricanes, have historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to DIY customers. Extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. In addition, our stores and DCs, particularly those located in coastal regions, may be subject to increased unrecoverable losses resulting from regional weather conditions or disasters and our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. ​ A change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers, the limited supply or unavailability of key products, supply chain disruptions, or changes in trade policies could affect our financial health. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers’ ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. For example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. In addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. We could also be negatively impacted when our suppliers or our supply chain experiences work stoppages and labor strikes; a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic; import, shipping, and transportation disruptions or increased costs, such as from inflation, tariffs, or currency fluctuations; or other interruptions to, or difficulties in, the manufacture or supply of the products we purchase. If we are unable to effectively respond to such disruptions to our supply chain, or manage them more effectively than our competitors, our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted. In addition, changes in country specific trade policies, sanctions, practices, tariffs or taxes, import limitations, and other factors relating to foreign trade and port agreements could affect our ability to source products and our suppliers’ ability to source materials or provide products at current volumes and/or prices. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. ​ Business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, stability of systems we rely on, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business. Business interruptions, including from a prolonged public health crisis or pandemic, events, terrorist activities, war, political or civil unrest, disruption of critical infrastructure systems, or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in a disruption of operations or the closure of one or more of our DCs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. This may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty, among other things. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other 19 ​ sources at similar prices. Such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. ​ In addition, we rely extensively on various systems, some of which are provided by service providers, to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our stores and customers. These systems are subject to failure, damage, or interruption, including power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, , security breaches, or other catastrophic events. If these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories, deliver product, or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of these systems, and the response to remedy, could result in a negative impact on our business operations and increased costs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. ​ Failure to protect our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name, business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We believe our Company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand. Our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities; negative publicity involving the Company, our merchandise or our industry in general that erode customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and business. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting or environmental standards, or existing or future laws or regulations, as well as failure or perceived failure to achieve or make progress with environmental, social, and governance goals, could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions from consumer or environmental groups, employees, or regulatory bodies, which could require us to incur substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, negative claims or publicity, including the availability of information and opinions on social media, as its impact is immediate, could adversely affect our reputation. The opportunity for the rapid dissemination of information, including inaccurate and inflammatory information and opinions, is virtually limitless and easily accessible. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. ​ Risks associated with international operations could result in additional costs and inefficiencies. In addition to many of the risks we face in our U.S. operations, international operations present a unique set of risks and challenges, including local laws and customs, various and potentially complex international tax regulations and compliance requirements, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and conditions. Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by these risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and the distraction of management’s attention. Compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and protection of intellectual property rights surrounding items such as tradenames and trademarks in foreign jurisdictions can pose significant challenges. ​ In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Given that our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. ​ RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK ​ Risks related to us and unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could affect our stock price. We believe that comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful indicators of our future operating results and should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. If our quarterly operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected. We cannot be certain that our growth plans and business strategies will be successful or that they will successfully meet the expectations of these analysts. If we fail to adequately address any of these risks or difficulties, our stock price would likely suffer. ​ The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities cl

[truncated]