Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, all references to "FIS," "we," "our," "us," the "Company" or the "registrant" are to Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., a Georgia corporation, and its subsidiaries. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) and the Notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The statements contained in this Form 10-Q or in our other documents or in oral presentations or other management statements that are not purely historical are statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Statements that are not historical facts, as well as other statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are statements. statements include statements about anticipated financial outcomes, including any earnings outlook or projections, projected revenue or expense synergies or , business and market conditions, outlook, foreign currency exchange rates, deleveraging plans, expected dividends and share repurchases of the Company, the Company's sales pipeline and anticipated profitability and growth, plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, strategic value creation, risk profile and investment strategies, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance and any statements with respect to the future impacts of the Worldpay Sale or any agreements or arrangements entered into in connection with such transaction, the expected financial and operational results of the Company, and expectations regarding the Company's business or organization after the separation of the Worldpay Merchant Solutions business. These statements may be identified by words such as "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "will," "should," "could," "would," "project," "continue," "likely," and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results, statements of outlook and various accruals and estimates. These statements relate to future events and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from these statements. The risks and uncertainties to which statements are subject include the following, without limitation: • changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including those resulting from or other pandemics, a recession, intensified or expanded international hostilities, acts of terrorism, increased rates of inflation or interest, changes in either or both the United States and international lending, capital and financial markets or currency fluctuations; • the risk that acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the integration will be more costly or more and complex than anticipated; • the risk that cost savings and synergies anticipated to be realized from acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected or that costs may be greater than anticipated; • the risks of doing business internationally; • the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or applicable regulations and/or changes in industry requirements, including privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations; • the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries; • changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions; • the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors, including legal and contractual restrictions; • the amount and timing of any future share repurchases is subject to, among other things, our share price, our other investment opportunities and cash requirements, our results of operations and financial condition, our future prospects and other factors that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors and management; • failures to adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace; • internal or external security or privacy breaches of our systems, including those relating to unauthorized access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events; • the risk that implementation of software, including software updates, for customers or at customer locations or employee error in monitoring our software and platforms may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business operations, outages, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers; • the risk that partners and third parties may fail to satisfy their legal obligations to us; • risks associated with managing pension cost, cybersecurity issues, IT outages and data privacy; 34 Table of Contents • the reaction of current and potential customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information security, risk management, internal audit or other matters; • risks associated with the expected benefits and costs of the separation of the Worldpay Merchant Solutions business, including the risk that the expected benefits of the transaction or any contingent purchase price will not be realized within the expected timeframe, in full or at all, or that may be greater than anticipated; • the risk that the costs of restructuring transactions and other costs incurred in connection with the separation of the Worldpay business will exceed our estimates or otherwise adversely affect our business or operations; • the impact of the separation of Worldpay on our businesses, including the impact on relationships with customers, governmental authorities, suppliers, employees and other business counterparties; • the risk that the earnings from our minority stake in the Worldpay business will be less than we anticipate; • competitive pressures on pricing related to the decreasing number of community banks in the U.S., the development of new disruptive technologies competing with one or more of our solutions, increasing presence of international competitors in the U.S. market and the entry into the market by global banks and global companies with respect to certain competitive solutions, each of which may have the impact of unbundling individual solutions from a comprehensive suite of solutions we provide to many of our customers; • the failure to innovate in order to keep up with new emerging technologies, which could impact our solutions and our ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers; • an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers; • failure to comply with applicable requirements of payment networks or changes in those requirements; • fraud by bad actors; and • other risks detailed elsewhere in the "Risk Factors" and other sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these statements. These statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Revision of Consolidated Financial Statements During the third quarter of 2024, we identified immaterial misstatements affecting the Company’s previously issued consolidated financial statements as of and for the annual periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the quarterly periods ended March 31 and June 30, 2024. The misstatements related primarily to the timing of the recognition of expenses associated with accruals, along with their related balance sheet impacts, and the presentation of certain tax balances in the consolidated financial statements. We have revised our financial statements to correct these misstatements as well as other unrelated immaterial misstatements, including adjustments to Revenue and Other income (expense), net. The revisions ensure comparability across all periods reflected herein. A summary of the revisions to the previously reported financial statements is provided in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. Overview About FIS FIS is a financial technology company providing solutions to financial institutions, businesses and developers. We unlock financial technology to the world across the money lifecycle underpinning the world's financial systems. Our people are dedicated to advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests, by helping our clients to confidently run, grow and protect their businesses. Our expertise comes from decades of experience helping financial institutions and businesses of all sizes adapt to meet the needs of their customers by harnessing where reliability meets innovation in financial technology. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, FIS is a member of the Fortune 500® and the Standard & Poor’s 500® Index. FIS is incorporated under the laws of the State of Georgia as Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., and our stock is traded under the trading symbol "FIS" on the New York Stock Exchange. Growth and Strategic Objectives Our growth has been driven by a number of factors, including growth of our customers' businesses, our internal development of new solutions that enhance our client offerings, and our sales and marketing efforts to expand our customer 35 Table of Contents base and addressable markets. Acquisitions have also contributed additional solutions that complement or enhance our offerings, diversify our client base, expand our geographic coverage, and provide entry into new and attractive adjacent markets that align with our strategic objectives. We continue to strategically allocate resources to both internal and external growth initiatives to enhance the value of our business. Worldpay Sale Summary On January 31, 2024, the Company completed the previously announced sale (the "Worldpay Sale") of a 55% equity interest in its Worldpay Merchant Solutions business to private equity funds managed by GTCR, LLC (such funds, the "Buyer"). Following the closing of the Worldpay Sale, we retain a 45% ownership interest in a new standalone joint venture, Worldpay Holdco, LLC ("Worldpay"), which will continue to provide merchant acquiring and related services to businesses of all sizes and across any industry globally, enabling them to accept, authorize and settle electronic payment transactions. In connection with the Worldpay Sale, FIS and Worldpay have entered into commercial agreements, preserving a key value proposition for clients of both businesses and reducing potential . FIS and Worldpay also entered into additional agreements as described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. Business Trends and Conditions Revenue Sources and Markets Our revenue from continuing operations is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing solutions, transaction processing fees, professional services and software license fees. While we are a global company and do business around the world, the majority of our revenue is generated by clients in the U.S. The majority of our international revenue is generated by clients in the U.K., Germany, Canada, Australia, Brazil and Switzerland. In addition, the majority of our revenue has historically been recurring and has been provided under Banking and Capital Markets contracts that contribute relative stability to our revenue stream. These solutions, in general, are considered critical to our clients' operations. Professional services revenue is typically , though recognition often occurs over time rather than at a point in time. Sales of software licenses are typically with recognition and are less predictable. Economic Trends Lengthy sales cycles continue to persist during 2024, which we believe results from economic uncertainty. We also experienced, and continue to experience, relatively high rates of inflation in our primary markets, including increasing wage and benefits rates, which management believes is in part due to inflation and in part due to competitive job markets for the skilled employees who support our businesses, as well as increasing costs. The magnitude of future effects of economic uncertainty, including lengthy sales cycles, and inflation is difficult to predict, although these factors have had an adverse effect on our results of operations and, to the extent they persist, may continue to have a negative effect. However, as a provider of outsourced solutions, we benefit from recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. Relatively high interest rates have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our interest expense. However, during the first nine months of 2024, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the Worldpay Sale to repay our borrowings under our commercial paper programs and reduce our debt, which has decreased and will continue to decrease our interest expense from previous levels. Impacts of foreign currency fluctuations remained slightly favorable during the first nine months of 2024. Given the volatility of exchange rates and the mix of currencies involved in both revenues and expenses, the direction and magnitude of future effects of currency fluctuations are uncertain. The combined effect of the factors noted above has slowed our revenue growth rate. Over the longer term, we are targeting improvements in our revenue growth rate and margins to the extent of improving economic conditions and in response to planned management actions, including our cost savings initiatives. Worldpay Sale On January 31, 2024, the Company completed the Worldpay Sale for cash consideration in a transaction valuing the Worldpay Merchant Solutions business at an enterprise value of $18.5 billion, including $1.0 billion of consideration contingent on the returns realized by Buyer exceeding certain thresholds. The net cash proceeds received by FIS at the closing were greater than $12 billion, net of estimated closing adjustments, debt restructuring fees, taxes and transaction costs. We used a portion of the proceeds from the sale to retire debt and repurchase shares, and we plan to continue to use the remaining proceeds to return additional capital to shareholders through our existing share repurchase authorization, as well as for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, while maintaining an investment grade credit rating. In connection with the sale, FIS and Worldpay have entered into commercial agreements, preserving a key value proposition for clients of both businesses and minimizing potential 36 Table of Contents . FIS and Worldpay also entered into additional agreements as described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. Upon closing of the Worldpay Sale, we retained a 45% ownership interest in Worldpay. FIS' share of the net income of Worldpay is now reported as Equity method investment earnings (loss), net of tax. As a result of the Worldpay Sale, we recorded an estimated loss on sale of $491 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Upon closing of the Worldpay Sale, t he Company also recorded a tax benefit of $991 million, primarily from the release of U.S. deferred tax liabilities that were not transferred in the Worldpay Sale, net of the estimated U.S. tax cost that the Company expects to incur as a result of the Worldpay Sale. Final p selling price adjustments, including any related to the expected transfer of our Worldpay Brazil and RealNet subsidiaries, and completion of other purchase agreement provisions in connection with the Worldpay Sale could result in further adjustments to the loss on sale amount and the estimated U.S. tax cost. Investments in Innovation We continue to assist financial institutions and other businesses in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation and integrated solutions to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. We invest both internally and through investment opportunities in companies building complementary technologies in the financial services space. Our internal development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of digital and innovative solutions and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We expect to continue to invest an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients, and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure. Digital One Platform Consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet and voice banking channels. We have been providing our large regional banking customers in the U.S. with Digital One, an integrated digital banking platform, and are now adding functionality and offering Digital One to our community bank clients to provide a consistent, omnichannel experience for consumers of banking services across channels like mobile banking and online banking, as well as supporting channels for bank staff operating in bank branches and contact centers. The uniform customer experience extends to support a broad range of financial services including opening new accounts, servicing of existing accounts, money movement, and personal financial management, as well as other consumer, small business and commercial banking capabilities. Digital One is integrated into several of the core banking platforms offered by FIS and is also offered to customers of core banking systems. Banking Industry Consolidation Consolidation within the banking industry has occurred and may continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity among financial institutions, which we believe would broadly be detrimental to the profitability of the financial technology industry. However, consolidation resulting from specific merger and acquisition transactions may be beneficial to our business. When consolidations of financial institutions occur, merger partners often operate systems obtained from competing service providers. The newly formed entity generally makes a determination to migrate its core and payments systems to a single platform. When a financial institution processing client is involved in a consolidation, we may benefit by their expanding the use of our solutions if such solutions are chosen to survive the consolidation and to support the newly combined entity. Conversely, we may lose revenue if we are providing solutions to both entities, or if a client of ours is involved in a consolidation and our solutions are not chosen to support the newly combined entity. It is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidation may have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform some or all of the solutions that we currently provide or could provide. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive solutions to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. U.S. bank failures could negatively impact our results to the extent more of our customers become illiquid; however, our current exposure to past bank closures is limited, and we may be a beneficiary of these closures. As a leading provider of financial technology services to the top 100 U.S. banks by asset size as well as other global financial institutions, 37 Table of Contents FIS boasts a highly diversified customer base, with no single customer accounting for more than approximately 2% of 2023 revenue from continuing operations. With respect to U.S. financial institution customers that closed during 2023, FIS expects to continue to provide services for the majority of these banks, and our revenue exposure from potential contract terminations related to these banks is not material. Further, FIS' core banking customer contracts are generally structured with fees that increase based on the number of active accounts or transactions rather than the amount of deposits. Thus, to the extent account volume increases, we are positioned to benefit from this growth as a leading core banking services provider to large financial institutions. Demand in Payments Market We continue to see demand in the payments market for innovative solutions that will deliver faster, more convenient payment options in mobile channels, internet applications, cards, and digital currencies. The payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new solutions, evolving new business models, and is being affected by new market entrants and by an evolving regulatory environment. As financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking solutions to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept payments in eCommerce and mobile environments, as well as contactless cards and mobile wallets at the point of sale, FIS believes that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. To facilitate this expansion, we believe that payment processors will need to enhance their technology platforms so they can deliver these capabilities and differentiate their offerings from other providers. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, FIS believes that payment processors, like FIS, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies in the long term. Further, FIS believes that its depth of capabilities and breadth of distribution will enhance its position as emerging payment technologies are adopted by merchants and other businesses. FIS' ability to partner with institution enterprises, such as mobile payment providers and internet, retail and social media companies, continues to create attractive growth opportunities as these new entrants seek to become more active participants in the development of alternative electronic payment technologies and to facilitate the convergence of retail, online, mobile and social commerce applications. Cybersecurity Threats and Solutions Cyberattacks on information technology systems and the vendors and technological supply chain on which they rely continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. This is a trend we expect to continue. The continued growth in the frequency, complexity and sophistication of cyberattacks presents both a threat and an opportunity for FIS. Using expertise we have gained from our ongoing focus and investment, we have developed and we offer fraud, security, risk management and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry. We also use certain of these solutions to manage our own risks. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 38 Table of Contents Consolidated Results of Operations - Comparisons of and periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Revenue $ 2,570 $ 2,492 $ 78 3 % $ 7,528 $ 7,318 $ 210 3 % Cost of revenue (1,593) (1,531) (62) 4 (4,700) (4,632) (68) 1 Gross profit 977 961 16 2 2,828 2,686 142 5 Gross profit margin 38 % 39 % 38 % 37 % Selling, general and administrative expenses (521) (484) (37) 8 (1,703) (1,557) (146) 9 Asset impairments (2) (7) 5 NM (20) (8) (12) NM Other operating (income) expense, net - related party (36) — (36) NM (110) — (110) NM Operating income $ 490 $ 470 20 4 $ 1,215 $ 1,121 94 8 Operating margin 19 % 19 % 16 % 15 % NM = Not meaningful Revenue Revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased primarily due to strong recurring revenue growth in the Banking and Capital Markets segments. Revenue was not materially impacted by foreign currency movements versus the prior year period. See "Segment Results of Operations" below for a more detailed explanation. Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin Cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased due to variable transaction processing and hosting expenses, partially offset by lower intangible asset amortization resulting primarily from using accelerated amortization methods which apply a declining rate over time. Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024, declined due to associated with the Worldpay Sale. Gross profit margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased due to license revenue and lower intangible asset amortization, partially offset by associated with the Worldpay Sale. Selling , General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased primarily due to higher acquisition, integration and other costs and increased corporate costs, which were slightly higher year over year due to associated with the Worldpay Sale, offset for the most part by other cost saving initiatives. Asset Impairments The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, included impairments primarily related to the termination of certain internally developed software projects. Other operating (income) expense, net - related party As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, under the terms of the TSA, the Company is providing technology infrastructure, risk and security, accounting and various other corporate services to Worldpay. The amount is recorded in Other operating (income) expense, net - related party, and the corresponding expense was recognized in Cost of revenue and Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of earnings (loss). Operating Income and Operating Margin The change in operating income and operating margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulted from the revenue and cost variances noted above. 39 Table of Contents Total Other Income (Expense), Net Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Other income (expense): (In millions) (In millions) Interest expense, net $ (64) $ (162) $ 98 NM $ (184) $ (464) $ 280 NM Other income (expense), net (38) 11 (49) NM (222) (74) (148) NM Total other income (expense), net $ (102) $ (151) 49 NM $ (406) $ (538) 132 NM NM = Not meaningful The decrease in interest expense, net during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to a reduction in our outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs and senior notes using a portion of the net proceeds from the Worldpay Sale and increased interest income generated on the proceeds of the Worldpay Sale. Other income (expense), net for the periods presented consists of various income and expense items outside of the Company's operating activities, including foreign currency transaction remeasurement gains and losses; realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity security investments, including impairment losses on these investments; and fair value adjustments on certain assets and liabilities, including certain derivatives, as further described in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. The period ended September 30, 2024, included primarily losses of $35 million on the Company’s offsetting interest rate swaps, as discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. The period ended September 30, 2023, included primarily foreign currency transaction remeasurement gains offset by $(10) million of losses on equity security investments without readily determinable fair values as discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The period ended September 30, 2024, included loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $(174) million, as discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. The period ended September 30, 2023, included $(44) million of net gains (losses) on equity security investments without readily determinable fair values, as discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, in addition to foreign currency transaction remeasurement losses. Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Provision (benefit) for income taxes $ 108 $ 70 $ 38 NM $ 215 $ 140 $ 75 NM Effective tax rate 28 % 22 % 27 % 24 % NM = Not meaningful The increase in the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was predominately driven by increases to income tax on foreign operations. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reflects its tax impact relating to equity method investments as a component of Equity method investment earnings (loss), net of tax in the consolidated statement of earnings (loss). Therefore, equity method investment earnings (loss) and the related tax are excluded from the calculation of FIS' estimated annual effective tax rate. Equity Method Investment Earnings (Loss) Eight months Nine months Three months ended September 30, ended ended $ % September 30, September 30, $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Equity method investment earnings (loss), net of tax $ (33) $ — $ (33) NM $ (110) $ — NM NM NM = Not meaningful 40 Table of Contents As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the Worldpay Sale on January 31, 2024, retaining a ownership interest in Worldpay. We account for our remaining minority ownership in Worldpay using the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2024, we own 45% of Worldpay. During the period from February 1, through September 30, 2024, our share of the net income of Worldpay is reported as Equity method investment earnings (loss), net of tax, in the consolidated statement of earnings (loss) and reflects FIS' tax impact on its investment in Worldpay. See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for summary Worldpay financial information. Discontinued Operations Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Revenue $ 3 $ 1,201 NM NM $ 409 $ 3,636 NM NM Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to major classes of pretax earnings (loss) $ — $ 458 NM NM $ 184 $ (6,123) NM NM Pretax gain (loss) on the disposal of discontinued operations $ (25) $ — NM NM $ (491) $ — NM NM Provision (benefit) for income taxes $ (3) $ (382) NM NM $ (994) $ (327) NM NM Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax $ (22) $ (709) NM NM $ 687 $ (7,345) NM NM NM = Not meaningful As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed the Worldpay Sale on January 31, 2024. The results of the Worldpay Merchant Solutions business prior to the completion of the Worldpay Sale have been presented as discontinued operations. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, certain businesses included in the Worldpay Sale have yet to be conveyed to Worldpay due to pending regulatory approvals; these businesses continue to generate an immaterial amount of revenue and earnings from discontinued operations. For the three- and periods ended September 30, 2024, changes in each of the captions above are a result of the Worldpay Sale. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to major classes of pretax earnings (loss), as well as Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, included a $6.8 billion impairment of goodwill. Additionally, beginning on July 5, 2023, the Company ceased amortization of assets held for sale. An initial loss on sale of disposal group of $466 million was recorded upon closing of the Worldpay Sale to reflect the impact of the excess of the carrying value of the disposal group over the estimated fair value less cost to sell. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, an additional $25 million estimated loss on sale was recorded to reflect the impact of estimated adjustments, reflecting a cumulative estimated loss on sale of $491 million. For the period ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recorded a tax benefit of $991 million , primarily from the of U.S. deferred tax liabilities that were not transferred in the Worldpay Sale, net of the estimated U.S. tax cost that the Company expects to incur as a result of the Worldpay Sale. selling price adjustments and completion of other purchase agreement provisions in connection with the Worldpay Sale could result in further adjustments to the loss on sale amount and the estimated U.S. tax cost. Segment Results of Operations - Comparisons of three- and periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 FIS reports its financial performance based on the following segments: Banking Solutions, Capital Market Solutions, and Corporate and Other. 41 Table of Contents Adjusted EBITDA is reported to our chief operating decision maker, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and President, for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. For this reason, Adjusted EBITDA, as it relates to our segments, is presented in conformity with FASB ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting . Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net earnings (loss) before net interest expense, net other income (expense), income tax provision (benefit), equity method investment earnings (loss), and depreciation and amortization, and excludes certain costs that do not constitute normal, recurring, cash operating expenses necessary to operate our business. The items affecting the segment profit measure generally include purchase price amortization of acquired intangible assets, as well as acquisition, integration and certain other costs and asset impairments. These costs and adjustments are recorded in the Corporate and Other segment for the periods discussed below. Adjusted EBITDA for the respective segments excludes the foregoing costs and adjustments. Financial information, including details of Adjusted EBITDA, for each of our segments is set forth in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. Banking Solutions Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Revenue $ 1,779 $ 1,732 $ 47 3 % $ 5,174 $ 5,049 $ 125 2 % Adjusted EBITDA $ 804 $ 781 23 3 $ 2,301 $ 2,166 $ 135 6 Adjusted EBITDA margin 45.2 % 45.1 % 44.5 % 42.9 % Adjusted EBITDA margin basis points change 10 160 Three months ended September 30: Revenue in our Banking segment increased 3% for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Recurring revenue contributed 5% to total segment growth, driven by higher transaction processing revenue. Recurring revenue in the third quarter benefited from the timing and seasonal impact of volumes within our payments business. revenue contributed (3%) to growth, driven by a decline in revenue from servicing federally funded pandemic relief programs. Professional services revenue contributed 1% to segment growth. Adjusted EBITDA increased year over year due to the revenue impacts noted above. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded year over year, driven by the Company's cost savings initiatives and operating leverage generated by the business. Nine months ended September 30: Revenue in our Banking segment increased 2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Recurring revenue contributed 3% to total segment growth, driven by higher transaction processing revenue. revenue contributed (1%) to growth, driven by a decline in revenue from servicing federally funded pandemic relief programs. Adjusted EBITDA increased year over year due to the revenue impacts noted above and the results of the Company's cost savings initiatives. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded significantly year over year, driven by the Company's cost savings initiatives and favorable revenue mix compared to the prior year, including an increase in license revenue. Capital Market Solutions Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Revenue $ 730 $ 677 $ 53 8 % $ 2,158 $ 2,011 $ 147 7 % Adjusted EBITDA $ 364 $ 332 32 10 $ 1,066 $ 988 78 8 Adjusted EBITDA margin 49.9 % 49.0 % 49.4 % 49.1 % Adjusted EBITDA margin basis points change 90 30 Three months ended September 30: 42 Table of Contents Revenue in our Capital Markets segment increased 8% for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Recurring revenue contributed 4% to total segment growth, license revenue contributed 2% to growth and professional services revenue contributed 1% to growth, all due to strong new sales momentum and product implementations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates contributed 1% to Capital Markets segment growth. Adjusted EBITDA increased year over year due to the revenue impacts noted above. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded year over year, primarily due to operating leverage and an increase in license revenue. Nine months ended September 30: Revenue in our Capital Markets segment increased 7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Recurring revenue contributed 6% to total segment growth due to strong new sales momentum and revenue contributed 1% to total segment growth due primarily to strong license sales. Adjusted EBITDA increased year over year due to the revenue impacts noted above. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased year over year due primarily to the segment's operating leverage and continued cost management. Corporate and Other Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, $ % $ % 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In millions) (In millions) Revenue $ 61 $ 83 $ (22) (27) % $ 196 $ 258 $ (62) (24) % Adjusted EBITDA $ (108) $ (48) (60) 125 $ (346) $ (254) (92) 36 The Corporate and Other segment results consist of selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and intangible asset amortization not otherwise allocated to the reportable segments. Corporate and Other also includes operations from certain businesses. Three months ended September 30: Revenue in our Corporate and Other segment decreased 27% for the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to the ramp down of businesses. Adjusted EBITDA decreased primarily due to the revenue impacts noted above, as well as higher corporate costs due to associated with the Worldpay Sale. Nine months ended September 30: Revenue in our Corporate and Other segment decreased 24% for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to the ramp down of businesses. Adjusted EBITDA decreased primarily due to the revenue impacts noted above, as well as higher corporate costs due to associated with the Worldpay Sale. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Requirements Our principal ongoing cash requirements include operating expenses, income taxes, debt service payments, capital expenditures, stockholder dividends, working capital and timing differences in assets and liabilities and may include discretionary debt repayments, share repurchases and business acquisitions. Our principal sources of funds are cash generated by operations and borrowings, including the capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility, the U.S. commercial paper program and the paper program discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, in addition to the net proceeds from the Worldpay Sale, which closed on January 31, 2024. 43 Table of Contents As of September 30, 2024, the Company had $5.7 billion of available liquidity, including $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $4.4 billion of capacity available under its Revolving Credit Facility. Approximately $750 million of cash and cash equivalents is held by our foreign entities. A portion of our domestic cash and cash equivalents relates to net , which are typically settled within a few business days. Debt outstanding totaled $10.9 billion, with an effective weighted average interest rate of 2.7%. The Company repaid an aggregate principal amount of €500 million in 1.100% Senior Euro Notes at maturity on July 15, 2024. Although we continue to evaluate the optimal capital structure for our business following the completion of the Worldpay Sale, we intend to maintain investment grade debt ratings for FIS. We believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents plus cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures and debt service payments for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. A regular quarterly dividend of $0.36 per common share is payable on December 23, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 9, 2024. We currently expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends at a target payout ratio consistent with our capital allocation strategy, without regard to our equity method investment earnings (loss) attributable to our interest retained in Worldpay . However, the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities (including potential mergers and acquisitions), results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors, including legal and contractual restrictions, that may be considered relevant by our Board of Directors. Additionally, the payment of cash dividends may be limited by covenants in certain debt agreements. In January 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which it authorized the Company to repurchase up to 100 million shares of our common stock. In August 2024, our Board of Directors approved a separate, incremental share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion in aggregate value of shares of our common stock. Repurchases under these programs will be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Neither of these repurchase programs has an expiration date, and either program may be suspended for periods, amended or discontinued at any time. Approximately 13 million shares remained available for repurchase under the January 2021 program as of September 30, 2024, and the Company will exhaust its authorization under this program prior to repurchasing shares under the new program. We plan to continue to prioritize share repurchases under these share repurchase authorizations. We intend to repurchase approximately $4.0 billion of our shares during 2024, inclusive of $3.0 billion in shares repurchased during the first nine months of 2024. Cash Flows from Operations Our net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of net earnings, adjusted to add back depreciation and amortization and other items, including asset impairments, loss on extinguishment of debt, and loss from equity method investment. Cash flows from operations were $1,393 million and $1,301 million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash flows from operations increased $92 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in earnings adjusted for items, partially offset by timing of working capital. Cash Flows from Investing Our principal investing activity relates to capital expenditures for software (purchased and internally developed) and property and equipment. We invested approximately $629 million and $584 million in capital expenditures (excluding other financing obligations for certain hardware and software) during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We expect to continue investing in software and in property and equipment to support our business. We also invest in acquisitions that complement and extend our existing solutions and capabilities and provide additional solutions to our portfolio, and we dispose of assets that are no longer considered strategic. In the first nine months of 2024, we used approximately $56 million of cash (net of cash acquired) related to new acquisitions. In 2024, in connection with the Worldpay Sale, we received approximately $12.8 billion in cash proceeds and divested $3.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash included in current assets held for sale at the date of sale. We expect to continue to invest in acquisitions as part of our strategy to add solutions to help win new clients and to existing clients. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received distributions of $40 million from Worldpay recorded as investing cash flows. We expect to continue to receive regular cash distributions from Worldpay pursuant to the terms of the LLCA. 44 Table of Contents Cash flows from investing also occasionally include cash received or paid relative to other activities that are not regularly recurring in nature. 45 Table of Contents Cash Flows from Financing Cash flows from financing principally involve borrowing funds, repaying debt, repurchasing shares and paying dividends. In 2023, we paid $173 million related to the 2020 Virtus acquisition to redeem a put option exercised by the founders as described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. Financing For more information regarding the Company's debt and financing activity, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Indebtedness" in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2024, and "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Interest Rate Risk" in Item 3 below as well as Notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements. Contractual Obligations There were no material changes in our contractual obligations through the three months ended September 30, 2024, in comparison to the table included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as disclosed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements No new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had or is expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risk We are exposed to market risks primarily from changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We periodically use certain derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts, to manage interest rate and foreign currency risk. We do not use derivatives for trading purposes, to generate income or to engage in speculative activity. Interest Rate Risk In addition to existing cash balances and cash provided by operating activities, we use and debt to finance our operations. We are exposed to interest rate risk on these debt obligations. Our fixed rate senior notes (as included in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements) represent the majority of our debt obligations as of September 30, 2024. The carrying value, excluding the fair value basis adjustments due to interest rate swaps described below and unamortized discounts, of our senior notes was $11.1 billion as of September 30, 2024. The fair value of our senior notes was approximately $10.4 billion as of September 30, 2024. The potential reduction in fair value of the senior notes from a hypothetical 10% increase in market interest rates would not be material to the overall fair value of the debt. Our risk principally relates to borrowings under our U.S. commercial paper program, paper program, and Revolving Credit Facility (as included in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements) (collectively, " debt"). At September 30, 2024, our cost of debt was 2.7%, with a maturity of 6.7 years, and 99% of our debt was fixed rate. A 100 increase in the interest rate on our debt as of September 30, 2024, would have increased our annual interest expense by $1 million. We performed the foregoing sensitivity analysis based solely on the outstanding balance of our debt as of September 30, 2024. This sensitivity analysis does not take into account any changes that occurred in the prior 12 months or that may take place in the next 12 months in the amount of our outstanding debt. Further, this sensitivity analysis assumes the change in interest rates is applicable for an entire year. For comparison purposes, based on the outstanding balance of our debt as of September 30, 2023, and calculated in the same manner as set forth above, an increase of 100 basis points in the interest rate would have increased our annual interest expense by approximately $48 million. 46 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Risk We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, transaction gains and losses associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location's functional currency. We may manage the exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating activities and the use of foreign currency forward contracts and and derivative instruments. Our exposure to foreign currency exchange risks generally arises from our .S. operations, to the extent they are conducted in local currency. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect translations of revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. We generated approximately $323 million and $304 million during the three months, and $922 million and $908 million during the nine months, ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. The major currencies to which our revenue is exposed are the British Pound Sterling, Euro, Brazilian Real, Australian Dollar, Swedish Krona and Indian Rupee. A 10% movement in average exchange rates for these currencies (assuming a simultaneous and immediate 10% change in all of such rates for the relevant period) would have resulted in the following increase or decrease in our reported revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions): Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Currency 2024 2023 2024 2023 Pound Sterling $ 11 $ 10 $ 32 $ 29 Euro 7 6 19 18 Real 3 3 9 11 Australian Dollar 2 2 6 5 Swedish Krona 3 2 6 6 Rupee 1 1 4 5 Total increase or decrease $ 27 $ 24 $ 76 $ 74 While our results of operations have been impacted by the effects of currency fluctuations, our international operations' revenue and expenses are generally denominated in local currency, which reduces our economic exposure to foreign exchange risk in those jurisdictions. Our foreign exchange risk management policy permits the use of derivative instruments, such as forward contracts and options, to reduce volatility in our results of operations and/or cash flows resulting from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. We do not enter into foreign currency derivative instruments for trading purposes or to engage in speculative activity. We do periodically enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure to intercompany loans, other balance sheet items or expected foreign currency cash flows resulting from forecasted transactions. The Company also utilizes foreign debt and interest rate swaps designated as net investment hedges in order to reduce the volatility of the net investment value of certain of its Euro and Pound Sterling functional subsidiaries and utilizes interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges in order to mitigate the impact of foreign currency risk associated with our foreign debt (see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements). Item 4. Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms and (b) accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 47 Table of Contents Part II: OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors See Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for a detailed discussion of risk factors affecting the Company. There have been no material changes in the risk factors described therein. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table summarizes purchases of equity securities by the issuer during the period ended September 30, 2024: Maximum number of shares that Total cost of shares may yet be purchased as part of purchased under Total number of publicly announced the plans or shares purchased (1) Average price plans or programs (1) programs (1) Period (in millions) paid per share (in millions) (in millions) July 1-31, 2024 2.9 $ 75.60 $ 219.7 16.7 August 1-31 2024 1.7 $ 77.59 135.0 15.0 September 1-30, 2024 1.7 $ 83.39 145.7 13.2 6.4 $ 500.4 (1) In January 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which it authorized the Company to repurchase up to 100 million shares of our common stock at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and through Rule 10b5-1 plans. In August 2024, our Board of Directors approved a separate, incremental share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion in aggregate value of shares of our common stock. Repurchases under these programs will be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Neither of these repurchase programs has an expiration date, and either program may be suspended for periods, amended or discontinued at any time. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 13.2 million shares remained available for repurchase under the January 2021 program, and the Company will exhaust its authorization under this program prior to repurchasing shares under the new program. Item 5. Other Information Director Appointment On October 31, 2024, the Board increased its size from nine to ten directors and elected Ms. Kourtney Gibson to fill the resulting vacancy, effective November 1, 2024, with an initial term expiring at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board has affirmatively determined that Ms. Gibson is “independent” under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act. Ms. Gibson will receive compensation consistent with that received by the Company’s other directors, as described in the Company’s proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, as filed with the SEC on April 26, 2024, provided that the initial award of restricted stock units will be prorated. Ms. Gibson has been appointed to serve as a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Risk and Technology Committee of the Board. There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Gibson and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Gibson was elected as a director of the Company, nor does Ms. Gibson have any direct or indirect material interests in any related person transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Adoption of Executive Severance Plan The Company adopted the Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. U.S. Executive Severance Plan (the “Severance Plan”) effective as of September 1, 2024, to provide severance protection to certain executive officers and other key employees of the Company (or its affiliate) who are designated as participants by written notice pursuant to the Severance Plan (the 48 Table of Contents “Participants”). For an executive officer of the Company to be a Participant, the Severance Plan requires designation by our Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee thereof. As of the end of the period covered by this report, no executive officers have been designated as Participants. The Severance Plan will continue until terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Severance Plan, subject to certain limitations set forth therein. Pursuant to the Severance Plan, in the event of a “Qualifying Termination” (as defined in the Severance Plan), subject to the Company’s receipt of an effective release of claims from the Participant, a Participant would be entitled to receive: (i) a lump sum severance payment equal to one times (1x) the sum of his or her base salary and target annual incentive compensation for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs (or two times (2x) such sum (a) if the termination occurs within three months before, or 24 months after, a “Change in Control” (as defined in the Company’s 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan) (the “Change in Control Protection Period”) or (b) in the case of a Participant who is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (a “CEO Participant”)); (ii) a annual incentive compensation plan payout for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, based on actual performance for the entire fiscal year (but not subject to any discretion related to individual performance goals), prorated for the number of full months worked (or a target annual incentive compensation plan payout for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, prorated for the number of full months worked, if the termination occurs during the Change in Control Protection Period); (iii) to the extent unpaid, any annual incentive compensation payable for the fiscal year preceding the date of the termination; and (iv) a lump sum cash payment equal to 12 monthly medical and dental COBRA premiums (or 18 months of such premiums (a) if the termination occurs during the Change in Control Protection Period or (b) in the case of a CEO Participant). For Participants other than a CEO Participant (such Participants, “Executive Officer Participants”), however, in the event of a termination of his or her employment by the Company directly related to work performance (“Performance Termination”) outside the Change in Control Protection Period, subject to the Company’s receipt of an effective release of claims from such Executive Officer Participant, severance benefits under the Severance Plan will consist of (x) a severance payment equal to times (.5x) his or her base salary, (y) a lump sum cash payment equal to six monthly medical and dental COBRA premiums, and (z) any earned but unpaid annual bonus payments relating to the prior calendar year. The severance benefits under the Severance Plan are subject to the Participant’s compliance with certain and obligations during the Participant’s employment and one year thereafter and confidentiality and obligations. The foregoing description of the Severance Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Severance Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. Amendment of Bylaws On October 31, 2024, our Board of Directors adopted amended and restated bylaws of the Company (the “Amended and Restated Bylaws”), effective as of such date, in order to, among other things: (i) revise procedural mechanics and informational requirements applicable to shareholder nominations of directors and submissions of proposals regarding other business at shareholder meetings, including to define certain terms and to clarify or limit the scope of information required regarding proposing shareholders, proposed nominees and other related persons; (ii) clarify the procedures to be followed in connection with any voluntary resignation by a director of the Company; (iii) require any director candidate to make himself or herself available to be interviewed by our Board of Directors; and (iv) make certain other clarifying, conforming and ministerial changes. The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Ms. Denise Williams , an executive officer of the Company (Chief People Officer) , adopted a trading plan (the “Plan”) intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). The Plan, which was adopted on August 14, 2024 , provides for the sale of up to $ 1,000,000 of shares of FIS common stock and up to 12,484 shares of FIS common stock to be acquired through the exercise of vested stock options. The Plan will expire on the earlier of March 31, 2025 , or the date on which all sales under the Plan have been completed. 49 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Exhibit SEC File Filed/ Furnished No. Exhibit Description Form Number Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.1 Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. * 10.1 Amendment No. 1, dated August 1, 2024, to the Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan. (1) * 10.2 Amendment No. 1, dated July 31, 2024, to the Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (1) * 10.3 Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. U.S. Executive Severance Plan, effective as of September 1, 2024. (1) * 10.4 Eighth Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2024, by and among FIS, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, including the form of the Eighth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement attached as Annex A thereto. 8-K 001-16427 10.1 10/03/2024 31.1 Certification of Stephanie Ferris, Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002. * 31.2 Certification of James Kehoe, Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., pursuant to rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Act of 2002. * 32.1 Certification of Stephanie Ferris, Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002. * 32.2 Certification of James Kehoe, Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Act of 2002. * 50 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Exhibit SEC File Filed/ Furnished No. Exhibit Description Form Number Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. * 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. * 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. * 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. * 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. * 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. * 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL in exhibit 101). * (1) Management contract or compensatory arrangement. * Filed or furnished herewith 51 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. Date: November 4, 2024 By: /s/ James Kehoe James Kehoe Chief Financial Officer FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. Date: November 4, 2024 By: /s/ Christopher Thompson Christopher Thompson Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 52