BETA Close X Greggs plc announced the appointment of Ikdeep Singh as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective July 1, 2026, bringing extensive experience from leadership roles at Mars Pet Nutrition, L'Oréal, and Procter & Gamble, including expertise in global consumer businesses, operations, supply chain, innovation, and digital transformation, which is expected to support the company's growth strategy. Disclaimer* Greggs PLC 08 June 2026 8 June 2026 Greggs PLC Appointment of Non-Executive Director The Board of Greggs plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Ikdeep Singh as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective from 1 July 2026. Ikdeep is currently Global President of Mars Pet Nutrition, a division within the company's $30 billion Petcare business with operations in more than 120 markets. Before joining Mars, he served as President of L'Oréal's North American business and held senior roles at Procter & Gamble across North America, Greater China and global markets. He holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Ikdeep brings extensive experience of leading large consumer businesses across operations, supply chain, innovation and digital transformation. His expertise in business transformation and digital modernisation will support Greggs as it continues to deliver its growth strategy Matt Davies, Chair of Greggs, said: "We are delighted to welcome Ikdeep to the Board. He brings significant leadership experience in global consumer businesses, together with strong operational and digital expertise. We look forward to the new perspectives he will bring to the Board." There is no further information to be disclosed pursuant to UKLR 6.4.8R in relation to Ikdeep Singh. ENDS ENQUIRIES: Greggs PLC Roisin Currie, Chief Executive Richard Hutton, Chief Financial Officer David Watson, Head of IR Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Emily Brooker Tel: 0191 281 7721 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com Tel: 020 7796 4133 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and