BETA Close X Greggs plc announced that Chief Financial Officer Richard Hutton will retire at the end of 2026 after 28 years with the company, including 20 years on the Board. Ben Waldron will join as Chief Financial Officer-designate on October 27, 2026, and assume the CFO role from January 1, 2027, bringing extensive financial and operational leadership experience from Bakkavor Group plc and Ernst & Young. The company highlighted Waldron's strong financial and commercial expertise as an invaluable asset for Greggs' continued development and ambitious strategic plans. Disclaimer* Greggs PLC 01 July 2026 1 July 2026 GREGGS plc ("Greggs") CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER RETIREMENT AND SUCCESSION Greggs today announces that Richard Hutton, Chief Financial Officer, has informed the Board of his intention to retire from the role and step down from the Board after 28 years with the company, including 20 years on the Board. As part of an orderly succession process, Greggs also announces the appointment of Ben Waldron as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of the Company. Ben will join Greggs plc on 27 October 2026 as Chief Financial Officer-designate and as an Executive Director. He will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer from 1 January 2027. Richard Hutton will remain Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director until 31 December 2026. Prior to joining Greggs, Ben worked for Bakkavor Group plc, a leading international fresh prepared food business, where for over 14 years he held a number of senior leadership roles. He was Chief Financial Officer and also held senior operational roles as Group Strategy Director, Chief Executive Officer of Bakkavor Asia and Chief Executive Officer of Bakkavor USA. Since leaving Bakkavor, Ben has been based in Australia working across a portfolio of advisory roles. Before joining Bakkavor, Ben spent 12 years with Ernst & Young, where he was an Audit, Advisory and Transaction Director. Richard and Ben will work together during the handover period to ensure an orderly transition before Richard retires from the Company at the end of 2026. Matt Davies, Chair of Greggs, said, "On behalf of the Board, I look forward to welcoming Ben to Greggs as Chief Financial Officer. He will join the business at an exciting stage in its continued development. His strong financial and commercial expertise, together with his experience in senior operational leadership roles within an international food manufacturing business, will be an invaluable asset to Greggs. I would also like to thank Richard for his outstanding commitment and leadership over many years. Since joining the Board in 2006, he has played a central role in the development of the business and supported a period of significant growth. We are grateful that he will remain with Greggs to support an orderly handover before his retirement at the end of 2026." Roisin Currie, Chief Executive Officer of Greggs, said, " Richard has been a trusted colleague, and I have greatly valued the partnership we have built over many years. His contribution to Greggs has been outstanding, and he will leave with the warmest thanks and very best wishes from everyone across the Company. I am also looking forward to welcoming Ben to Greggs and look forward to working with him as we continue to deliver our ambitious strategic plans ." Ben Waldron said, "I am delighted to be joining Greggs, a great British brand with a strong culture and exciting opportunities for continued growth. I look forward to working with Matt, Roisin, the Board and the wider Greggs team to support the next stage of the Company's development." This announcement is made pursuant to UKLR 6.4.6R. There are no additional matters requiring disclosure in respect of Ben Waldron under UKLR 6.4.8R. This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Upon publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Greggs plc is Sarah Dickson, Company Secretary and General Counsel. ENQUIRIES: Greggs plc Hudson Sandler Roisin Currie, Chief Executive David Watson, Head of Investor Relations Tel: 0191 281 7721 Wendy Baker / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker / India Laidlaw Tel: 020 7796 4133 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com Notes: 1. Ben Waldron's remuneration arrangements will be in line with Greggs approved Directors' Remuneration Policy. Further details will be disclosed in the Company's Directors' Remuneration Report in the usual way. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and