Trading Update Greggs PLC 20 May 2025 20 May 2025 GREGGS PLC ("Greggs" or the "Company") TRADING UPDATE Improved performance; expectations for the year remain unchanged Highlights f o r the first 20 weeks of 2025 · Total sales up 7.4% to £784 million · 2.9% LFL* sales growth, with improved performance in the last 11 weeks supported by better trading conditions · 66 gross new shops opened, 20 net openings, 2,638 shops now trading · Strong pipeline, remain confident in 140-150 net openings for the full year · No change in cost inflation expectations · Investments to increase supply chain capacity on track; in line with project plan and budget · Board's expectations for the full year outcome remain unchanged * Like-for-like (LFL) company-managed shop sales performance against comparable period in 2024 Trading performance Greggs performance improved through the first 20 weeks of 2025. Like-for-like (LFL) sales in company-managed shops grew by 2.9%, with better trading conditions supporting an improved trend. Total sales in the 20 weeks to 17 May 2025 were up 7.4% at £784 million (2024: £730 million) . Product innovation is playing its part. Now available in 1,300 shops, our over-ice drinks range is performing well, including two new flavours: Peach Iced Tea and Mint Lemonade. Pizza boxes continue to see strong demand and hot food options, such as our Southern Fried Chicken Goujons and Southern Fried Potato Wedges, have been further complemented by our newly launched Mac and Cheese which went viral on TikTok. After an initial trial last year, our made-to-order range, including chicken burgers, wraps and fish finger sandwiches is now available in over 300 shops nationwide and is proving popular with customers looking for a more substantial and personalised meal. We also continue to delight customers with further innovation in our classic product ranges. We have made recipe enhancements to our sandwich range in recent weeks, as well as introducing a new Feta, Red Pepper and Spinach Bake to our iconic savoury range. We have also extended our range of healthier choices, introducing products such as a Fat-Free Greek Style Yoghurt with Strawberry Compote alongside established items such as our Pesto and Mozzarella Pasta Salad. Shop estate and supply chain development The proactive management of our shop estate continues and during the period we opened 66 new shops, which included 15 with our franchise partners and four new Drive-Thrus, including our first in Northern Ireland, at Craigavon. In the year to date we have closed 46 shops (including 21 relocations), giving a total of 2,638 shops trading as at 17 May (comprising 2,077 company-managed shops and 561 franchised units). Shop closures are first-half weighted in 2025, and with a strong pipeline we remain confident in achieving 140 to 150 net openings for the full year . The construction of our new frozen product manufacturing and logistics facility in Derby and our National Distribution Centre in Kettering continues at pace. The sites are expected to be operational in 2026 and 2027 respectively, in line with our planned timescales and budget. Outlook The improved LFL sales performance has been delivered in what remains a challenging market context, and during a period that compares with our strongest performance in 2024. Our investment programme is on track and there has been no change to the outlook for cost inflation, which we expect to be around 6% on a LFL basis. Our plans for managing the inflationary headwinds are progressing well and, whilst early in the financial year, the Board's expectations for the full year outcome remain unchanged . ENQUIRIES: Greggs plc Hudson Sandler Roisin Currie, Chief Executive Richard Hutton, Chief Financial Officer David Watson, Investor Relations Tel: 0191 281 7721 Wendy Baker / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker / India Laidlaw Tel: 020 7796 4133 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and