BETA Close X Greggs PLC announced the appointment of Richard Smothers as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective February 1, 2026, who will also become Chair of the Audit Committee from March 6, 2026. Smothers brings extensive financial expertise from his previous roles as CFO of Greene King and Mothercare, and director of Group Finance for Rexam, along with significant experience at Tesco. This appointment follows the retirement of current Audit Committee Chair, Kate Ferry, on March 6, 2026, after six years of service. Disclaimer* Greggs PLC 16 December 2025 16 December 2025 Greggs PLC Appointment of Non-Executive Director & Audit Committee Chair The Board of Greggs plc is pleased to announce the appointment of Richard Smothers as an independent Non-Executive Director, effective from 1 February 2026. Richard will assume the role of Chair of the Audit Committee from 6 March 2026 and will join the Audit, Nominations and Remuneration Committees on appointment. Richard served as Chief Financial Officer of Greene King until early 2025. His other prior experience includes holding the position of Chief Financial Officer at Mothercare plc and serving as Director of Group Finance for Rexam plc, preceded by 14 years at Tesco plc in senior finance roles both in the UK and internationally. He is currently a Non-Executive Director on the board of RM plc, where he chairs the Audit & Risk Committee, and a Non-Executive Director of Greene King. Kate Ferry, Non-Executive Director and current Chair of the Audit Committee, will retire from the Board on 6 March 2026. Matt Davies, Chair of Greggs, said, "As previously noted, Kate has made an exceptional contribution to the Board over the last six years and she will be truly missed. We are delighted that Richard has accepted our invitation to join the Board. He has extensive financial expertise in a listed company environment and great experience in retail which will be of significant benefit to our business". There are no other matters required by UKLR 6.4.8R to be disclosed in relation to Richard Smothers. ENDS ENQUIRIES: Greggs PLC Roisin Currie, Chief Executive Richard Hutton, Chief Financial Officer David Watson, Head of IR Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker Tel: 0191 281 7721 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com Tel: 020 7796 4133 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and