BETA Close X Greggs has published its 2025 Sustainability Report, detailing significant progress against its 2021 targets and outlining new commitments for 2030. Key achievements include supporting over 79,500 children daily through Breakfast Clubs, reducing food waste by 40% and redistributing 45% of unsold food, maintaining over 30% healthier choices on shelves, and opening 45 Outlet shops. The company has also reduced emissions intensity by 56% since 2019, ensured 100% of own-brand packaging is recyclable (excluding hot drink cups), and sourced 97% of electricity, 47% of gas, and 28% of vehicle fuel from renewable sources. New 2030 commitments include developing a methodology to measure food sales healthiness, aiming for net zero Scope 2 emissions by 2030, and increasing unsold food redistribution to at least 50%. Disclaimer* Greggs PLC 13 April 2026 GREGGS REPORTS STRONG PROGRESS AGAINST SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS AND SETS NEW COMMITMENTS TO 2030 "The Recipe for Doing Good" 13 April 2026: Greggs has today published its 2025 Sustainability Report - The Greggs Pledge - which reflects on the significant progress to date against the targets established in 2021, and sets out the evolution of its commitments to 2030. Aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals, The Greggs Pledge presents Greggs commitments to making the world a better place, centred on three key pillars: Building Stronger, Healthier Communities; Making Our Planet Safer; and Becoming a Better Business. 2025 Highlights Greggs has helped to build stronger, healthier communities by: ● S upporting more than 1,000 school Breakfast Clubs, feeding over 79,500 children every school day ● Reducing food waste by 40% against its 2018 baseline and increasing the proportion of unsold food redistributed to 45% ● Maintaining over 30% of the items on its shelves and 40% of all new products as healthier choices ● Opening 45 Greggs Outlet shops to provide affordable food in areas where they are needed most. Greggs has played their part to make our planet safer by ● Reducing emissions intensity by 56% since 2019 ● Ensuring 100% of Greggs own-brand packaging is fully recyclable, with the single exception of hot drink cups ● Opening two Eco-Shops and applying successful elements to over 34% of its estate ● Guaranteeing 97% of the electricity, 47% of the gas, and 28% of the vehicle fuel it uses now comes from renewable sources. Greggs has become a better business by: ● Ensuring 100% of the declared soy used in its own operations is certified as sustainable ● Scoring 10 out of 10 in the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil Shared Responsibility Scorecard ● Improving farm animal welfare by establishing its supply chain as one of the UK's top four companies in the Business Benchmark on Farm Animal Welfare ● Ranking in the top 35% of assessed companies by EcoVadis and maintaining the National Equality Standard. Evolution of The Greggs Pledge by the end of 2030 Greggs remains dedicated to doing good. It has revised and refocused its original ten commitments into a smaller number of more targeted priorities, retaining the same three core pillars while increasing focus on areas where it can deliver the greatest positive impact. Some previous commitments have become fully baked into everyday operational processes, such as keeping food waste at manufacturing sites below 0.2% and using only recyclable materials for packaging. These initiatives will now be maintained through usual governance processes. Other commitments have evolved to reflect a more nuanced understanding of the issues and the areas where Greggs can have the greatest impact. For example, as schools transition to UK Government-funded breakfast provision, Greggs will continue to support its network of schools by expanding its support to different times of the school day, ensuring continued positive impact for children and communities. New commitments and priorities for 2026 include partnering with Nesta, the research and innovation foundation, to develop a method for measuring the healthiness of food sales, report performance against this measure and set a target to deliver improvement by the end 2030. Hugo Harper, director of healthy life at Nesta, said: "Our partnership with Greggs will help to show that public health and business success can go hand-in-hand. As one of the UK's favourite brands, Greggs commitment to healthier communities, together with Nesta's expertise in designing and evaluating interventions, has the potential to make a meaningful impact on the nation's health. By reporting the healthiness of their sales and setting targets for improvement, our work will provide further evidence on how mandatory health targets for all large food businesses, such as those announced by the government, can work for the out-of-home industry while making it easier for customers to buy healthier food. " Alongside this, Greggs will introduce a 'Fighting Food Waste' performance metric to its operational KPIs and will continue to open Greggs Outlets in line with its plan. In addition, Greggs is committed to reducing Scope 2 emissions as per its net zero trajectory, to reach net zero for Scope 2 emissions by the end of 2030. It will seek to further improve its animal welfare practices and maintain a Tier 2 rating in the Business Benchmark for Farm Animal Welfare report. Roisin Currie, Chief Executive at Greggs, commented: "I am very proud of what we have achieved since we created The Greggs Pledge, shining a spotlight on the sustainability areas where we felt we could drive the most meaningful change and deliver a measurable benefit. The next iteration of The Greggs Pledge allows us to keep adapting to an ever-changing and more complex world. However, our commitment to make the world a better place remains the same, and we pledge to continue to make the most positive impact on our communities and continue doing good." Greggs has set the following targets to be achieved by the end of 2026 and by the end of 2030: BUILDING STRONGER, HEALTHIER COMMUNITIES By the end of 2026 By the end of 2030 Supporting communities Support 100 local organisations to take action that strengthens their communities. Support 150 local organisations to take action that strengthens their communities. Helping customers to make healthier choices Develop a methodology for measuring the healthiness of food sales. Report on the healthiness of sales and set a target for further improvement. Putting an end to food waste Introduce a ' Fighting Food Waste' performance metric into operational KPIs and continue to open Greggs Outlets in line with plan. Build on its strong track record of redistributing unsold food and commit to increasing this to at least 50% . MAKING OUR PLANET SAFER By the end of 2026 By the end of 2030 Going carbon-neutral Reduce Scope 2 emissions as per Greggs net zero trajectory. Be net zero for Scope 2 emissions whilst maintaining its trajectory for all three Scopes by 2040. BECOMING A BETTER BUSINESS By the end of 2026 By the end of 2030 Embracing diversity Report its 2025 disability pay gap , as part of its Pay Gap Report, ahead of legislation. Through its inclusive talent attraction, recruitment and development approach, build a diverse talent pipeline and increase diversity across leadership populations. Protecting animal welfare Maintain a Tier 2 rating as evidenced in the next Business Benchmark for Farm Animal Welfare report . Continue to improve animal welfare practices to ensure Greggs remains in a leadership position amongst its peers. Sustainable procurement Improve its s ustainable p rocurement EcoVadis score by 5% . Advance its sustainable procurement approach by improving its EcoVadis score by 25% . The Greggs Pledge is available on the Greggs corporate website: https://corporate.greggs.co.uk/doing-good/ -ENDS- ENQUIRIES: Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Hattie Dreyfus / India Laidlaw Tel: 020 7796 4133 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com NOTES TO EDITORS: About Greggs Greggs is a leading UK food-on-the-go retailer with more than 2,700 shops nationwide and over 33,000 employees across the business. The company was founded in 1939 by John Gregg, then delivering fresh eggs and yeast, by pushbike, to the families of Newcastle. Greggs has since grown to become a nation's-favourite and much-loved British brand. As a food-on-the-go retailer, Greggs continues to specialise in daily fresh shop-made sandwiches, and savouries baked fresh in the shop ovens throughout the day. These are further complemented by popular products and ranges including freshly ground coffee, breakfast, confectionery and evening menu items. Greggs also offers a number of vegan-friendly products across all dayparts and a healthier options range which includes lower calorie products such as salads and flatbreads. Greggs has a delivery partnership with both Just Eat and UberEATS enabling customers to enjoy their Greggs favourites via order and delivery. Greggs' Click + Collect offering provides customers with the ability to select their shop and collection time slot of choice and allows them to order a range of Greggs products in advance, ready for collection when they arrive at our shops. Through the Greggs App and its enhanced loyalty proposition, customers can earn stamps and rewards across all menu categories, on both walk-in and Click + Collect purchases. Deployment of its Customer Relationship Management capabilities allow teams to talk to customers like never before and give additional and personalised services and offers across multiple channels. In April 2026, Greggs launched its latest sustainability report 'The Greggs Pledge' which set out progress made against its commitments to help make the world a better place. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Thungela Resources Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago EKF Diagnostics Holdings 1 hour ago Touchstone Exploration Inc NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Predator Oil & Gas Holdings NPV 1 hour ago Pershing Square Holdings Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and