Annual Financial Report Greggs PLC 16 April 2025 Greggs PLC 16 April 2025 Greggs plc (the "Company") Notice of Annual General Meeting and Annual Financial Report 2024 Following the announcement on 4 March 2025 of its full year results for the 52 weeks ended 28 December 2024, the Company announces that as of 16 April 2025 it has issued its Annual Financial Report and Accounts for 2024 and notice of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to those shareholders who have requested hard copies. The documents have also been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and are available for inspection at https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/primary-markets/regulatory-disclosures/national-storage-mechanism They are also available on the Company's website at: https://corporate.greggs.co.uk/investors/results-and-regulatory-news The Company also announces that it will hold its Annual General Meeting at 11:30 a.m. on Wednesday 21 May 2025, at The Grand Hotel High Gosforth Park, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE3 5HN. Should any arrangements for the AGM change, an announcement will be made via the Regulatory News Service. Anyone can register to receive notification when announcements are released at https://corporate.greggs.co.uk/investors/results-and-regulatory-news Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification: Sarah Dickson Company Secretary Greggs plc Tel: 0191 281 7721 Date: 16 April 2025 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and