Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2024

wieved Nombev

Co Keo

- SO2€S\.

DECADES

FILLED

WITH
FLAVOUR

~
z
a
FA
a
2 * AESCYL8O*
A14 24/06/2025 #102
COMPANIES HOUSE

WELCOME

‘Through the hard work of the entire Greggs team,
we delivered another year of strong growthin
2024, We exceeded £2 billion in turnover for the
first time, opened our 2,600th shop, and laid the
foundations for yet more growth by securing the
‘space we need to expand our manufacturing and
logistics operations.

Ithas been a huge team effort. Our33,000 colleagues across
the UK have pulled out all the stops to ensure that the growth
strategy we set outin 2021s being delivered briliantly, As well
as increasing and developing our estate, we continue to build
the Greggs brand, open more shops in the evenings, extend
ourhome delivery offer, and reward more loyal customers.
through our increasingly popular App.

We may be growing fast, but we are growing responsibly too.
We remain on track to become a net zero business by 2040
‘and have reduced the carbon intensity of our operations
by “1.8% since 2019. We continue to strive tobe the best
‘employer we can be, and to focus on delivering all of our
Greggs Pledge commitments.

Despite the challenges facing the broader economy, |am
optimistic about the year ahead and confident that our bold
‘growth strategy is right, and that our team is very capable
of deliveringit.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS”
£2,014m 137.5p 5.5%
2023: £1810m 2023: 123.8p
£189.8m £20.5m 69.0p
2023: £167.7m 2023: £17.6m_ 2023: 620p

Find cut more abou our financial performance on pages 59 63

Cetsieg xeustons of atenatve performance measures nat otherwise showninthe counts and etatedNote, ae shown on pages 2nd TS,
Excuing exceptional fans
‘Yearon-eur growth iteforthe aes in companymanogedsops ending arches th mare thanore calendar year radng history.

CELEBRATING

Roisin Curt
Chief Executive, 4 March 2025

MILESTONES

sreareocneront —onecToRS REPORT accouNTS

NON-FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS IN THIS REPORT

Strategic Report Directors’ Report
ozs hihi 1 ardor Orector endear 72
Cleat sO yersan ai Governance Report 5
fe) snatearnevee 2 Samick
Chair's Statement 10 Directors’ Remuneration Report 95
lL caithiar Phat tunis model @ Suementorbrcer?
of our range is ‘Healthier Choice’ anetreview We Resporaien 1»
Chit eeutesRepart———7

26 Accounts
Independent Auditor'sReport 121
Consolidatedincome statement 128

1,000+ Breakfast Clubs Saunier ———ws Sine ae

. . The Greggs Pledge ‘47 Balance sheets 129
feeding 75,000 children, every school day across the UK Taskforce onClimate-rlsed Statements of changesineauty 180
Statements ofcoshtlows 152

58 Notestotheaccounts 154

% Tenyearhistory

Renin
ie m2
+ 7

shops feature Eco-Shop elements - 27% of our estate

100% of electricity

we purchase comes from certified renewable sources Youcan also reag our Annual Report onine at

corporate.greggs.co.uk/investors

Find out more about The Greggs Pledge on pages 46 1 49

Crepes AmusiRepotanétecouis2azt 7

CELEBRATING 40 YEARS AS APLC

It's been 40 years since Greggs floated on
the London Stock Exchange.

In 1984, the business had just over 260 shops and
amarket capitalisation of £15 million. In 2024,
turnover exceeded £2 billion and we opened our
2,600th shop. This is testament to the hard work
and dedication of our colleagues, who have been
central to our journey over the years.

YEARS OF
CONTINUED
GROWTH

STRATEGREPORT —ORECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

Greggs opens 500th shop

THE GREGGS FOUNDATION Weorenedourtist shop onGostrth High

Street in 1951, Over the next four decades,
IS LAUNCHED we acquired and built shops and bakeries
across the UK, and reached the milestone

vit ‘of 500 shops in the Greggs estate in 1994.
‘After receiving hundreds of requests

for support each week, lan Gregg
established The Greggs Foundation,
initially known as The Greggs Trust, to
support local people facing hardship -
formalising our commitment to the
community, which we continue today.

The Greggs Foundation's
Breakfast Club programme
is born

The first Greggs Foundation Breakfast Club
was established after a Business in the
Community event, when we saw the

difference a nutritious start to the school
day makes to children.

creape pt hana Repatandtccowns70%4 3

CELEBRATING 40 YEARS AS A PLC CONTINUED

Greggs App launches

The first Greggs App launched to reward
customer loyalty with stamps for coffee
purchases. The App has evolved over time to
reward across all purchases giving customers
even better value. Our App continues to bea
key way to engage with our customers and the
number of users has increased every year since.

FIRST GREGGS
DRIVE-THRU

We knew our customers loved Greggs on-the-go,
owe decided to make it even more convenient for
them when travelling by car and opened our first
drive-thru Greggs in Irlam, Manchester. There

are now 45 Greggs drive-thrus across the UK.

‘We focus on opening them on main arterial routes
with significant traffic volumes to make the most
of their multi-channel capabilities.

4

Vegan sausage roll serves

up a cultural moment

As the Vegan Sausage Roll hit the
shelves, it got everyone talking and
encouraged brand reappraisal. Since
then, we have become known for our
vegan-friendly range, providing our
customers with delicious, quality
options - all at fantastic value.

INTRODUCTION
OF HOME DELIVERY

As part of our commitment to serve our
customers wherever, whenever and however
they choose, we partnered with Just Eat to offer
the convenience and flexibility of delivery.

Supermarket partnership

1n 2020, as we focused on expanding
into locations our customers could
easily access via car, we trialled Greggs
concessions inside Asda and Tesco. The
success of these shops ied tous opening
a further nine shops with Tesco in 2022.
As Greggs in supermarkets took off,

we are now partnered with Tesco, Asda
and Sainsburys, and have 54 shops with
ine to open more in 2025.

STRATEGEREPORT RECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

Arrival of Click + Collect Growing home delivery 500th franchise Over-ice drinks
We created anew way for our Uber Eats became our second shop opens range roll-out

te to she ithus. Click + wc
Collect was roledout cross our partner for home delivery, Our franchise partnersarea Having proven highly popular during trials in
entire estate allowing customers extending smisepton even more critical part of our expansion 2023, we started rolling out our new over-ice
to skip the queue and save time, ae tlonee on ‘theta rate ‘i plans, helping us target on-the- drinks range across the estate. We continued
grabbing thelr favourite products Positionasa multi-channel retailer. go locations reached by car. to develop the range throughout the year,
exactly when they needed them. Franchise shops account for offering exciting seasonal options like our

20% of the total estate. ‘summery Mango and Strawberry Cooler and

the Iced Pumpkin Spice Latte. We worked
hard to meet customer demand and, following
rapid roll-out of equipment, our over-ice
drinks range is now available in 1,175 shops,
exceeding our previous target to make this

available in 700 shops by the end of 2024.
Cama) We will extend this popular range to more
‘shops this year.
Launch of The Greggs Pledge
We launched The Greggs Pledge, setting FEBRUARY - 2024

out ten bold commitments to help make

the world a better place. Made-to-order
range expands

We expanded our made-to-order hot food range

of Chicken Burgers and Wraps with the addition of

the British classic, the fish finger. Our customisable
Fish Finger Sandwich and Fish Finger Wrap are popular
throughout the day, offering flexibility for customers,
and available as part of a deal with a drink and

wedges. Made-to-order hot food is now available ‘OVER-ICE DRINKS RANGE NOW AVAILABLE IN
THE in 140 shops, and we plan to bring more exciting
GREGGS options to more customersin the year ahead.
PLEDGE '
shops

reap ne hut epatanédccouns2006

(CELEBRATING 40 YEARS AS APLC CONTINUED

MARCH - 2024

GREGGS ANNOUNCES
NEW NATIONAL
MANUFACTURING
AND DISTRIBUTION
CENTRE IN DERBY

‘We announced our new site in Derby, which will
provide additional manufacturing for frozen
products and enable frozen storage, picking and
distribution, which is key to our long-term growth,

JULY - 2024

Greggs announces new National
Distribution Centre in Kettering

Following on from our news in Derby, we
‘announced our second new Midlands site in
Kettering. This new National Distribution Centre
will be focused on the storage, picking and
distribution of ambient and chilled goods.

As picking moves upstream to our new Ni
Distribution Centres, it unlocks capacity in

our Radial Distribution Centres to service more
shops, allowing for our continued growth.

JULY - 2024

We celebrate 40 years
as a listed company

We proudly celebrated our 40th anniversary
‘as a publicly listed company on the London
‘Stock Exchange. The business was then
attraditional, decentralised bakery business
with a mostly northern footprint. Today, we
have grown into a leading food-on-the-go
retailer with more than 2,600 shops across,
the UK and 33,000 employees.

OCTOBER - 2024

We celebrate 1,000
Breakfast Clubs

In October, we celebrated alongside

The Greggs Foundation, and their other
partnersas the 1,000th Greggs Foundation
Breakfast Club opened its doors. Twenty five
years after the scheme was established,

We are as committed as ever to building
stronger, healthier communities and are
proud to support more than 75,000 children
every school day.

Ahuge thank you to our colleagues,
customers and partners who have helped
to support our Breakfast Clubs across two
appeal weeks and with in-shop donations,
raising over £482,000 in 2024 alone.

A YEAR FULL OF JOY

STRATEGCREPORT RECTORS REPORT. ACCOUNTS

CNOVEMBER- 2024)

NOVEMBER - 2024 >)

2,600th shop opens

Our shop development programme
continued at pace, and alongside refits
and relocations, there have been
plenty of exciting openings including

T1 shops inside large supermarkets

and Il standalone drive-thrus. With the
support of our franchise partners, we
reached another huge milestone as our
2,800th shop opened, making us more

convenient than ever for our customers.

Festive menu returns

This year, we called in an icon to help us announce the return
of another icon. To the surprise and delight of our customers,
Nigella Lawson helped announce the return of the ‘rapturous
riot of flavour’ that is our Festive Bake. We had a few more
surprises in store this festive period as we once again
partnered with Fenwick, this time launching our exclusive
Greggs Champagne Bar. To round out the year, we created the
perfect stocking filler, te limited-edition Greggs Top Trumps.
We truly had something for everyone this festive period,
highlighting the creativity and joy that our brand champions.

NOVEMBER - 2024

£1 million raised for
BBC Children in Need

We are proud to have partnered with BBC Children in Need
for 18 years and we once again kicked off November with
Pudsey power. A huge thank you to our colleagues and
customers as they came together to help us raise over

£1 million for BBC Children in Need - supporting the

lives of young people across the UK. From wacky and
wonderful fundraising activities and generous donations,
to customers enjoying our Pudsey products, the support
this appeal receives each year is truly phenomenal.

DECEMBER - 2024

GREGGS HITS
£2 BILLION SALES
MILESTONE

We ended 2024 on a high as we hit the €2 billion
sales milestone. This achievement takes us
closer to our target of doubling our sales over
five years, and shows the strength of the brand
and the popularity of the offering we provide

to our customers.

regs Aewsleoranttecouns 2006 7

ATA GLANCE

BETTER BUSINESS
FOR EVERYONE

With ownership of our supply chain, multiple service
channels for our customers and more than 2,600 shops
across the UK, we are in a unique position to make great
tasting, freshly prepared food accessible to everyone.
Our teams across the business are dedicated to providing
our customers with great tasting food-on-the-go and the
best experience, day in, day out.

Our purpose
TO MAKE GREAT TASTING, FRESHLY PREPARED FOOD
ACCESSIBLE TO EVERYONE

Our visio

n
TO BE THE CUSTOMERS’ FAVOURITE
FOR FOOD-ON-THE-GO

We are a modern food-on-the-go retailer, providing a wide
menu of food and drink choices wherever and whenever

our customersneed us throughout the day.

MANUFACTURING

Inour own food manufacturing centres of
excellence, we make great tasting, freshly
prepared food that our customers can trust.

LOGISTICS

‘We move products from our food manufacturing
sites to our shops ourselves, which helps us to
keep our prices as low as possible.

OUR PEOPLE

We have 33,000 amazing colleagues, working
together to provide our customers with the best
‘experience, offering fast and friendly service,
day in, day out.

CUSTOMER CHANNELS

With more than 2,600 shops, including 581 with
franchise partners, our wholesale partnership,
delivery service and Click + Collect, we are
available to serve customers wherever, whenever
and however they choose.

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS
Through our Greggs App, we are building
long-term connections with our customers,

‘and rewarding their loyalty. Our Customer
Relationship Management (CRM) systems allow
us to talk to our customers on a one-to-one basis
‘and serve them personalised communication,
with exclusive offers and benefits for being an
copted-in App customer.

HOW WE CREATE VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Rewarding
our colleagues

We know that our people are our
most valuable asset, so we make
sure that our colleagues ae paid
fairy, treated well and given

the training and opportunities
they deserve. We believe allot
cur people should share in our
‘success. Every year, 10% of

cur profits are shared among
ourcolleagues.

Read more about our people and culture
fonpages 40to45,

‘COLLEAGUE PROFTT-SHARING

£20.5m

2023: £1.6m

Giving back to the

Greggs has a proud reputation
of giving back and we are
‘committed to doing the right
thing to help build stronger,
healthier communities and tolead
positive change. We donate toa
wide range of charitable causes,
and every year, we give atleast
‘T% of profits to our corporate
charity, The Greggs Foundation.
(Our donation, along with support
from our customers, colleagues
and partners, enabled the charity
to distribute £5.45 million in

2024 to schools and charitable
organisations in the UK.

Read more about The Greggs Pi
onpages 471049

DONATED TO THE GREGGS FOUNDATION

£3.1m

2023: £2.6m

stnarkorcnevont

Creating sustainable value

for our shareholders

We always strive to be a good corporate
citizen and to treat everyone - our colleagues,
customers, suppliers, partners and
‘shareholders - with faimess, consideration
and respect.

‘As well as supporting our communities by
providing thousands of fairly paid jobs and
supporting a numberof charitable causes,
we are redoubling our efforts to make
Greggs a great place to work. We want tobe
an inclusive employer that our colleagues
‘recommend to their friends.

We always set high standards for what we
purchase, with the aim of making things
better in our supply chain and working
collaboratively with our suppliers, so they
raise their game too.

Readmore about ur business modet
onpages I2and'3

TOTAL ORDINARY DIVIDEND

2023: 6209

‘OREcToRS REPORT

sccouns

‘regoepe Aes Report an zou 202%

9

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

CONTINUED
STRONG TRACK

10

RECORD

tm delighted with the further progress that
Greggs has made in 2024. The whole team

has demonstrated its ability to execute on our
strategic plan, responding to market conditions
whilst continuing to deliver another year of
progress and attractive returns. We are excited
by the opportunity ahead and investing to
realise that potential. In doing so we remain true
to the responsible, long-term approach that has
served this business and its stakeholders well
for many years.

Matt Davies
Chair

Overview

Greggs delivered another strong performance in 2024, making
further progress against our strategic plan and delivering

‘an excellent financial outcome in more challenging market
conditions. The long-term growth opportunity ahead is clear
and we are making good progress as we develop capacity in our
supply chain to support further expansion in the years ahead.

The Board's agenda for the year reflected the Company's
ambitious growth plans. We continued to review the health of the
brand and management’ initiatives to develop the food and drink
offer and improve access to Greggs across multiple channels.
The Board scrutinised the investment plans that support these
objectives, ensuring that the business is making good returns on
the expansion ofits shop estate into areas where Greggs has not
traditionally been accessible. This gives us confidence as we lay
down capacity for the next phase of expansion.

High standards of governance have long been associated with
Greggs, and we work hard to ensure that these are maintained as
the operating environment changes. During the year the Board
received updates on key risk areas and put a particular focus

‘on processes for allergen management, given the material risk
associated with this

The business remains in a strong financial position and in 2024
the Board oversaw the refinancing ofits revolving credit facility
‘as well as supporting the defined benefit pension scheme
Trustee to de-risk the Company’ legacy pension scheme through
the purchase of an insurance policy which matches the majority
of the schemes liabilities.

Greggs has always aimed to carry out its business in a responsible
‘manner and our pursuit of the targets that make up The Greggs
Pledge has really pushed us forward on this agenda. As we enter
the final year of our current Pledge targets, great progress has
been made in making Greggs an even more sustainable business
‘and we are now refreshing the priorities for the next phase of this
journey. In supporting the communities in which Greggs operates