COMING BACK
STRONGER

GREGGS ple Annual Report & sconn ia)

GREGGS

‘ONION

INTRODUCTION

Strategic Report
2aAhighights i
‘Ataglance 2

Yeorinreview a

Chairs statement 0

Businessmodel __ 1S

(A with Roisin Curie, CEODe 20

Ourstrategyinaction 2

Key performance inaicators 3

The GreggsPiedge 38

Ina second year dominated by disruption due to Ta oeeneeaee

Covid, our teams once again coped magnificently Pronnibeckene x6

with unprecedented and rapidly-changing conditions. Ourstakenolsers

We set outat the beginning ofthe year to show that ed

‘we could not only cope with Covid, but emerge from Finencielrevew __S5

this isis both stronger and better as a business Riskmonegement 88
Our results and achievements in 2021 show that we Directors’ Report

achieved both those ambitions, and would ike to Boardof DrectorsondSecretary 64

take this opportunity to, once again, thank all of our Governancereport OB

teams grote cour wha roe so wel tomast Audit Committee report 7

Directors remunerationrepor’ 84

Statement of Directors responsibiities 107

Accounts
independent avditorsreport vo8
Consalidatedincome statement 116
Consolidated statement af
comprehensive income 16
Roger Whiteside OBE, Chief Executive ee or
BMarch 2022 Statements ofchangesinequity 8
Statements of cashflows 12

Notestotheconsolidatedaccounts 124
Ten-year history 168
‘Alternative performance measures 169
Secretary andadvisers ™m

2021 HIGHLIGHTS.

Operational highlights

NEW FIVE-YEAR
GROWTH STRATEGY
ANNOUNCED

In October, we set out our ambitious
plan to double Greggs’salesin the next
five years. The fundamental strategic
pillars of ourbusiness modelhave not
changed but we have identified four key
‘growth drivers, including Growing and
developing the Greggs estate’ which will
become the focus of our plan toreach
‘our full potentialin the years ahead.

Read more about ourkey growth rivers on
pages24to31—>

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
THROUGHOUT THE BUSINESS

We successfully launched our new website and Greggs
App, including our enhanced loyalty proposition.
Customers can now earn stampsand rewards
acrossall of our menu categories, on both walk-in

‘and Click + Collect purchases. Deployment of our

new Customer Relationship Management capabilities
will allow our teams to talk to our customers like never
before and continue our journey to give additional

‘and personalised services and offers across

multiple channels.

Read more about ou digital transformation onpages 28and28 ->

THE GREGGS PLEDGE

Oursustainability plan, The Greggs Pledge,
isabouthow we can do more tohelp people,
protect the planet and work with our partners
tochange the world for the better. Our
sustainability report, published alongside
the annual report, is available to view now.

*Detsiedcalelationsot Aernative Peformance Measures, ot otherwise showninthe accounts endelatednates.

sreshowmonpages 69and70

STRATEGIC REPORT

Financial highlights"

Total sales

£1,229.7m

2020: £811.3m

Pr ji
£145.6m
2020: £13.7m loss

Diluted earnings per share

114.3p

2020: loss per share of 12.9p

‘Special dividend

40.0p

2020: Enil

Colleague profit-sharing

£16.6m

RECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

Youcanalso
read our annual
report online at
corporate.
greggs.co.uk/
investors

‘And read The
Greggs Pledge
at corporate.

greggs.co.uk/
responsibility

nustReport and Accounts202)

cregsepte

ATAGLANCE

With ownership of our supply chain, multiple
service channels for our customers and
around 2,200 shops nationwide, we are ina
unique position to make great tasting, freshly
prepared food accessible to everyone.
Throughout the pandemic, our teams have
risen to the many challenges and worked
tirelessly to provide our customers with
great tasting food-on-the-go and the best
experience, day in, day out.

Our purpose

To make great tasting,
freshly prepared food
accessible to everyone.

Our vision

To be the customers’
favourite for food-on-
the-go.

i

AT AGLANCE CONTINUED

‘WHAT WE DO

We are amodern food-on-the-go retailer providing a wide menu of food
and drink choices wherever and whenever our customers need us.

Manufacturing Logistics Our people

Inourown food manufacturing Wemove products fromourfood ~- Wehavemorethan25,000. amazing
centres of excellence, we make manufacturingsitestoourshops colleagues, working together to
great tasting, freshly prepared ourselves,whichhelpsustokeep _provideourcustomers with the
foodthatourcustomerscantrust. _ourpricesas lowas possible. best experience, offering fast and

friendly service, dayin, day out.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT

We have been around for over 80 years building a reputation for offering great quality, freshly prepared food at low prices with great servi

STRATEGICREPORT —OIRECTORS:REPORT ACCOUNTS

Customer channels

With around 2,200 shops,
including 375 with franchise
partners, our wholesale
partnership, delivery and

Click + Collect, we are available
toserve customers wherever,
whenever and however

they choose.

We are a much-loved and trsted brand that is for everyone and available to serve our customers wherever, whenever and however they choose.

Purpose Quality Convenience

Tomake good, freshly prepared Wewant ourproductstobe Wewant tobe able toserve

food accessible to everyone. the best they canbe, customers wherever, whenever
and however they choose

Value

We offer great value in an
extremely competitive
marketplace.

Customer
relationships

‘Through our new Greggs App. we
are buildinglong-term connections
with our customers and rewarding
their loyalty. Ournew CRM
systemallows us totalktoour
‘customers on regular one-to-one
basis, viaemail, SMS or the

Greggs App.

Service

We provide customers with fast
and friendly service, fixing issues
without afuss and rewarding
them for their loyalty.

Aust Report and counts 201

Greopea

AT AGLANCE CONTINUED

OUR STRATEGY

While Greggs has enjoyed tremendous success in recent years as we sought to become the customers’ favourite for
food-on-the-go, our journey is far from over. We have an ambitious plan to double Greggs’ sales in the next five years
‘and while the fundamental strategic pillars of our business model have not changed, we are continually learning and
‘adapting and have identified four key growth drivers which will become the focus of our strategy to reach our full
potential in the years ahead.

OUR FUNDAMENTAL STRATEGIC PILLARS

Great tasting, freshly
prepared food

You cannot beat freshly baked, freshly
prepared food. With our great flavours,

Best customer experience
Fast and friendly service is akey reason why
customers choose Greggs. Great serviceis
not an easy thing to deliver under pressure,

Competitive supply chain

By owning our supply chain, we can make
great tasting freshly prepared food at low
prices accessible to everyone.

First class support teams
‘We've invested heavilyin leading-edge
systems. They equip our support teams to
provide the best service to their colleagues

‘and our shop teams do an amazing job.
Through our Greggs App, weare able to
build longlasting relationships with our
customers and reward theirloyalty.

responsibly-sourced ingredients, and, ultimately, our customers.
Consistent quality and outstanding value

our food-on-the-go leads the way.

THE GREGGS PLEDGE: DEDICATED TO DOING GOOD

rv) ® oo

Stronger, healthier communities Safer planet

We pledge to play our part in improving the nation’s diet We pledge to become carbon neutral,
byhelping to tackle obesity, providingfreebreakfasts _—_zerowaste business.

toschool children and giving surplus food to those who

needit most.

Better business

We pledge to increase the diversity of our workforce,
‘and tose our purchasing power responsibly, with the
aim of making things better in our supply chain,

H

AAT AGLANCE CONTINUED

OUR FOUR KEY DRIVERS OF GROWTH

Growing and
developing the
Greggs estate

Witha strongnew shop opening pipeline
anda significant opportunity toimprove
the quality of ourestate through
relocations andthe next generation

of shop refits, our ambitionis toreach
atleast 3,000 shopsas thenext target
for our supply chain capacity

planning assumptions.

Readmore on page 24 >

Evening
trade

Through extending the trading hours
inmany of our shops, deliveringnew
and exciting additions to our menu

and leveraging our existing customer
channels, including delivery and Click +
Collect alongside walk-incustomers,
we have astrategic opportunity to
effectively compete for food-on-the-go
salesinthe evening.

Readmore onpage25 >

Digital
channels

‘Through our digital channels we are able
tocompete more effectively t all times of,
day. Our delivery partnership with Just Eat
enables ustoincrease the reach of our
shops beyond customers passing by and,
inaddition, offers the addedattraction of
serving multiple customersin one order
with higher-than-average basket size.
Click + Collect offers our customers the
ability to easily browse our menu, skip

the queues and ultimately personalise
their order.

Readmore onpage28 —>

[STRATEOCREPORT —OIRECTORS'REPORT ACCOUNTS

Making Greggs
mean more to
more people

We have successfully repositioned the
Greggs brandin recent yearstobecome
recognised.asacustomer favourite for
food-on-the-go. Through our brand
activity, and with timely and effective
customer communication viaour new
Greggs App, website and CRM system,
we have the opportunity toeffectively
communicate how Greggs canmean
‘more things to more people, so that we
‘are abrand considered by more people,
inmore places andatalltimes of day
when they need food-on-the-go.

Read more on page 30 —>

Investing in our supply chain and systems for a bigger business

Our ambition to double sales revenues will require significant investmentin manufacturing and logistics to increase capacity. Building a centralised business model has required
2a transformationalinvestment in systems and, now that our SAP implementation s nearly complete, we have accelerated our digital transformation programme: With this new
platform in place, we see significant opportunities to grow our digital capabilities and enable more efficient operations which will see a programme of continuous improvement

as the business grows.

Readmore onpage32 >

‘Anns Report end Accounts 2021

Greppeple

Anal Reportand Accounts 202,

oreggerle

AT AGLANCE CONTINUED

OUR SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENTS

It’s our duty as a responsible business to stand for more than just
profit. Our sustainability report, The Greggs Pledge, is about how
we can do more tohelp people, protect the planet and work with
our partners to change the world for the better. Based on the UN's
‘Sustainable Development Goals, The Greggs Pledge commits

us to achieving the following goals by 2025:

1,000

school Breakfast Clubs
providing some 70,000 meals
each school day.

25%

less food waste thani7 2018 and
will continue to work towards
100% of surplus food going to
those most in need.

25%

less packaging, by weight, than
in 2019, and any remaining
packaging will be mad2 from
‘material that is widely recycled.

50

Greggs Outlet shops providing
affordable food in arees of
social deprivation, with a share
of profits given toloca
‘community organisations.

30%

of the items on our shelves will
be healthier choices.

100%

on our way to achieving carbon
neutrality by using 100% renewable
energy across all of our operations.

25%

of our shops will feature elements
from our Eco-Shop, ‘shop of the
future’ design.

Diverse and inclusive workforce
which reflects the communities.
we serve.

Responsible sourcing strategy
in place to report annually on
progress towards our targets,

Tier!
secured and maintainedin the
BBFAW Animal Welfare standard.

AT AGLANCE CONTINUED

OUR CULTURE AND VALUES

Our people are what makes our business successful. We aim to provide them
witha great place to work. where they feel valued and have the opportunity to
fulfil their potential. Our values commit us to being friendly, inclusive, honest,
respectful, hardworking and appreciative

Total employees

centage of female employees

25,174 69%

OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Maintaining good relationships with our essential stakeholders
is key to what we do. Our stakeholder family includes customers,
colleagues, investors, suppliers and, of course, the

‘communities that we serve.
Customers

HOW WE MEASURE OUR PERFORMANCE

Constant monitoring of how we meet our objectives and
challenges is vital to success. Naturally, we look at financial
performance through our principal KPls, but doing business
in the right way is measured too, with wide-ranging balanced
scorecards examining every aspect of what we do.

Readmore onour stakeholders onpages 45t054 —>

Shareholders

Colleagues

sTRATEOCREPORT

‘Suppliers

DmecToRs Reon

accounts

ena Account 202)

AnauetReportandecounts202)

cregseple

YEARINREVIEW

STRONGER

BUSINESS

From the launch of The Greggs Pledge,
supporting the Greggs Foundation in its biggest
Breakfast Club Appeal yet and getting our shops
ready for Natasha's Law, to launching ournew
Greggs App and website and celebrating new
shop openings, there is a lot to be proud of.

February

Launch of The Greggs Pledge
We set out ourten commitments
about howwe candomare tohelp
people, protect the planet and work
with our partners to change the world
for the better, including apledgeto
achieve net zero carbon, as we all
fight to save our planet from the
threat of global warming. Our latest
reportis available to view here:
corporate.greggs.co.uk/

January
Putting an end to food waste

with Too Good To Go

We ramped.up our partnership with Too
600d To Go, the food-waste saving app,
partnership that would help ussave
over 810 tonnes of foodin 2021

April

Greggs Foundation’s annual
Breakfast Club Appeal

With the help of customers, colleagues and
partners, we helped the Greggs Foundation
toraise over £120,000 forits Breakfast Club
Appeal, enabling us to support 480,000
children with afree breakfastin one of

our Breakfast Club schools.

‘YEARIN REVIEW CONTINUED

May

200th shop opening with
franchise partner Euro Garages
We celebrated this big milestone
‘opening with longstanding partner
Euro Garages at Shavington in Crewe.

June
New Greggs website and
‘Applaunched

We relaunched our internally
developed Greggs website and

App with great new features for
customers, including rewards across
every category andanewCRM system,
making it easier to send Greggs fans
the right message at the rigat time.

‘August
‘Launched new partnership with
charity Only a Pavement Away
We have a longstanding history

‘of working with people from
disadvantaged backgrounds and, in
partnership with Only a Pavement
‘Away, we aim to bring more people
that are at risk of homelessnessinto
secure and sustainable employment
‘and help them to rebuild their lives.

BETTER

September

Balliol National Distribution
Centre official opening

Our Main Board team attended the
official opening of our new frozen
storage facility which brings together
the majority of our frozen storage
under one roof. This facility will not
only improve efficiency, but will also
have a hugely positive impact on
reducing our carbon footprint.
October

STRATEGIC REPORT

Natasha's Law

Greggsis always there for our
customers, and that goes especially
for helping them to understand what's
inour produets, in relation to allergens.
Even when the pandemic took hold,
our colleagues never lost focus and
did an incredible job getting us ready
for Natasha's Law.

December

Major milestone with Just Eat
We rolled out our partnership

with Just Eat to over 1,000 shops
nationwide, meaning more and more
customers can enjoy Greggsinthe
comfort of their own homes.

BUSINESS

DRECTORS REPORT

accounts

creggepte

oreppepte

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

Greggs returned to the front foot in 2021. With a strong team,
brand and financial position we are well-placed to embrace
the many strategic opportunities ahead of us. We have an
ambitious plan and the resources to pursue it for the

benefit of all of our stakeholders.

BETTER

ADAPTED
TO ANEW
CHAPTER