GREGGS 6g, sez)

MORE SHOPS, MORE CHOICE, MORE GROWTH

_ MORE GREGGS FOR EVERYONE

GREGGS plc Annual Report & Acc >

ES=
==

INTRODUCTION

FOCUSING ON THE =a
MORE TO EVERYONE

Andresd The
GreggsPledge t
rat
2022 has been a year of strong progress for Sresge-cosuk/
Greggs, the result of committed efforts to doing-good/

deliver our strategic growth plan. The significant
opportunities on which the plans based will
remain centre stage in the year ahead as we make
Greggs more accessible to even more customers.
Although consumer incomes remain under
pressure, Greggs continues to offer exceptional
value to people looking for great tasting,
high-quality food and drink on-the-go.

We have an exciting, ambitious plan for the years
ahead and, by continuing to nurture what makes
Greggs special, | believe we are extremely
well-placed to realise the opportunity to become
a significantly larger, multi-channel business.

Roisin Currie
Chief Executive
‘TMarch 2023

Strategic Report
2o22highi

i
ance 2
Yearinreview 4
Chairs st 3
Business model 0
Market review 7
Chief Executive's report @
Ours 8
Ours on 20
Keyperformance indicators 30
Sus report 3%
The Greggs Pledge 2
Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures 38
42
rs
“6
Our stakeholders 34
rectors’ Report
Board of Directors andSe @
Governancereport 5
‘Audit Committee report 7
Directors’ remuneration report 78
Statement ofDirectors'responsibiities 101
Accounts
independent 102
Consoliatedincome statement 108
Consolidated statement of
comprehensiveincome 108
Balance sheets 109
Statements of changes inequity 10
sof cash lows 12
Notes tothe consolidated, 1%
Ten-year history 156
‘ternative pertormance measures 167

159

2022 HIGHLIGHTS
‘OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

MORE GREGGS FOR EVERYONE

In October 2021, we set out our ambitious plan
to double our sales by 2026 and have made great
progress against our 2022 targets. We identified
four key growth drivers, which are the focus of our
plan to reach our full potential in the years ahead,
underpinned by investment in our supply chain
and systems and our ongoing commitment to
doing good through The Greggs Pledge.

Read more about our progress against ourkey growth
drivers on page1s —>

GROWING AND DEVELOPING
THE GREGGS ESTATE

‘Afundamental part of our strategic planis shop
estate growth. Our ambitions toreach significantly
‘more than 3,000 shops and we have a strong pipeline
of new shop openings. We alsohave a significant
‘opportunity to further enhance the quality of our
estate through relocations and the next generation
of shop refits. Greggsis a versatile brand. This means
we can openafullrange of formatsina variety of
locations, with our new digital channels enabling

us to extend the reach of each shop even further.

Read more about our plans to grow andimprove
‘our shops on pages 20 to21

THE GREGGS PLEDGE

Our sustainability plan, The Greggs Pledge, focuses
on how we are doing more tohelp people, protect

the planet and work with our partners to change the
world for the better. Ourlatest sustainability report,
The Greggs Pledge, published alongside the annual
report, isavailable to view on our corporate website

Readmore about our progress against
The Greggs Pledge commitments on pages 32t034 ->

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS*

Total sales

£1,515m

2021: £1,230 million

Total ordinary dividend

59.0p

2021: 97.0p"*

Like-for-tike (LFL) sales"

+17.8%

earnings per share

TI7.5p

2021: 114.3p

Pre-tax profit

Colleague profit-sharing

£16.6m

2021: £16.6m

+ Detalescaleultionsot ternative Pertormance

.ntatherwise shawnintheaceounts ane

reltednotes, are shownonpages157and168

‘Includes 2021 adeionalspecilavdendet 40 0ppaKd

* Like-forihesalesincompany-manageashopslexcuding
franchseslwitnacaledaryearstrednghistory

on

He knowl Report ana Recounts 2022

1

ATAGLANCE

COMMITTED
TO TASTING GO

WHAT WE DO

We are a modern food-on-the-go retailer, providing
awide menu of food and drink choices wherever and
whenever our customers need us throughout the day.

MANUFACTURING Loistics

Inour own food manufacturing ‘We move products from our food
centres of excellence, wemake manufacturing sites to our shops
great tasting, freshly prepared ourselves, which helpsus to keep
foodthat ourcustomerscantrust. our prices aslowas possible.

With ownership of our supply chain, multiple service channels for our
customers and over 2,300 shops nationwide, we are in a unique position
tomake great tasting, freshly prepared food accessible to everyone. Our
teams across the business are dedicated to providing our customers with
great tasting food-on-the-go and the best experience, day in, day out.

OUR PEOPLE

We have more than 28,000
‘amazing colleagues, working
together to provide our customers
with the best experience, offering
fastand friendly service, dayin,
day out.

CUSTOMER CHANNELS
With more than 2,300 shops,
including over 440 with franchise
partners, our wholesale
partnership, delivery and Click +
Collect, we are available to serve
customers wherever, whenever
and however they choose.

CUSTOMER
RELATIONSHIPS
Through our Greggs App, we are
building long-term connections
with our customers and rewarding
their loyalty. Our CRM systems
allow us totalk to our customers
ona regular one-to-one basis and
toserve them even better, with
exclusive offers and benefits for
being an App customer.

OUR PURPOSE

To make great tasting,

freshly prepared food
accessible to everyone

OUR VISION

To be the customers’

favourite for
food-on-the-go

DEDICATED
TO DOING GOOD

OUR CULTURE AND VALUES

Our people are what makes our business
successful. We aim to provide them with
agreat place to work, where they feel
valued and have the opportunity to fulfil
their potential. Qur values commit

us tobeing friendly, inclusive, honest,
respectful, hardworking and appreciative.
We are proud tohold the National
Equality Standard in recognition of our
efforts to improve diversity and inclusion
across the business.

more about our people
gee 68 and 8 >

OUR SUSTAINABILITY
COMMITMENTS

It’s our dutyas aresponsible business to
stand for more thanjust profit. Wehave a
strong sense of responsibility todo the right
thing for our people, customers, suppliers
‘and the communities in which we serve,
‘and to lead positive change.

Readmore about The Greggs Pledge.on
321034 >

oo

3

YEARINREVIEW

A LOT TO BE

PROUD OF

From the annual publication of

The Greggs Pledge and making
notable progress against our targets
including launching our first ever
Eco-Shop initiative and opening our
30th Outlet shop, to launching our
first fashion collection, celebrating
new shop openings including

No.1 Leicester Square and hitting

key milestones with our franchise
partners - there's alot to be proud of.

FEBRUARY

APRIL

We launched our first fashion
collection with Primark

Greggs merchandise is something our customers

had continually asked for, so together with Primark,

we launched our first official range, providing our
audiences with great accessibility and value. Based on
the huge reaction and popularity, thishasbeen followed
byafurther two collections, including a festival and
Christmas range - perfect for fans to quite literally
wear their love for Greggs on their sleeves.

Second annual sustainability
report, The Greggs Pledge,
published

We reported on our progress against our ten
‘commitments to do more tohelp people, protect the
planet and work with our partners to change the world
for the better, including a pledge to achieve Net Zero
carbon, as we all fight to save our planet from the
threat of global warming. Our latest report is available
to view here: corporate.greggs.co.uk/doing-good/

MAY

Awarded prestigious
National Equality Standard

We were proud to be awarded the National Equality
Standard(NES)in recognition of our efforts toimprove
diversity and inclusion(D81) across the business.

Toachieve NES certification, organisations are
independently reviewed via rigorous assessment
against adefined set of criteria and best practice
standards. Achieving NES accreditation forms akey part
of The Greggs Pledge commitment Embracing diversity’
Being awarded the standardis an important step in our
journey to continuously improvein this area, enhance
Dal across the business and ensure our colleagues
increasingly reflect the communities we serve.

JULY JULY

Greggs opens at No.1 Greggs launches Eco-Shop
Leicester Square to trial sustainable in-store

We opened our flagship shop at this initiati

prestigious andiconic location in Central initiatives

London. In keeping with the starry location, ‘Our Eco-Shop, which opened at Great Billing, Northampton,
‘our new shop opened withits very own, isabrandnewand bespoke format where we willtest
premiere, featuring glitz, amour and of innovative solutions and initiatives aimed at delivering
course... sausage rolls. Fans were encouraged real progress in reducing the environmental impact of our
to dress toimpress before strutting their operations. Successful new ideas and technologies will then
stuff down our blue carpet and striking a pose be rolled out across the broader shop estate.

infront of the sparkling paparazzi board.

te Anoal Report and Recounts 2022

YEARIN REVIEW CONTINUED

JULY

We celebrated the opening
of our 400th franchise shop

We celebrated this big milestone opening with new franchise
partner Rontec, in Selby. As we continue to roll out new shops.
across the country, with an increased focus on targeting
‘on-the-go locations that are accessible by car, franchise partners
will continue to play a critical part in supporting our expansion
plans. Over many years, Greggs has built and maintained strong
and iong-standing relationships with some of the UK's largest
franchise partners and forecourt operators and today works

with 16 franchise partners across the UK.

AUGUST

New pizza line at
Enfield commissioned

Our new automated pizza manufacturing

line at our Enfield site will support further
growthin this important category as well,

as lowering production costs.

‘SEPTEMBER

500 shops now
open in the evening

We were proud tohit this major milestone
with overS00 shops now open until 8pm or
later, offering delivery and hot food menu
trials. Through longer trading hours in more
of our shops, we're able to compete more
effectively for food-on-the-go salesin

the evening.

STRATEDICREPORT —OIRECTORS'REPORT ACCOUNTS

NOVEMBER

Greggs Foundation launches
partnership with Rethink Food

The Greggs Foundation, the independent grant-making
charity associated with Greggs ple, has partnered with
food education charity, Rethink Food, tolauncha free
‘education programme with the potential toteach upto
{50,000 UK schoolchildren the importance of food
security and sustainability. This partnership will play an
important role in furthering the commitments of The
Greggs Pledge to build stronger, healthier communities,
‘support schoolchildren and grow the highly successful
Greggs Breakfast Clubs programme.

DECEMBER

We opened our 30th
Greggs Outlet shop

Our Outlet shops redistribute unsold food
atareduced price to enable those ona tight
budget tospendless while stllhaving access
togreat quality food. Here at Greggs, we
know it’s important that we do our bit to

reduce food wastage and address food Find out more about our Outlet shops
insecurity across the UK and that's why we in the latest Greggs Pledge report.
have committed to opening 50 Outlet shops

bythe end of 2025.

regen anusiRepertanédecouns2002 7

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

A GREAT BUSINESS WITH
A CLEAR STRATEGY

1am delighted to have taken over as Chair

of Greggs, a business and brand that |have
long admired, and it’s great to have joined
acompany that has, once again, delivereda
strong performance ina challenging trading
environment. Since joining the Board Ihave
been struck by the capability of the team,
the organisational culture and values, and the
customer-centric focus across the breadth
of the organisation. This puts Greggs ina
strong position to deliver onits strategic
plan and the many growth opportunities
that lie ahead.

Matt Davies
Chair

Overview

Despite challenging macroeconomic conditions Greggs
delivered another strong performance in 2022. The whole
teamhas demonstratedits experience and capability in
responding as conditions changed rapidly over the year.
Continued robust demand for Greggs, at atime when
disposable incomes have been under pressure, is testament
tothe quality and value of the products that we offer and the
broad appeal of the Greggs proposition.

lam grateful to my predecessor lan Durant for facilitating
such asmooth handover to the role of Chair, and tomy
Non-Executive colleagues and Roisin, Richard and the entire
Greggs team for their welcome to the business. Ihave had
the opportunity over my first few months in role to visit a
number of our manufacturing and logistics sites, to work
ina store and in our supply chain, and to meet many Greggs.
colleagues and customers across the country. What has
struck me is the absolute commitment across the business
to offering our customers high-quality products at great
value, and our customers’ affection and trust in the

Greggs brand,

Greggs has a deeply-embedded belief in carrying out its
business ina responsible manner, for the benefit of allits
stakeholders. When times get tough this approach becomes
‘even more important, so it has been encouraging to see the
progress made in delivery of the Company's environmental
‘and social commitments in 2022, set out in The Greggs
Pledge. Thisis a crucial foundation for the sustainable
‘growth that we aim to deliver in the years ahead.

Our people and values
would like to thankall our colleagues for the part they

have played in successfully navigating the challenges of
the past year. Ithas really struck me how the people at
Greggs are at the very core of our business. Theyare skilled,
passionate, incredibly dedicated, and real ambassadors
forthe Greggs brand.

‘The Board devotes significant time to closely engage with
Greggs colleagues across the business and discusses the
feedback received with the executive management team.

By spending time with colleaguesin the business and visiting
our sites we receive direct feedback that makes for better
Board discussions. During the year the Board also spent

time with the new Chair of Greggs Foundation, Joanna
Dyson. Greggs Foundation provides essential help to

the communities where Greggs operates and, at atime
‘when this is needed more than ever, it has both our

support and admiration,

Inthe first half of 2022 Greggs achieved the National Equality
Standard accreditation, an industry-recognised standard for
diversity and inclusion. This wasa significant achievement,
following several years of improvement activity. Beingan
inclusive employer s entirely consistent with Greggs’
values-driven approach andin line with our Greggs Pledge
commitment for our colleague population toreflect the
‘communities in which we operate. The Boardis encouraged
by the strong progress being made inthis regard.

The Board

Directoron February 2022 and took over as Chief Executive
at the end of the Company's Annual General Meeting on 17 May
2022, Roger Whiteside stood down from the Boardaat that
point but remained available to support the transition process
Lntil5 January 2023. This process was expertly managed by
‘my predecessor as Chair lan Durant, andithas been
pleasure to see Roisin develop in the role of Chief Executive.
Roisin enjoys strong continuity in her executive team who
are alongside her driving delivery of the strategic plan.

As part of our ongoing plans to ensure smooth succession for
boardroles Lynne Weedall, who joined the Board in May 2022,
became Chair of the Remuneration Committee on
‘September 2022.

Following my appointment to the Boardin August 20221 took
onthe role of Chair on November foloinglan Durant’s
retirement. The Board had asked lanto stay nposition longer
than the UK Corporate Governance Code expectsin order

to provide continuity of leadership as we addressed Chief
Executive succession. Under lar's leadership Greggshas
‘enjoyed aperiod of outstanding performance, founded

‘ona strong trategicplan, which Ifully support. lanalso
championed significant improvements in diversity and
‘gender balance at senior levels, alegacy for which we
areimmensely grateful.

STRATEGICREPORT OIRECTORS'REPORT ACCOUNTS
Looking forward we are now preparing for the planned

retirement from the Board of Sandra Turner, Senior
Independent Director, and Helena Ganczakowski. In
anticipation of this we have announced the appointment of
Nige! Mils tothe Board. Nigel wll take on the role of Senior
Independent Director with effect from the Annual General
Meeting on 17 May 2023. The Nominations Committee has
‘commenced process torecruit further non-executive
director and we expect toreport progress inthe year ahead.

Further details of the Board's workare includedin the
‘governance and committee sections of the annual eport.

Dividend
tthe time of the interim results in August 2022 the Board
declared aninterim ordinary dividend of 15.0 pence per share
(2021: 18.0 pence). inline with our progressive ordinary
dividend policy and our target for the ordinary dividend to be
‘twice covered by earnings, the Boardintends torecommend
at the AGM afinal dividend of 44.0 pence per share (2021:
42.0 pence}, giving total ordinary dividend for the year of
59.0 pence(2021: 570 pencel.

Looking ahead
Greggsisa great business witha compelling value-driven
proposition and cash-generative business model. Despite
the current inflationary pressures, we havea clear strategy
and robust financial position underpinning our plans for
long-term growth. We remain confident in the long-term
potential of our business.

Matt Davies
Chai
7March 2023,

‘repgeple AnnualReport ecounts 2022

BUSINESS MODEL

WHAT WE DO

Manufacturing

We make great tasting, freshly prepared food that
customers can trust, inour own manufacturing centres
of excellence.

Logistics
‘We move products from our manufacturing sites to our
shops ourselves, helping to keep prices as low as possible.

Our people
‘We have more than 28,000 amazing colleagues, providing
our customers with the best experience every day.

Customer channels

With over 2,300 shops across the UK, delivery and
wholesale partnerships, and Click Collect, we can serve
‘our customers wherever, whenever and however they
‘choose throughout the day.

Customer relationships

Our colleagues provide fantastic service that makes our
customers shop withus time and time again. The Greggs.
Appand CRM systems allow us to build long-term
connections with our customers and reward their loyalty.

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT

OUR STRATEGIC PILLARS
Great tasting, freshly First class
prepared food ‘support teams
Best customer Competitive
experience ‘supply chain
KEY DRIVERS OF GROWTH

Growing and developing the Greggs estate
Through new shop openings, relocations and the next generation of
‘shop refits, our ambition sto reach significantly more than 3,000 shops.

Developing our digital channels
‘Through our digital channels. including delivery and Click + Collect,
weare able to compete more effectively atalltimes of day.

Expanding our evening trade

‘Through extending our tradinghours, exciting new additions to ourmenu
‘and everaging our existing customer channels, we are able tocompete
‘more effectively for food-on-the-go salesin the evening

Broadening customer appeal and driving loyalty

Through timely, effective customer communication via our Greggs App,
‘website and CRM system, we can communicate with our customers,
drive loyalty and bea brand considered by more people when they need
food-on-the-go.

Investing in our supply chain and systems for abigger business
We've transformed our supply chain and systemsinfrastructure toincrease
capacity and grow our digital capabilities.

HOW WE ADD VALUE TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS
Customers.

No.1

for Value on YouGov Brandindex 2022, within the

OSR, coffee shop and delivery services’

Colleagues

77%

‘engagement score in ourlatest,
colleague opinion survey.

‘Suppliers

93.5%

of invoices were paid to suppliers
within the terms agreed.

Shareholders

59.0p

paid inline with our progressive
dividend policy

Communities

£3.5m

of grants were awarded by the
Greggs Foundation.

PURPOSE QUALITY

+ Souree-YouGov Brander, 18+ UKNt.Rep.24,000+(it Jen- Sat Dee2)

10

CONVENIENCE VALUE SERVICE

‘THE GREGGS PLEDGE

Find out more about what makes us different on pages 18to.29 —>