a8 GREGGS PLC
camer munoer cos 028 5

WEDNESDAY |

NOH S3INvaNOO

THE RECIPE FOR SUCCESS

Greggs pic Annual Report and Accounts 2025

WELCOME

>) {FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS )

Our customers come back to Greggs again and again
because we offer thema delicious and exciting range

of great value products. Once again, their loyalty TOTAL SALES. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE” LUIKE-FOR-LIKE (LFL) SALES™
has helped us to outperform our competitors in the £2 °,
food-to-go market and generate record sales. Bl m 122 8 p 2 4 %

! | ° °
Our presence continues to grow. On average, we opened four 2024: £201 2024: 1575p

‘new shops a week in 2025, taking Greggs into new locations and
new communities across the UK. We now have more than 2,700
‘shops and are investing in our manufacturing sites and logistics

operations to ensure that we can supply up to 3.500 shops in PRE-TAX PROT ‘COLLEAGUE PROFT-SHARING TOTAL ORDINARY DIVIDEND
the ture

wmminmennengeeeenn || £T71.9m £20.2m 69.0p
what they wan. where they want anda price theycan aod, mn rim mmnnn mam
Raise Ceide tore cfr romance one S716

RoisinCurie

aed eaelations of aternae perfomance mensres, nat oherwige shown ine Accounts and eled Notes, re shown on pages S017
Chief Executive, 3 March 2026 Dieta mera chowninte rare own an pre

“* Yeavon-eargowthnihe-forthe sales companrmanaged shops exctuding ranches] ith more than one calendyers Wading story.

Seopentaaraye
cnet

-
NON-FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS »)
Branded packaging* moved
L&t OPRL
Greggs Outlet, helping to standard,
redistribute 45% of unsold
food to communities.
_
Published our
Responsible
Procurement Report,

setting a clear, transparent

X ——

supplier strategy.

+ Wintne exception othe inks cups.

Transitioned to using

Th

renewable electricity
inall of our operations,
continuing our journey
tonet zero.

rmureoeneronT —owecroRSEPoRT accounts
IN THIS REPORT

Strategic Report Directors’ Report

Financial ighgnts TFC BoardofUrectorsandSecretary 70
Non-financial highlights 1 Governance Report 7%
‘Raglance 2 Ourstakenoiders a
Year inreview “% Audit Committee Report 8
‘hairs Statement 3 Directors Remuneration Report 98
Business model 10 Statement of Directors
arkatreviw 7 Responsblities vo
(hiet Executives Report %

‘ur strategy 20 Accounts

Ourstrategy inaction 22 Independent Auditors Repor 121
iKeypertormanceindicators 32 Consolidatedincome statement 128
Our People 34 Consolidated statement of
Sustainability Report 42 comprehensiveincome we
The Greggs Pledge %2 Balance sheets
Task Force on Cimate-elated Statements ofchangesinequty 130
Financial Disclosures 48 Statements of cashflows 182
Financia review 57 Wotestothe accounts 4
Fiskmanagement 2 Teryearhistory 7%
Viability statement 69 Alternative performance measures 175

Secretary and advisers

178

Find out more about
The Greggs Pledge on
pages 42to45 andat

www.greggs.com/
doing-good

rege ple Art Repent and Recounts 2025

ATAGLANCE

BETTER
_ BUSINESS
FOR EVERYONE

With ownership of our supply chain, multiple service channels for our customers
and more than 2,700 shops across the UK, we are ina unique position to make

great tasting, freshly prepared food and drink accessible to everyone. Our teams

across the business are dedicated to providing our customers with great tasting OUR PURPOSE

food-on-the-go and the best experience, day in, day out.
To make great tasting, freshly prepared
food and drink accessible to everyone

OUR VISION

To be the customers’
favourite for food-on-the-go

We are amodern food-on-the-go retailer,
providing a wide menu of food and drink choices,
wherever and whenever our customers need us.

Manufacturing
In our manufacturing centres of excellence, we make great
tasting, freshly prepared food that our customers can trust.

Logistics

We move products from our manufacturing sites to

‘our shops ourselves, which helps us to keep our prices as
low as possible.

Our people

We have 33,000 amazing colleagues, working together to
provide our customers withthe best experience, offering
fast and friendly service, day in, day out.

Customer channels

With more than 2,700 shops ~ including over 600 with
franchise partners - our grocery partnerships with Iceland
Foods and Tesco, delivery service and Click + Collect, we are
available to serve customers wherever, whenever and
however they choose.

Customer relationships
Through our Greggs App, we are building long-term
connections with our customers and rewarding their loyalty.
Our Customer Relationship Management (CRM)systems.
allow us to talkto our customers on a one-to-one basis and
serve them personalised communication, with exclusive
offers and benefits for being an opted-in App customer.

HOW WE CREATE VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Rewarding our colleagues

COLLEAGUE We know that our people are our most
‘PROFTT-SHARING valuable asset, so we make sure that our
£20 2 colleagues are paid fairy, treated well, and
eI Siventne traning and opportunites they =
2004: €205m deserve. We believe all of our people should

SRATEGCREPORT RECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

share in our success. Every year, 10% of our
Profit is shared among our colleagues.

Read more about our people and culture on
pages 34to4,

Giving back to the communities we serve

DONATED TO THE Greggs has a proud reputation of giving back
GREGGS FOUNDATION and we are committed to doing the right
£3. 4m thing to help build stronger, healthier

' communities and to lead positive change.
2024: £31 ‘We donate toa wide range of charitable

causes, and every year, we give at least
1% of profit to our corporate charity,
‘The Greggs Foundation. Our donation,

along with support from our customers,
colleagues and partners, enabled the charity
to distribute £5.45 milion in 2025 to schools.
‘and charitable organisations in the UK.

Read more about The Greggs Pledge on
pages 421045,

Creating sustainable value for our shareholders
‘TOTAL ORDINARY DIVIDEND

2024: 680p

We always strive to be a good corporate
citizen and to treat everyone - our colleagues,
‘customers, suppliers, partners and
shareholders - with faimess, consideration
‘and respect.

‘As well 2s supporting our communities by
providing thousands of fairly paid jobs and
‘supporting anumber of charitable causes,
we are redoubling our efforts to make Greggs
great place to work. We want tobe an

inclusive employer that our colleagues
recommend to their friends.

‘We always set high standards for what we
purchase, with the aim of making things
better in our supply chain and working
collaboratively with our suppliers, so they
raise their game too.

Read more about our business model on.
pages 1Oand i.

cregenpl hoeparandtecouns202s

YEARIN REVIEW

Greggs crowned ‘Consumer
Choice’ winner at MCA
H I H I H wren
| I We started the year on high! Greggs proudly
tookhome the Consumer Choice Award the

MCA Hospitality Awards. Judged on customer
satisfaction, recommendations and experience,
this accolade celebrates our unwavering
commitment to delivering quality and value
every single day.

From raising funds for Children in Need
and The Greggs Foundation, to celebrating
award wins, opening new shops, our Chief
Executive Roisin being awarded a CBE,
launching exciting new products and
partnerships, and trialling innovative shop
formats ~ there's been so much to
celebrate and be proud of.

Feeding Brighter
Futures launches
to support children
beyond breakfast

The Greggs Foundation unveiled Feeding
Brighter Futures, an evolution ofits Breakfast
Club programme. This initiative now funds
breakfast, after-school and holiday provision
Clubs, ensuring children have equal access to
ood, learning and play.

Serving up bold,
new flavours

Our first vegetarian rotational bake launched
torave reviews! The Red Pepper, Feta&
Spinach Bake combined premium ingredients
‘and bold flavours, quickly becoming a
‘customer favourite. Rotational bakes et us
bring fresh, modern tastes to our core range
= proving Greggs really does have something
for everyone.

Roisin Currie honoured
with CBE

‘Aproud moment for Greggs when our Chief
Executive, Roisin Curie, was appointed
Commander of the Order ofthe British Empire
(CBE)in the King’ Birthday Honours List,
recognising her exceptional contribution to
hospitality. Roisin dedicated the honour to our
33,000 colleagues who serve our customers
briliantly every day.

STRATEOCREPORT RECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

Greggs goes global on
National Sausage Roll Day!

We unveiled the worlds first Greggs Sausage
Roll waxwork at Madame Tussauds London,
after research crowned ita top British cultural
icon. The event generated hundreds of media
stories worldwide, and public demand kept
the pastry masterpiece on display throughout
the summer months.

ss

crogent Amsienerandtecowns70es 5

‘YEAR IN REVIEW CONTINUED

Driving forward
sustainably

‘We opened our first Eco Drive-thru, trialling
novative features to reduce environmental
impact - from sustainable building materials
to energy-saving initiatives. This marks
bold step beyond our Eco-Shop concept.

AUTUMN

Lunch got an upgrade

We introduced the Big Deat meal offer,
iving customers even greater value and
choice witha three-part meal deal.
Combined with arefreshed sandwich range
and new protein-packed options, including
protein drinks and an egg pot - Greggs
remains the go-to for lunch.

Bag some joy with
Greggs at Tesco

We officially launched Greggs frozen range in
800 Tesco stores nationwide and online.

Customers can stock up on a variety of Greggs
‘goodies, including a twin pack of Steak Bakes
‘nd afour pack of Sausage Rolls, ready to bake
athome, straight from the freezer.

Greggs hits 2,700 shop
milestone!

the 2.700 shop milestone, ensuring Greggsis,
accessible to customers nationwide.

Our incredible shop development team opened an
average of four new shops a week throughout 2025.
With the support of our franchise partners, we hit

Greggs raises the bar
with its first pop-up pub

‘We love to surprise and delight customers. Inanew
collaboration with Fenwick, we opened The Golden
Flake Tavern - Greggs first pub. From carveries

‘and cocktails to puddings and pints (including two
limited-edition Greggs brews by Full Circle Brew Co.),
we proved our range is high-quality and ful of flavour.

We brought the magic
of Wicked to Greggs

From shop transformations and limited-edition

travel cups to themed packaging and our new

Greggs App Quests, this partnership with Universal

Pictures UK delivered immersive experiences
across all channels -a truly wicked duet.

Over £1 million raised for
BBC Children in Need

‘Thanks to our customers and colleagues - every
Pudsey product, donation, and creative fundraiser
helped make life brighter for children and young
people across the UK.

STRATEOCREPORT RECTORS REPORT —_ACCOLNTS.

A major milestone
for growth

We successfully completed the external build
phase of both our new frozen logistics and,
‘manufacturing facility in Derby and National
Distribution Centre in Kettering, ready to boost
‘supply chain capacity and support our
long-term expansion plans in 2026 and beyond.

Small but mighty!

‘We launched our first bitesize Greggs at
‘Sevenoaks railway station, offering a curated
range of bestsellers - from iconic savouries to
‘sweet treats and hot drinks. This agile format
canbe delivered from a very small footprint,
enabling us to enter more high-footfalllocations,
particularly travel hubs - many of which were
previously out of reach due to the size needed to
‘una traditional Greggs shop format.

‘repenpie AmnuaiRepenandtccounszars = 7

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

STRENGTH IN
A CHALLENGING

MARKET

Greggs outperformed a tough
market in 2025 and delivered the
continued strategic progress that
will support further growth in the
years ahead, demonstrating its
resilience. Our success is down to
the thousands of amazing people
who work in our business and the
energy they demonstrate every
day. We continue to be excited

by the many opportunities ahead
and our programme of investment
to support that ambition is
proceeding according to plan.

Matt Davies
Chair

A

Overview

Greggs benefits from a fantastic brand, strong market position
and attrack record of innovating to adapt to changing customer
needs. These unique strengths helped us navigate a challenging
food-to-go market in 2025, increasing share and maintaining
the competitiveness of our offer despite the headwinds. The
financial outcome reflected these market headwinds but has
been well-managed and has not distracted the team from the
significant opportunities that lie ahead as we continue to
innovate and evolve cur offer in ine with consumer preferences
and leverage the benefits of our vertically-integrated model
We also made good progress investing in the systems and
supply chain capacity that will help us to realise our ambition in
the years to come.

The Board's agenda for the year reflected this growth context,
and the need to manage risk in a competitive and challenging
environment. Cyber security and our plans to manage the

business during a period of significant systems change were both
infocus, particularly given the well-publicised issues faced by
other retailers. Technological change continues to accelerate
‘and the Board received updates from management on the work
being undertaken to increase the organisation's capability in
areas such as data analysis and the integration of Alinto our
business processes.

‘Asa ood business, our processes for allergen management
continued to be an area of Board focus, given the material
risk associated with this. Strong progress has been made and
the Board received updates on this work and the further
‘measures being taken to ensure that protection for our
customers continues to advance and remains at the centre
‘of how we operate.

The Greggs Pledge is our way of articulating our approach to
responsible business. Im incredibly proud ofthe progress that
Greggs has made over the past five years against ts original
five-year commitments. Quite apart from being the right thing
todo, this progress enhances our reputation with customers,
‘makes us a more attractive employer to our colleagues, and
reduces risk of reputational damage to the brand.

Our people and values

The Board works hard to stay close to our colleagues across the
business in order to listen to their feedback and ensure that we
are aware oftheir ideas and concerns. Our people offer their
Views freely and this openness, characteristic ofthe culture of
the business over so many years, isimportant in making sure that
Board members are cognisant of thisin our deliberations.

‘The Board's Tistening activity involves Directors visitng shops,
supply sites and support teams, as wellas attendance at forums
that help us to hear the impact of our plans on colleagues. This
helps the Board to question and support management and makes
us better equipped to make informed decisions.

The Board

‘The composition of the Board was unchanged during 2025. We
planned succession for Kate Ferry, who will retire from the Board
‘0n 6 March 2026 and for Mohamed Elsarky, who steps down after
the Annual General Meeting AGM}in May 2026. Both Kate and
‘Mohamed have made an exceptional contribution to Greggs.
Richard Smothers joined the Board on 1 February 2026 and will
assume the role of Chair of the Audit Committee following Kate's
retirement. Richard brings extensive financial expertise in listed
‘company environment and great experience in retail which will be
of significant benefit tothe business.

Further details of the Board's work are includedin the
Governance and Committee sections of this Annual Report.

Dividend

At the time of the interim results in July 2025 the Board
declared an interim ordinary dividend of 18.0 pence per share
(2024: 18.0 pence per share) nline with our ordinary dividend
Policy the Board intends to recommend at the AGM a final
dividend of 50.0 pence per share(2024: 50.0 pence per share),
giving a total ordinary dividend for the year of 69.0 pence per
‘share (2024: 69.0 pence per share).

Our capital allocation policy, as outlined in the Financial Review,
details our approach to distribution, and the methodology for
determining and returning any surplus cash to shareholders.

Looking ahead

Despite the challenging market conditions, the underlying
‘strengths of the business remain clear, and the breadth of
our appeal and value leadership have allowed us to continue to
outperform in a tough market. We expect consumer sentiment
to continue tobe a headwind in 2026, but witha strong
competitive position and a clear opportunity for further
growth Greggs can weather these conditions and continue
tooutpertorm the market.

Our investment plans are progressing well and will provide the
infrastructure with which to realise the significant growth
‘opportunity that ies ahead. At the same time, the Greggs team
Continues to demonstrate its ability to navigate the short-term.
challenges presented by the market. Our brand and financial
position remain strong and the Board remains confident in the
prospects for further profitable growth over the medium term.

Matt Davies.
Chair
‘3March 2026

STRATEGCREPORT —ORECTORSREPORT ACCOUNTS.

19.0p  50.0p

per share per share
interim ordinary final dividend
dividend

Gregaple aonaieportnatccounsra2s

BUSINESS MODEL

Our purpose...

To make great tasting, freshly prepared food and drink accessible to everyone

Our people...

33,000

amazing colleagues across our business

People are at the heart of everything we do. We have
over 33,000 amazing colleagues across our business,
in our shops, supply chain and central support teams,
and each and every one has an invaluable part to play
inour success.

Our colleagues work together to provide our
customers with the best experience every day. We
want to provide them with a great place to work,
where they feel valued, want to stay withus, and can
thrive and be the very best version of themselves.

..focus on our
core strategic pillars...

uauiry
Great tasting,

freshly prepared
food and drink

senvice
Best customer
experience

VALUE.

Competitive
supply chain

ENGAGE
First-class
support teams

...and continue to enhance our
offering and drive growth by...

1. Broadening customer appeal and
driving loyalty

2. Growing and developing the Greggs estate
3. Developing our digital channels
4. Expanding our evening trade

5. Investing in our supply chain and
technology for a bigger business

Find out more about our strategy on pages 20to 31.