Amman

ANOAUIAI 403

$99349 JU0W

aay pue yoday jenuuy 9/0 shbas9g

£70z sjuno:

O\) 2) ;

\S8 COS

WELCOME

rc

Roisin Currie
Chief Executive
SMarch2024

2023 was another year of rapid growth and
strong progress for Greggs. Our teams across
the business, whether in our shops, our
manufacturing sites, our distribution network,
orin Greggs House, continued to rise to the
challenge of servingmore customers through
‘more channels - working tirelessly to keep pace
with increased customer demand.

‘Two years into our exciting, ambitious five-year plan to
double sales by 2026 and to have significantly more than
'3,000 shops in the UK, our growth strategy is working,
The significant opportunities on which the strategy is
based will remain centre stage as we make Greggs more
accessible to even more customers

Despite inflation and the resulting cost-of-living pressure,
the resilience of the Greggs brand and the strength of our
underlying business means we kept on providing the great
value, tasty products and friendly service that our
customersiove us for.

am optimistic and excited about delivering our bold
five-year growth plans we continue on ourjourney to
become a significantly larger, multi-channel business.

GREGGS IS
FOR EVERYONE

IN THIS REPORT

Strategic Report Directors’ Report
20S highlights 1 Board of Directors and Secretary 66
Rta glance 2 Governance Report 68
Year inreview % Durstakeholders 75
hairs Statement % Audit Committee Report 0

Business model 10 Directors’ RemunerationReport 65

Market review 12 Statement of Directors

Thiet Executives Report 14 Responsibilities m

Ourstrategy a

Our strategy inaction 2% Accounts

Key performanceindicators 34 Independent Auditors Report 113

Our People 38 Consolidated income statement 19

Sustainability Report 4S Consolidated statement

The GreggsPledge 43 of comprehensive income 19

Task Force on Climat

Financial Disclosures 46

Financial review 54 Statements ofcash lows ‘123

Riskmanagement 58 Notestothe

= consolidated accounts 15
‘ternative performance
measures 164
Secretary and advisers 168

USING OUR COMPLETE REPORTING SUITE

‘Throughout this report you can findlinks to our complementary suite

of reporting by following these icons

s:

2 online at corporate.greggs.co.uk/investors

& inother Greggs publications

1G within another section of this report

Youcan also read our Annual Report online at

corporate.greggs.co.uk/investors.

ansnnus
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS*
‘TOTAL SALES DDLUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ‘LIKE-FOR-LIKE (‘LFL) SALES: PRE-TAX PROFIT ** COLLEAGUE PROFIT-SHARING — TOTAL ORDINARY DIVIDEND ‘SPECIAL DIVIDEND:

% 17.6m 62.0 0.0
£1,810m 123.8p" +13.7%" £167.7m £17.6m 0p 40.0p
2022: £1,513 million 2022: 1175p 2022: £148.3m profit 2022: £16.6m 2022: 59.0p 2022: nil
HIGHLIGHTS

a

MORE GREGGS FOR EVERYONE

InOctober 2021, we set out our ambitious plan ~

THE GREGGS PLEDGE

Our sustainability plan, The Greggs Pledge.

to double our sales by 2026 and have made
great progress against our 2023 targets.

Our four key growth drivers are the focus of
our plan and ensure we are able to serve our

focuses on how we are doing more to help
‘our communities, protect the planet and

work with our partners to change the world
for the better. Our latest Sustainability Report,

‘customers whenever, wherever and however

published alongside the Annual Report, is
they choose to shop withus. Ourstrategic available to view on our corporate website.
growth planis underpinnedby investment Readmore aout ou progress toward The Greggs
inour Supply Chain and technology and our Pledge commitmentsonpages 43te 5
ongoing commitment to doing good through

The Greggs Pledge.

Read more about our progress against our key growth

OUR PEOPLE

With 32,000 amazing colleagues, itis our
people that make our business successful
Itisimportant that we provide them witha
‘reat place to work, where they feel valued,
canbe the best version of themselves and
choose to stay with us,

Read more about how we ensure our colleagues are
tirmiyattheneart ofthe business inthe new"Our People’
‘sectiononpages 360428

Detaled catelationsof ternative Performance Measures. nototherwiseshowninthe Accountsandrelsed Notes. ae shownonpages'84and 65
Exclusingexceptionltens
Ute-fortkesaesincampany-managed shopslexiuingIranchisesiwithacalendaryearstracinghistory

Greppsple nual Report and counts 2023

1

ATAGLANCE

BETTER

BUSINESS FOR

EVERYONE

With ownership of our Supply Chain, multiple service
channels for our customers and 2,500 shops nationwide,
we are in a unique position to make great tasting, freshly
prepared food accessible to everyone. Our teams across
the business are dedicated to providing our customers
with great tasting food-on-the-go and the best
experience, day in, day out.

OUR PURPOSE
To make great tasting, freshly
prepared food accessible to everyone

OUR VISION
To be the customers’ favourite
for food-on-the-go

What we do

We are amodern food-on-the-go retailer, providing a wide menu of food and drink
choices wherever and whenever our customers needus throughout the day.

MANUFACTURING

Inour own food manufacturing centres of
excellence, we make great tasting, freshly
prepared food that our customers can trust,

LOGISTICS

We move products from our food manufacturing
sites to our shops ourselves, which helps us to
keep our prices as lowas possible.

OUR PEOPLE

We have 32,000 amazing colleagues, working
together to provide our customers with the best
experience, offering fast and friendly service,
dayin, day out.

CUSTOMER CHANNELS

With2,500 shops, including more than 500 with
franchise partners, our wholesale partnership,
delivery service and Click + Collect, we are
available to serve customers wherever,
whenever, and however they choose.

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

Through our Greggs App, we are building
long-term connections with our customers,

and rewarding their loyalty. Our Customer
Relationship Management(‘CRM’)systems allow
us to talk to our customers on a one-to-one basis
andto serve them evenbetter, with exclusive
offers and benefits for being an App customer.

STRATEOICREPORT RECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

Read The
Greggs Pledge
at CBeorporate.
9reggs.co.uk/
doing-good/

How we create value for our stakeholders

REWARDING

‘OUR COLLEAGUES

We know that our people are our most
valuable asset, so we make sure that our
colleagues are paid fairly, treated well, and
given the training and opportunities they
deserve. We believe all of our people should
share in our success. Every year, 10% of our
profits are shared among our colleagues.

COLLEAGUE PROFIT-SHARING

£17.6m

2022: £16.6m

GIVING BACK TO THE

COMMUNITIES IN WHICH WE SERVE
Greggs has a proud reputation of giving back.
Since John Gregg founded the business in 1939, we
have always tried to do the right thing tohelp build
stronger, healthier communities and to lead positive
change. We donate toa wide range of charitable
causes, and every year, we give at least 1% of profits
to.ourcorporate charity, The Greggs Foundation
ur donation, along with support from our
customers, colleagues and partners, enabled the
charity to distribute over €4 5 million in 2023 to
schools and charitable organisationsiin the UK.
Readmore

bout The Greggs Pledge onpages 43t0 452

‘DONATED TO THE GREGGS FOUNDATION

£2.6m

2022: £2.2m

CREATING SUSTAINABLE VALUE

FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS

We always strive to bea good corporate citizen andtotreat
everyone our colleagues, customers, suppliers, partners
and shareholders -with fairness, consideration, andrespect.
‘Aswellas supporting our communities by paying our taxes,
providing thousands of fairly-paidjobs and supportinga
number of charitable causes, we are redoubiing our efforts to
make Greggsa great place to work. We want tobe aninclusive
employer that our colleagues recommend to their friends.

We always set high standards for what we purchase, with the
‘aim of making things better in our supply chain and working
collaboratively wth our suppliers, sothey raise their game too.

Read more about ourbusiness model on @

ges 10a

62.0p  40.0p
2022: 59.0p 2022: nil

‘Graggeple Anni Report and coun 2025

YEARINREVIEW

A YEAR

FILLED WITH

FLAVOUR

From the annual publication of
The Greggs Pledge and raising
record amounts for Children in
Need and The Greggs Foundation,
to celebrating awards, new shop
‘openings, hitting key milestones
with our franchise partners and
expanding our delivery offer

with new partner Uber Eats -
there's alot to be proud of.

APRIL

Published our third annual
sustainability report,
The Greggs Pledge

We reported on our progress against our ten commitments
todo more to help people, protect the planet and work
with our partners to change the world for the better,
including a pledge to achieve net zero carbon, as we all
fight to save our planet from the threat of global warming.
Ourlatest report is available to view here:
Cicorporate.greggs.co.uk/doing-good/

Opened first shop
with Sainsbury's
at Biggleswade
petrol station

Building on our existing partnership

with Tesco, we were delighted to team
upwith Sainsbury's to bring anew type

of concession to customers atits petrol
stations. Throughout the year, we opened
a further four concessions with Sainsbury's,
including two in-shop café formats. In 2023,
we opened 22 shops in supermarkets and
will expand on this further in 2024.

MAY

MAY.

MAY

The Greggs Foundation
scoops the Corporate
Foundation Award

Our corporate charity The Greggs Foundation
received this award at the 2023 Business Charity
‘Awards. The Greggs Foundation’s Breakfast Clubs,
Hardship Programme and Community Funding
initiatives are delivering on our commitment to
build strongerhealthier communities. The charity
‘was recognised by the judging panel for havinga
‘clear focus and mission’ and showcasing creative
ways to tackle inequalities and reach those that
need support the most:

We celebrate two award
wins at The Sandwich and
Food to Go Industry Awards

‘As outlined in The Greggs Pledge, we work hard to provide

STRATEDICREPORT RECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

‘our customers with well-priced, tempting and tasty healthier

options. We were delighted that this was recognised at The
Sandwich and Food to Go Industry Awards(‘The Sammies’)

in 2023, where we not only won chain retailer of the year,

but also the healthy eating award for our Sweet Potato Bhaji

and Rice Salad Bowl. Thisis awarded tonew, interesting and

innovative healthy eating products, considering not only the

calories in the product, but taste, presentation and
commercial viability.

JULY & SEPTEMBER

Over £190,000 raised during
two Breakfast Club appeals
for The Greggs Foundation

Thanks to our colleagues, customers, partners
‘and the fantastic Greggs Foundation team, we
were able to raise an incredible amount during our
Breakfast Club appeals for The Greggs Foundation.
This willhelp to fund nutritious breakfasts for
children, who may otherwise go without, at one

of over 890 Breakfast Clubs across the UK.

le trout Report and Recounts 2023

5

YEARIN REVIEW CONTINUED

JULY

Greggs launches at
London Gatwick Airport

We were excited to open anew shop in Gatwick
Airport, marking our first airport site in London,
‘and eighth airport location in the UK.

‘Thisisa major milestone in our growth strategy,

‘as we look to expand beyond the high street to

key transport hubs across the UK. The shopis.
‘open 24 hours and sells our full menu, ranging from
breakfast deals, freshly-made sandwiches, salads,
bakes and sweet treats tohot food options suchas
Southern Fried Potato Wedges and Southern Fried
Chicken Goujons. Locatedat the South Terminal
Arrivals, the shop greets customers.as they walk
through the doors, offering a warm welcome tall

AUGUST

Bolton - home to our first
24-hour drive-thru

Since the launch of the first drive-thru sixyears ago,
this shop format has rapidly gained popularity, with
34 locations currently operational.

With 24-hour operations, the Bolton drive-thru
‘serves customers around the clock, particularly
catering to the needs of local shift workers.
Strategically positioned just off the MBI, it
‘exemplifies our focus on placing drive-thru shops.on
main arterial routes with significant traffic volume.

The drive-thru format is larger than Greggs’ standard
‘shopsand plays a pivotal roe in our multi-channel
operation, which incorporates digital channels,
delivery services, as well as in-store purchases.
Extended trading hours at these locations are part
of the Company's strategic growth plan, addressing
evolving consumer habits anid enhancing the evening
offer with a focus on pizza and hot food such as,
‘Southern Fried Chicken Goujons and Wedges.

OCTOBER

We welcome Uber Eats as
our second delivery partner

Aftera successful trial, we were delighted to rollout
the Uber Eats delivery platform across a number of
‘our shops. Together with Just Eat, delivery is now
available from more than 1,440 of our shops, helping
us to make Greggs even more accessible to our
customers.

NOVEMBER

NOVEMBER

Over £1 million raised
for BBC Children in Need

Now in our 17" year as partner, thanks to the
dedication of our colleagues and customers,
we're incredibly proud to have raised over
El million for BBC Children in Need in 2028.

From creative and entertaining fundraising
activities and generous donations, to our customers
enjoying Pudsey buns and biscuits, we are always
overwhelmed by the kindness and generosity shown
for this appeal.

Fourth savoury line installed at
Balliol Park manufacturing site

Key to ensuring we can grow our business smoothly and
efficiently is significant investment in our Supply Chain.
Our iconic sausage rolls and bakes are made at Balliol Park;
tohelp ensure we can keep up with customer demand

as we grow, we have installed afourth savouryline,

which, when fully operational, wll enable us to produce
four million additional bakes every week.

DECEMBER

DECEMBER

STRATEOCREPORT —ORECTORS REPORT ACCOUNTS

We opened our
500" franchise shop

We celebrated this big milestone with our franchise
partner MFG in Monktonhall, East Lothian. As we roll
‘out new shops across the country, with an increased
focuson targeting on-the-golocations that are
accessible by car, franchise partners will continue to
play acritical part in supporting our expansion plans.
Our franchise model now accounts for 20% of the
totalestate,

A festive season
we'll not forget

Fromannouncing the return of our iconic festive
bakes througha dedicated drone show, taking our
customers back in time with our ‘festive rewind’
music events to treating lucky diners toa
‘one-of-a-kind dining experience with abistro

‘twist through our partnership with Fenwick -
itwasa busy festive season that surprised and
delighted customers and showcased the innovative
spirit that sets our brand apart.

(ragga pl hnnuat Report and hecoumts 2023

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

STRONGER RESULTS
WITH A CLEARER

STRATEGY

It’s great to see the progress that Greggs
has made in 2023. Strong operational
delivery has resulted in arecord
financial performance and further
cemented our market position. The
clarity and execution of our strategy

positions Greggs well for the significant
opportunities that lie ahead as we invest

Matt Davies
Chair

Overview

Greggs delivered another strong performance in 2023,
‘making good progress against our strategic plan and further
strengthening the Company's position as aleader in the
food-to-go market. Ina period when the rising cost of living
was all too evident the Greggs value proposition shone
through and was reflected in growing customer visits

‘and record ratings for value-for-money.

‘The Board's activity inthe year reflects its oversight
of the Company's strategic development as well as the
maintenance of high standards of governance, with
‘oversight of risk management and returns a key focus given
ur significant capital expenditure plans. We have engaged
with management plans for the expansion of the shop estate,
franchise partnerships and the development of new digital
channels. To support the significant growth potential that
lies ahead the Board has scrutinised and approved plans for
further Supply Chain investment, which will unlock further
capacity in the years ahead. Risk management remains high
‘onour agenda and in 2023 the Board spent time with the
Company's advisers considering the external risk landscape
and the implications for our strategic risk register.

The sustainability of Greggs is founded on our responsible
approach to doing business. The Greggs Pledge sets out our
ambitions to be even better in the years ahead and we can
all fee|justly proud of our progress on this journey.

Our people and values

Greggs colleagues across the business have yet again
played a pivotalrole in the progress we continue tomake,
‘and! would like to thank them for their continued outstanding
contribution.

Itisimportant that the Board stays close tothe views of our
colleagues and Directors devote significant time to activity
that lets them hear first-hand what's on our people's minds.
Visits to shops, supply sites and support teams, as well as,
attendance at listening forums equip Directors tounderstand
the practicalimplications of our plans and challenge the
executive management team. Food development has also
been focus-asabusiness with food atitsheart the
fundamental evolution of our range to reflect changing
consumer tastes and health credentialsis critical andlam
proud ofthe progress that our teams continue to make.

The Board

‘Nige Mil joined the Boardin the first quarter of 2023 and
took on the role of Senior Independent Director with effect
from the annual general meeting(AGM}on 17 May 2023. We
said farewell to Sandra Turner, Senior Independent Director,
and Helena Ganczakowski, following their planned retirement
from the Board. Both have made significant contributions to
the strategic repositioning of Greggs and depart knowing that
theyhave eft the businessin great shape. The Nominations
Committee is looking to recruit a further Non-Executive
Director and we expect to report progress in the year ahead.

Further details of the Board's work are included in the
Governance and Committee sections of this Report.

Ina period when the rising

cost of living was all too

evident the Greggs value
proposition shone through

and was reflected in growing
customer visits and record
ratings for value-for-money. id

Dividend

At the time of the interim results in August 2025 the Board
declared an interim ordinary dividend of 16.0 pence per share
(2022: 16.0 pence per share). inline with our progressive
ordinary dividend policy and our target for the ordinary
dividend to be twice covered by earnings, the Board intends to
recommendat the AGM a final dividend of 48.0 pence per share
(2022: 44.0 pence per share), giving atotal ordinary dividend for
the year of 62.0 pence per share(2022: 68.0 pence per share).

Our capital allocation policy, as outlinedin the Financial
Review, details our approach to distributionand the
methodology for determining and returning any surplus
cash to shareholders. In application of this policy the Board
has approved. special dividend of 40.0 pence per share.

SSTRATEOICREPORT —ORECTORSREPORT ACCOUNTS

Looking ahead

lam proud of Greggs’ achievements in 2028 and confidentin
the plans that we have for the year ahead. Our clear strategy,
great team, powertul product proposition and robust
financial health position us well for further success as

we invest in our plans for long-term growth.

Matt Davies
Chair
‘SMarch2024

‘GreppspteAanalReportand Accounts 2023

BUSINESS MODEL

OUR PURPOSE
To make great tasting, freshly prepared food accessible to everyone

—————

Our people. focus on our
y) four strategic pillars. enhance our offering b

3 | Great tasting, Growing and developing
‘amazing colleagues across our business freshly prepared food the Greggs estate

QUALITY

Developing our digital channels
People are at the heart of everything
we do. We have 32,000 amazing Best customer
colleagues across our business -in our Pp Expanding our evening trade
shops, Supply Chain and central support SERVICE
teams, and each and every one has an
invaluable part to play in our success. - .
Competitive Broadening customer appeal

Our colleagues work together to provide ‘Supply Chain and driving loyalty
our customers with the best experience
every day. We want to provide them with a a .
a great place to work, where they feel Investing in our Supply Chain and
valued, want to stay with us, and are able First-class  - technology for a bigger business
to thrive and be the very best version of support teams
themselves.

ENGAGE