Appointment of Non-Executive Director Greggs PLC 29 July 2025 29 July 2025 Greggs PLC Appointment of Non-Executive Director & Audit Committee Chair The Board of Greggs plc announces that it has appointed Robert Moorhead as an independent Non-Executive Director, with effect from 1 st October 2025. Robert will become Chair of the Audit Committee and join the Nominations and Remuneration Committees. Kate Ferry, Non-Executive Director and current Chair of the Company's Audit Committee, will retire from the Board at the end of August 2025. Kate has made an exceptional contribution to the Board and to the development of the business, including playing a critical role advising on financing options during and following the pandemic. Robert was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of WH Smith plc before retiring from the Board in November 2024 and is also a Non-Executive Director of Watches of Switzerland Group plc, where he chairs the Audit Committee. Matt Davies, Chair of Greggs, said "Kate has played a key role on the Board of Greggs and I would like to take this moment to thank her for her exceptional contribution over the last six years. Whilst we are very sorry to see her go, we are delighted that Robert has accepted our invitation to join the Board. His financial expertise in a listed company environment, together with his significant experience in retail will be of great benefit to our business". There are no other matters required by UKLR 6.4.8R to be disclosed in relation to Robert Moorhead. ENDS ENQUIRIES: Greggs PLC Roisin Currie, Chief Executive Richard Hutton, Chief Financial Officer David Watson, Head of IR Hudson Sandler Wendy Baker / Hattie Dreyfus / Emily Brooker Tel: 0191 281 7721 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com Tel: 020 7796 4133 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and