Greggs Publishes Sustainability Report For 2024 Greggs PLC 16 April 2025 GREGGS PUBLISHES SUSTAINABILITY REPORT FOR 2024 16 April 2025: Greggs today releases its latest sustainability report - The Greggs Pledge - marking further progress against its five-year sustainability plan. Launched in 2021 and aligned with the ambitions of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), The Greggs Pledge focuses on ten commitments to help make the world a better place by the end of 2025, and beyond, centred on three key pillars: 1. Building stronger, healthier communities 2. Making the planet safer 3. Becoming a better business. Greggs made significant progress in tackling food insecurity this year, marking the milestone opening of the 1,000 th Greggs Foundation Breakfast Club, which now provides free, nutritious breakfasts to over 75,000 schoolchildren across the UK, every school day. The Company also reached the milestone of donating the equivalent of one million meals to FareShare during its ten-year partnership and expanded its network of Outlet shops to 38 locations. Other key sustainability efforts saw Greggs secure a top four ranking among 150 of the world's largest food companies in the Business Benchmark on Farm Animal Welfare (BBFAW), as well as introducing industry-first heat-resistant, recycled PET (rPET) hot drink lids. Roisin Currie, Chief Executive at Greggs commented: "We're extremely proud of The Greggs Pledge, which focuses our business on making meaningful impact where it matters most. We're delighted to be on track with the majority of our targets and remain committed to evolving our initiatives based on new insights and stakeholder priorities. Looking ahead, we are now shaping the next phase of The Greggs Pledge to drive even greater impact. We want to build on the progress we have made and focus on redefining our goals for the next five years. Our full roadmap will be outlined in our next Sustainability Report, set for release in 2026." Greggs has assessed the progress made during 2024 against its sustainability targets and has set out clear targets to achieve by the end of 2025: 1. By the end of 2025: Open 1,000 school Breakfast Clubs, providing 70,000 meals each school day · Progress in 2024: 1,015 Breakfast Clubs fed more than 75,000 children every school day. · 2025 target: Maintain support for the schools in the Greggs Foundation Breakfast Club programme ahead of the transition to universal provision announced by the Government. 2. By the end of 2025: Create 25% less food waste than in 2018 and continue to work towards 100% of surplus food going to those most in need · Progress in 2024: Greggs further reduced the cost of manufacturing waste to 0.2% of sales and increased redistribution of unsold food to 45%. Greggs successfully trialled light van collections of surplus food. · 2025 target: Greggs will increase unsold food redistribution to 47% and will maintain cost of manufacturing waste at 0.20% of sales. 3. By the end of 2025: Have 50 Outlet shops providing affordable food in areas of social deprivation · Progress in 2024: Greggs has 38 Outlet shops. · 2025 target: Greggs plans to open seven Outlet shops to take the total number to 45 . 4. By the end of 2025: 30% of the items on Greggs' shelves will be heathier choices · Progress in 2024 : Maintained over 30% of its range as 'Healthier Choice' products. · 2025 target: Greggs will continue to maintain its ranging principles to ensure 30% of its offering are 'Healthier Choice' items. 5. By the end of 2025: Progress towards Net Zero target by using 100% renewable energy across all of operations · Progress in 2024 : 60% of the gas used across operations is from renewable sources. We converted our Enfield distribution depot to use hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO) as a diesel replacement, meaning we covered over two million miles using a renewable fuel option. We developed our policy to deal with non-renewable electricity usage in serviced locations. · 2025 target : Increase HVO use across our fleet to 30% of fuel requirement. 6. By the end of 2025: 25% of shops will feature elements from Greggs' Eco-Shop 'shop of the future' design · Progress in 2024: Over 700 shops ( 27% of estate) feature Eco-Shop elements. · 2025 target: Continue to roll out existing Eco-Shop elements across 30% of the estate. 7. By the end of 2025: Use 25% less packaging, by weight, than in 2019 and any remaining packaging will be made from material that is widely recycled · Progress in 2024: All but two ( 98.3% ) items of our own brand packaging can be more easily recycled. We reduced the amount of packaging used within our Supply Chain by moving to bulk supply or reusable containers, where options were available. 2025 target : Move remaining own brand packaging to be ' easily recyclable '. 8. By the end of 2025: Our workforce will reflect the communities we serve · Progress in 2024 : Our core development programmes , aimed at supporting our potential future management colleagues, are representative of the ethnic diversity in our regional talent pools. · 2025 target : Complete National Equality Standard (NES) reassessment and successfully maintain accreditation. 9. By the end of 2025: Launch a Responsible Sourcing Strategy and report annually on progress towards its targets · Progress in 2024: 100% declared soy in our own operations is certified as sustainable. We are working with meat, egg and dairy suppliers to move all soy in animal feed to be from sustainable sources by the end of 2025. We are using wheat from a regenerative farmed source in our wholemeal bread production. · 2025 target: Continue to work with meat, egg and dairy suppliers to move 100% of soy in animal feed to sustainable sources. 10. By the end of 2025: Secure and maintain Tier 1 in the BBFAW Animal Welfare standard · Progress in 2024: We further improved our chicken welfare standards, with 86.6% reared at a stocking density of less than or equal to 30kg/m 2 and the remainder at less than or equal to 38 kg/m 2 . We published and implemented our Chicken Welfare Standard within our Farm Animal Welfare Standard. We secured a top four ranking among 150 of the world's largest food companies in the Business Benchmark on Farm Animal Welfare (BBFAW). · 2025 target : Ensure stocking densities of a maximum of 30kg/m 2 for 100% of our chicken sourcing. The Greggs Pledge is available on the Greggs corporate website: click here -ENDS- ENQUIRIES: Hudson Sandler Rebekah Chapman / India Laidlaw Tel: 020 7796 4133 Email: greggs@hudsonsandler.com Notes to Editors: Greggs is a leading UK food-on-the-go retailer with more than 2,600 shops nationwide and approximately 33,000 employees across the business. The company was founded in 1939 by John Gregg, then delivering fresh eggs and yeast, by pushbike, to the families of Newcastle. Greggs has since grown to become a nation's-favourite and much-loved British brand. Greggs has always been committed to doing the right thing by its people, partners and the communities it serves. The Greggs Breakfast Club, launched in 1999, provides schoolchildren with free wholesome breakfasts each school day and today supports over 75,000 children through more than 1,000 Breakfast Clubs, across the UK. These, and many more initiatives, are supported through the Greggs Foundation , our dedicated grant-making charity that aims to build stronger, healthier communities in the areas we operate. As a food-on-the-go retailer, Greggs continues to specialise in daily fresh shop-made sandwiches, and savouries baked fresh in the shop ovens throughout the day. These are further complemented by popular products and ranges including freshly ground coffee, breakfast, confectionery and evening menu items. Greggs also offers a number of vegan-friendly products across all dayparts and a healthier options range which includes lower calorie products such as salads and flatbreads. Greggs has a delivery partnership with both Just Eat and UberEATS enabling customers to enjoy their Greggs favourites via order and delivery. Greggs' Click + Collect offering provides customers with the ability to select their shop and collection time slot of choice and allows them to order a range of Greggs products in advance, ready for collection when they arrive at our shops. Through the Greggs App and its enhanced loyalty proposition, customers can earn stamps and rewards across all menu categories, on both walk-in and Click + Collect purchases. Deployment of its Customer Relationship Management capabilities allow teams to talk to customers like never before and give additional and personalised services and offers across multiple channels. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and