BETA Close X Greggs plc announced that Roisin Currie, Chief Executive and a person discharging managerial responsibility, was granted options over 89,755 ordinary shares on 13 May 2026 under the Company's Performance Share Plan. These options have an exercise price of £nil per share and are subject to performance conditions, with the notification being delayed due to a change in personnel. Disclaimer* Greggs PLC 22 June 2026 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them Greggs plc (the " Company ") announces the following transaction by a person discharging managerial responsibility (" PDMR ") in ordinary shares of the Company with a nominal value of £0.02 (" Shares "). The notification was delayed due to change in personnel. Roisin Currie acquired options over 89,755 Shares pursuant to the Company's Performance Share Plan. The options were granted with an exercise price of £nil per Share and their exercise are subject to performance conditions. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated (a) Name Roisin Currie 2 Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Chief Executive / PDMR (b) Initial notification /amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor (a) Name Greggs plc (b) LEI 213800I71QMUFJ64IW20 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary £0.02 shares Identification code GB00B63QSB39 (b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Options over 89,755 ordinary shares with an exercise price of £Nil (c) Price(s) and volume(s) N/A (d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A (e) Date of the transaction 13 May 2026 (f) Place of the transaction N/A This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Thungela Resources Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago EKF Diagnostics Holdings 1 hour ago Touchstone Exploration Inc NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Predator Oil & Gas Holdings NPV 1 hour ago Pershing Square Holdings Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and