Across The Markets: Vodafone, Greggs, Intertek 2026-05-12 09:48:42 (3 months ago) Related Companies: Vodafone Group (VOD) , Intertek Group (ITRK) , Greggs (GRG) Vodafone Despite the strong progress being reported by telecoms giant Vodafone in today’s full year results , it seems as if investors had been hoping for more. Having completed a three year transformation plan, the company is now simpler and management believe easier to scale for profitability. The losses of 2025 have been flipped to a healthy profit, EBITDAaL came in at the top end of the guided range and the belief is that more growth lies ahead, but regardless the stock struggled. The Vodafone share price was down almost 4% shortly after the open. Intertek The takeover saga continues for Intertek with EQT making a final offer for the business at an equivalent of £61.77 per share. That represents a 59% premium from the last traded price before the offer became public and the ball is now very much in Intertek’s court. EQT hopes for quick progress to be made and investors appear to be gaining optimism too. The Intertek share price was up 5% in early trade. Greggs The high street baker to fast food restaurant has this morning issued an update covering the first 19 weeks of the trading year. A solid performance has been seen, helped by product innovation, the successful launch of a new distribution hub and positive sales momentum as the value proposition continues to appeal. Whilst there are some inflation concerns cited for later this year and on into next, these will be felt across the industry and investors appear happy to focus on the short term. The Greggs share price was 4% higher at 8.30am. Most read news on Investegate this morning FY26 Preliminary Results - - Vodafone Group (VOD) Trading Update - - Greggs (GRG) Statement regarding a Proposed Offer for Picton - - LondonMetric Property (LMP) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: BHP, JD Sports Fashion, Oxford Nanopore 17-08-2026 (1 day ago) Related Companies: JD Sports Fashion (JD.) , BHP Group Limited NPV (DI) (BHP) , Oxford Nanopore Technologies (ONT) 17 August 2026 Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and