BETA Close X Greggs PLC announced on November 5, 2025, that its Finance Director, Richard Hutton, sold 7,438 ordinary shares at a price of £15.71 per share on November 4, 2025, on the London Stock Exchange. This transaction, with an aggregated price of £15.714757, was explicitly conducted to fund income tax liabilities following the exercise of Performance Share Plan (PSP) options. Hutton retained the balance of his PSP option shares, indicating the sale was for tax purposes rather than a broader divestment. This disclosure provides transparency regarding PDMR share movements, with the stated reason for the sale likely mitigating any significant negative market impact on the stock price. Disclaimer* Greggs PLC 05 November 2025 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated (a) Name Richard Hutton 2 Reason for the notification (a) Position/status Finance Director / PDMR (b) Initial notification /amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor (a) Name Greggs plc (b) LEI 213800I71QMUFJ64IW20 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted (a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary £0.02 shares Identification code GB00B63QSB39 (b) Nature of the transaction Sale of ordinary shares to fund income tax liability following exercise of PSP options. Balance of PSP option shares retained. (c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume £15.71 7438 (d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 7438 ordinary shares £15.714757 (e) Date of the transaction 4 November 2025 (f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greggs (GRG) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 14 hours ago CloudCoco Group 14 hours ago Petrotal Corporation NPV (DI) 14 hours ago Integrated Diagnostics Holdings 14 hours ago Inchcape 15 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and