Notice of Capital Markets Event Rank Group PLC 14 August 2025 The Rank Group Plc LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 14 August 2025 The Rank Group Plc ('Rank' or the 'Group') Notice of Capital Markets Event The Rank Group Plc ('Rank' or the 'Group') announces that it will be hosting a Capital Markets Event for institutional investors and analysts at 10:00 GMT on Wednesday 22 October 2025 at its newly refurbished Victoria Casino, 150-162 Edgware Road, London, W2 2DT. The event will be hosted by Rank's management team and will consist of presentations from a range of speakers from across the Grosvenor Casinos business. They will provide insight into the Grosvenor business, set within the context of the Group's strategy, and will include details relating to the land-based casino reforms which passed into law in July 2025. The presentations will be followed by an opportunity to ask questions of the wider management team. The presentation materials will be available on Rank's corporate website following the conclusion of the event and can be accessed at: https://www.rank.com Ends Contacts: The Rank Group Plc David Williams - Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations Tel: +44 1628 504 295 Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and