Publication of Key Statutory Instruments Rank Group PLC 14 May 2025 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 14 May 2025 The Rank Group Plc ('Rank' or the 'Group') UK Government publishes key Statutory Instruments to enable land-based casino reforms On 12 May 2025, the Government published three Statutory Instruments (SIs) to enable the land-based casino reforms in the Government's review of the 2005 Gambling Act. Very positively, the Statutory Instruments identify 22 July as the date on which the increase to the number of gaming machines and the opportunity to provide sports betting will be permitted in casinos in England and Wales. We now expect that we will add 882 gaming machines to our current Grosvenor estate of 1,367 machines over the coming months, the timing of which will be subject to completion of variation applications for our casino licences. The total opportunity within our current estate is 3,112 machines, requiring investment in our casinos that we would expect to gradually complete over the next two to three years. Rank will engage with government officials in Scotland as we work towards ensuring that our Scottish casinos can also benefit from the reforms at the earliest opportunity. John O'Reilly, Chief Executive of The Rank Group Plc said: "The publication of the Statutory Instruments for land-based casino reforms is very good news for Rank. The modernisations will enable us to improve the Grosvenor customer proposition, helping to grow jobs and generating investment in local communities. We have a detailed roadmap of investments which we will now accelerate as we begin to roll out these reforms over the coming months." As previously notified, Rank will announce its preliminary results for the 12 months ending 30 June 2025 on 14 August 2025. Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - corporate affairs & investor relations Tel: +44 1628 504 295 Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and