Land-based legislative reforms consultation Rank Group PLC 16 May 2024 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 16 May 2024 The Rank Group Plc ('Rank' or the 'Group') Publication of the Government's response to the land-based legislative reforms consultation Rank welcomes today's publication of the Government's response to the land-based consultation launched in July 2023. Today's announcement represents good progress and another important step closer to the passing of secondary legislation which will enable Rank's Grosvenor Casinos and Mecca Bingo venues to better meet the needs of our customers. The legislative process to deliver the land based reforms now commences with the Government announcing that six regulations will be laid before Parliament. Th e increase in the number of gaming machines permitted in 1968 Act casinos from the current maximum of 20 per licence to up to 80 machines will result in Grosvenor Casinos broadly doubling B1 gaming machine numbers from 1,361 currently. We intend to add the first c. 700 machines during FY25, with further machines being added in the following years in line with property refurbishments, extensions and relocations. Sports betting will be permitted in all casinos and we will be introducing various sports betting concepts in a number of Grosvenor venues. We welcome the Government's commitment to removing the prohibition on direct debit card payments on gaming machines, alongside the introduction of appropriate player protections, and will now work closely with the Gambling Commission to ensure that customers are able to benefit from this change at the earliest opportunity. In land-based bingo, the introduction of a 2:1 ratio in clubs, allowing operators to site two Category B3 machines for each Category C or D machine, will enable us to increase our current Category B3 cabinet numbers by c. 500 machines. This change will allow us to gradually remove ageing, reel-based machines from our Mecca estate. Overall, the Government's policy will enable us to reduce the number of cabinets across our Mecca estate. John O'Reilly, Chief Executive of The Rank Group Plc said: "Today's Government response to the land-based consultation is good news for Rank. Providing the legislation is on the statute books by recess in late July, we are looking forward to improving the customer proposition in our venues with a roadmap of investments and improvements in the months and years that follow. The legislative modernisations cannot come a moment too soon, so we are pleased with the progress contained in today's announcement." Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - corporate affairs Tel: +44 7976 180 236 Sarah Powell - investor relations Tel: +44 1628 504 303 Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and