BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc announced that Karen Whitworth will be stepping down from the Board as Senior Independent Director effective 31 August 2026, after serving since November 2019. Keith Laslop will assume the role of interim Audit Committee Chair from 1 September 2026, having been a Non-Executive Director since September 2023. An independent search is underway to find a replacement for Ms. Whitworth, and the Senior Independent Director position will be filled in due course. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 24 July 2026 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 24 July 2026 The Rank Group Plc Board Update The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or the "Group") announces that Karen Whitworth has informed the Board that she will be standing down from the Board after the year end results, with effect from 31 August 2026, to focus on her other business commitments. Karen has served on the Rank Board since November 2019 and was appointed Senior Independent Director in January 2022. She has been responsible for the recruitment of the current Chair, John Ott, his subsequent integration into the Group and supported the process to appoint Richard Harris as Chief Executive Officer, who was confirmed earlier this month. An independent search process to identify Karen's replacement has commenced . From 1 September 2026, Keith Laslop will become the interim Audit Committee Chair. Keith has served as a Non-Executive Director of Rank and a member of the Audit Committee since September 2023. He has extensive knowledge of Rank's business and is a Chartered Professional Accountant. The Senior Independent Director role will be filled in due course. John Ott commented: "I would personally like to thank Karen for her guidance and support during my first year as Chair. Also, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Karen for her service and invaluable contribution to the business since joining the Board in 2019. We wish her all the best in her future endeavours." This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6(R). Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Corporate affairs & investor relations david.williams@rank.com Chloe Barry - Group company secretary chloe.barry@rank.com Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 7768 216607 Matthew Young Tel: +44 7929 396411 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and