BETA Close X Rank Group PLC announced that after serving 6 years as Chair and over 8 years on the Board, Alex Thursby will step down at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on October 15, 2025, and will not stand for re-election. The process to identify a replacement is well advanced, with an announcement expected in the next couple of months. In the interim, Senior Independent Director Karen Whitworth will serve as Interim Chair, Lucinda Charles-Jones will be the Interim Senior Independent Director, and Keith Laslop will be the Interim Audit Committee Chair. Thursby initially joined Rank as a Non-Executive Director in August 2017 and was appointed Chair in October 2019. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 18 September 2025 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 18 September 2025 The Rank Group Plc ('Rank' or the 'Group') Board Update The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or "Rank Group" or "Company") announces that, after 6 years as Chair of Rank and over 8 years on the Board, Alex Thursby has informed the Board that he does not intend to stand for re-election at the Company's Annual General Meeting ("AGM") on 15 October 2025 and, at the conclusion of the AGM, Alex will step down from the Board. A process to identify Alex's replacement is well advanced and the Group is close to making an appointment with an announcement expected within the next couple of months. In the interim period, Rank's Senior Independent Director, Karen Whitworth, will stand in as Interim Chair. Lucinda Charles-Jones will be the Interim Senior Independent Director, with Keith Laslop the Interim Audit Committee Chair. Alex Thursby joined Rank as a Non-Executive Director in August 2017 and was appointed Chair in October 2019. With the Group having recently published a strong set of full year results and now embarking on the next phase of its strategic roadmap, which includes the legislative reforms for land-based casinos that were confirmed earlier this year, Alex has successfully completed his tenure of office and leaves the Company on an excellent trajectory to deliver further and sustainable long-term growth. Alex Thursby said: "I have been privileged to serve as chair of the Board of Rank for almost six years and have enjoyed the role enormously. For a number of months now I have been reflecting on this exciting inflection point for Rank, with the long-awaited legislative reforms for casinos now being implemented and a digital business which is beginning to scale, and I believe now is the right time to step down. I do so with a combination of pride in the progress we have made, including in terms of governance processes and procedures, and also with confidence that Rank is in excellent shape to write the next exciting chapter of its rich history." John O'Reilly, Chief Executive Officer, said: "Alex has been a committed and talented Chair, combining wise counsel, considerable experience and thoughtful leadership. I would like to thank him personally for his unwavering support and for his dedication to the Rank Group and to its stakeholders. Our recent successes and outlook are due in no small part to his sure-footed guidance and invaluable leadership." Karen Whitworth, Senior Independent Director said: "Alex has made a significant contribution to the Rank story. His experience and expertise have been highly valued by all Board members, and the Board offers him its thanks and very best wishes for the future. I will be pleased to serve as the Interim Chair, following next month's AGM, and look forward to announcing a permanent successor to Alex very soon thereafter." Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com Brian McLelland - Group Company Secretary brian.mclelland@rank.com Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and