BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc has announced the appointment of Cliff Baty as interim Chief Financial Officer, effective February 23, 2026. Baty brings extensive experience as a CFO in listed leisure and gaming businesses, having previously served as CFO of Manchester United plc from 2016 to 2024, CFO of Sportech plc from 2013 to 2016, and Financial Director of Ladbrokes plc for eight years. His expertise includes strategic planning, investor relations, and international operations, which are expected to be valuable to the Group. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 17 February 2026 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 17 February 2026 The Rank Group Plc Appointment of interim Chief Financial Officer The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or "the Group") is pleased to announce that Cliff Baty has been appointed as interim Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), effective from 23 February 2026. Cliff will join the Group's Executive Committee. Cliff is a highly experienced CFO with deep expertise in strategic and financial planning, investor relations, financial controls, international business operations, and stakeholder management, built across listed leisure and gaming businesses. Cliff was appointed CFO of Manchester United plc in 2016, a position which he held for over 8 years, until 2024. Prior to that he was CFO of Sportech plc from 2013 to 2016, an appointment which followed an 8 year period as Financial Director of Ladbrokes plc. Contacts The Rank Group Plc David Williams Director of Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations (inc. media enquiries) david.williams@rank.com FTI Consulting LLP Ed Bridges Tel: 020 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: 020 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and