Directorate Change Rank Group PLC 02 December 2024 2 December 2024 The Rank Group Plc LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 Directorate changes The Rank Group Plc ("Rank" or the "Company") announces the appointment of Mr. Christian Nothhaft as a non-executive director with immediate effect. Alex Thursby, Rank's chairman, said "I am pleased to welcome Christian Nothhaft to the Rank board. Christian brings a wealth of international and strategic experience to the Board and his knowledge of digital transformation is welcomed." Further to the announcement made on 2 December 2024, Mr. Chew Seong Aun will be retiring from the board with immediate effect. The Board thanks Mr. Chew for his valuable contribution to the Group during his tenure of office. Biography of Mr. Christian Nothhaft Mr. Christian Karl Nothhaft has been an Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of Guoco Group Limited from 15 April 2024. Mr. Nothhaft graduated from Munich University of Applied Science in Germany with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Hospitality and Tourism Management. He also holds a Human Resources / Payroll Management Degree from DGFP (German Association for Human Resource Management) and has attended the Harvard University Young Presidents Organisation (YPO) Program. Mr. Nothhaft has extensive experience in business management and advisory, strategic planning, retail, consumer products, network rollouts, e-commerce, digital transformation, people management, ESG and compliance. Previously , Mr. Nothhaft was the Chief Executive Officer of Watsons Personal Care Stores, China and the managing director of Watsons Wine and Fortress Hong Kong. Before that, he was the regional managing director of Movenpick (Asia Restaurants Group). Mr. Nothhaft serves as a non-executive director of Lam Soon (Hong Kong) Limited (a Hong Leong Group subsidiary listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited). He is currently an independent non-executive director and a member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committees of DFI Retail Group Holdings Limited ( with primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and secondary listings in Singapore and Bermuda ) . Mr Nothhaft holds and/or has held the following directorships in other publicly quoted companies in the past five years: Company № Company Name Position From To Listing EC-15590 Guoco Group Limited Executive Director and Chief Executive O fficer 15 April 2024 Present Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 01174147 Lam Soon (Hong Kong) Limited Non-Executive Director 18 April 2024 Present Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 12293 DFI Retail Group Holdings Limited Independent Non-Executive Director 30 November 2021 Present Primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and secondary listings in Singapore and Bermuda There is no further information which would require disclosure under 6.4.8R of the UK Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority. Ends Contacts: The Rank Group Plc David Williams - Director of Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations Tel: 44 + 1628 504 303 FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and