BBGI Global Infrastructure FTSE Russell 20 May 2025 BBGI Global Infrastructure (UK): Constituent Deletion Changes in FTSE UK Index Series 20 May 2025 Following the cash offer for BBGI Global Infrastructure (UK, constituent) being declared unconditional, please see details of affected indexes and effective dates below: BBGI Global Infrastructure (UK, B6QWXM4) will be deleted from the F TSE 250 I ndex. Rank Group (UK, B1L5QH9) will be added to the FTSE 250 Index and deleted from the FTSE SmallCap Index. All changes effective 23 May 2025. Full details of index changes are available on the FTSE Russell website. For further information please contact FTSE Russell Client Services at info@ftserussell.com or call: Australia +61 (0) 2 7228 5659 Hong Kong +852 2164 3333 Japan +81 3 6441 1430 London +44 (0) 20 7866 1810 New York +1877 503 6437 Alternatively, please visit our website at lseg.com/ftse-russell Terms of Use | Copyright © 2025 FTSE Russell This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) BBGI Global Infrastructure S.A. NPV (DI) (BBGI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 42 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and