BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc has announced the publication of its 2026 Annual Report and Accounts, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting and a Form of Proxy. These documents are available on the company's website and have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism for inspection, as well as sent to shareholders according to their preferences. The company's AGM is scheduled to take place on Thursday, 8 October 2026. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 08 September 2026 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 8 September 2026 The Rank Group Plc 2026 Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank") has today published the following documents on its website www.rank.com : 1. 2026 Annual Report and Accounts (the "Annual Report"); 2. Notice of 2026 annual general meeting ("AGM"); and 3. Form of Proxy. In accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.1R, the published documents have also been submitted and will shortly be available for inspection at the National Storage Mechanism ("NSM") https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . In addition, the published documents have been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders in line with their preference. The regulated information required to be communicated to the media under Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 6.3.5R(1A) is available in unedited full text in the Annual Report which is downloadable from the NSM or www.rank.com . Rank's AGM will be held at 10.30 am on Thursday, 8 October 2026 at TOR, Saint-Cloud Way, Maidenhead, SL6 8BN. Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com Chloe Barry - Group Company Secretary chloe.barry@rank.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago Diageo 19 hours ago TotalEnergies SE 19 hours ago PayPoint 19 hours ago Barclays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and