Director/PDMR Shareholding Rank Group PLC 17 October 2024 17 October 2024 The Rank Group Plc LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 Director/PDMR Shareholding The Rank Group Plc (the "Company") announces that it has been notified of the following transaction in the Company's ordinary 13 8 / 9 p shares undertaken by directors / persons discharging managerial responsibility on 14 October 2024: Name Position Number of shares purchased Number of shares sold Total holding post-notification Mark Harper Grosvenor Venues Managing Director 30,072 - 155,569 The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulations. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Mark Harper 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Grosvenor Venues Managing Director-PDMR b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name The Rank Group Plc b) LEI 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary 13 8 / 9 p shares GB00B1L5QH97 b) Nature of the transaction Share purchase c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.823007 30,072 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price Not applicable e) Date of the transaction 14 October 2024 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange, Main Market (XLON) Enquiries: Brian McLelland, Interim Company Secretary Tel: 01628 504000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and