BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc has appointed Richard Harris as Chief Executive Officer with immediate effect, following his tenure as Interim CEO since January 2026. Harris, who joined the board as Chief Financial Officer in May 2022, has a proven track record in consumer-facing businesses and is expected to lead the group towards its medium-term objective of generating at least £100 million in operating profit. His remuneration will align with the previously approved Directors' Remuneration Policy. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 13 July 2026 The Rank Group Plc ("Rank" or "Group") LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 13 July 2026 Appointment of Richard Harris as Chief Executive Officer The Board of The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or "the Group") is pleased to announce the appointment of Richard Harris as Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), having served as Interim CEO since 30 January 2026. His appointment is made with immediate effect. Richard's appointment follows an extensive executive search process, overseen by the Group's Nominations Committee, chaired by John Ott. The process considered both internal and external candidates, and was supported by MWM Consulting, an independent executive search firm. Richard joined the Rank Board as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in May 2022. He has extensive knowledge of the business, a track record of driving business performance and the strategic leadership required to maximise shareholder returns. Prior to Rank, Richard held senior leadership roles in a number of consumer facing businesses, including Marks & Spencer plc, Foxtons plc and Laird plc. Richard's strong management of the business in an interim capacity over the last six months has proven that he is well placed to lead Rank as it embarks on an exciting next stage in its development. John H. Ott, Chair of Rank Group plc, said: "I am delighted to confirm Richard's appointment as CEO of The Rank Group. Following a thorough recruitment process which identified a strong field of candidates, the Board unanimously agreed that Richard was the outstanding choice. I am pleased that he has agreed to lead Rank as it continues to progress the delivery of the medium-term objective of generating at least £100m operating profit and the development of the longer-term strategy." Richard Harris, CEO of Rank Group plc, said: "Rank is an industry-leading business with a strong portfolio of brands which are synonymous with the UK gaming industry. I am proud of what Rank has achieved during my tenure as CFO, and I look forward to building on this momentum as we continue to drive growth and evolve the Group's strategy. I'd like to thank all my colleagues for their commitment and support over the last 4 years and look forward to an exciting future as CEO of the Rank Group." Ends Contacts: Rank Chloe Barry - Group Company Secretary chloe.barry@rank.com David Williams - Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 7768 216607 Notes to editors: · No further disclosures are required under the UK Listing Rules (UKLR 6.4) · Richard Harris's remuneration arrangements will be consistent with the Directors' Remuneration Policy approved by shareholders at the AGM in October 2024. Further details will be set out in the Directors' Remuneration Report for the relevant year. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and