Notice of Results Rank Group PLC 23 July 2024 23 July 2024 The Rank Group Plc LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 Notice of results The Rank Group Plc will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 30 June 2024 on Thursday 15 August 2024. A presentation will be held at 9.30am in London on Thursday 15 August 2024, hosted by John O'Reilly, Chief Executive and Richard Harris, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation will also be available by webinar. Admittance will be by invitation only. Shareholders and analysts wishing to attend the presentation in person or via the webinar should contact Gagan Aulakh at gagan.aulakh@rank.com. Ends Contacts: The Rank Group Plc Sarah Powell - investor relations Tel: 01628 504 303 FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: 020 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: 020 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and