a2,
Rank Group

Thank

you

*a9T17PUP*

Strategic report

Ata glance

Our strategy

KPIs

Chair's letter

Chief executive's review
Chief executive's Q&A
Business model
Stakeholder engagement
Market review

Our strategy

Operating review
Operating review - Digital
Operating review - Grosvenor Casinos
Operating review - Mecca
Operating review — International
Operating responsibly
Financial review
Alternative performance measures
Tax fact file
Risk management
Section 172 and Non-financial
information statements

enyas
SESSZG0nman

36
38
40
4
62
68

7

Governance

Chair’s introduction

Governance team

Corporate governance
Nominations committee report
Audit committee report

Safer gambling committee report
Directors’ remuneration report
Directors’ report

Directors’ responsibilities

Financial statements

Independent auditors report
Group income statement

Group statement of
comprehensive income

Balance sheets

Statements of changes in equity
Statements of cash flow

Notes to the financial statements.
Unaudited appendix to the
financial statements:

Five year review

Other information:

Shareholder information

Gemma Aylen, Grosvenor

manager, raised over

£2,700 to support unpaid Daté Edward Rumly,
carers during lockdown

Paul McGlinchey, Mecca
general manager, helped
deliver care packages

to key workers in

the community

Grosvenor head chef, kept
our furloughed colleagues
entertained with virtual
cookery lessons

78

82
92
95
102
105
127
131

132

145
146
147
148
149

203

204

Tess McDonnell,
Grosvenor kitchen
assistant, helped cook
free meals for our
emergency services

~ Thank

you

Allan Lave, tech support Kim Jones, Mecca
manager, worked hard to general manager,
Lilly Ramputty, Mecca chat ensure all our support Natalie Holland, Mecca launched the Swansea
host team leader, helped office colleagues could regional operations community kitchen
make our online bingo chat work from home manager, worked project which supported
rooms both supportive and tirelessly to support vulnerable people in
fun for our customers and employee comms and the the community

the team during lockdown #meccatogether project

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 1

At a glance

Delivering through
our brands

Well-known Strong established Diverse digital
venues brands channels
‘Small but growing
5 2 digital casino brand
in Great Britain
licensed casinos
in Great Britain
1 Established and well-known
digital bingo brand
largest casino operator (by in Great Britain

venues) in Great Britain. This
‘excludes our Blankenberge
casino in Belgium

77 1

licensed bingo venues largest digital bingo brand
in Great Britain in Spain

2nd

largest bingo operator
(by venues) in Great Britain

10

licensed Enracha bingo
clubs in Spain

4th

largest operator
(by venues) in Spain

2 > www.rank.com

Strategy

Governance
Financial Statements

£638.1m ™

Contribution to 275.9

@ Grosvenor venues
@ Mecca venues Group revenue
International venues (£m)
@ Digital
35.3

130.7

™ £23.5m

Operating @ Grosvenor venues
profit (£m) @ Mecca venues
@ Digital

International venues (3.3)

328 Central costs (29.4)
S 1 2 6 6 “
.om
@ Grosvenor venues EBITDA
@ Mecca venues (£m) 72.0
@ International venues 8.2

©@ Digital
Central costs (23.2)

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 3

Our strategy

Our strategy

Our purpose is fundamental to what we do. It guides our ambition, values,
and our overall strategy, providing us with a truly cohesive approach within
which to run our business. Despite the challenges caused by the COVID-19
pandemic, the Group remains committed to its current strategy which will

present opportunities for revenue and profit growth.

Our purpose

To work together to create
exciting environments that
reflect the changing needs and
expectations of our customers
and colleagues, delivering
stimulating and entertaining
experiences every time,

To Excite and To Entertain.

Our ambition

To become a £1bn revenue
international gaming company
by 2023, through transforming
our business and consistently
exceeding our customer and
shareholder expectations.

4 www.rank.com

Our Values

6

4

Teamwork
Ambition

ps

Solutions

Our strategic pillars

Strategy

Governance
Financial Statements

How we grow

Create a compelling
multi-channel offer

In the markets in which we operate, Rank is one of the few gaming
‘companies in a position to provide customers with a genuine
‘multi-channel gaming offer. Our key assets are our 140 venues, our
membership-based models, our customer relationships and the high
level of engagement that our team members enjoy with our customers.

Build digital
capability and scale

We have built strong positions in venues-based gaming which we are
seeking to replicate across our digital channel. Before the impact of
COVID-19 in 2019/20, our digital operations generated 24% of Group
revenue. Across the UK as a whole, digital channels now represent
around 52% of the gambling market (excluding the National Lottery),
presenting a significant growth opportunity. International growth is
also central to the Group's strategy to build digital scale.

Continuously evolve
our venues proposition

Our casino and bingo venues provide entertainment for millions
of customers each year and generate the majority of the Group's
revenue and profits. By continuously evolving our venues (in terms of
product, environment and service) and by creating new concepts, we
are constantly enhancing the experiences that we offer our customers.

Consistently improve
our customer experience
through innovation

‘Our customers are at the heart of our business, and we are always
looking for new ways to support and entertain them. We invest in new
technologies that drive efficiencies across the Group to the benefit of
‘our customers. We also regularly invest in and introduce innovations
that make the customer experience even better ~ both in our venues
and online.

Be committed to safe
and fair gambling

‘We are committed to operating in a responsible manner and recognise
the harm that can arise from gambling. We recognise the importance
‘of continuous innovation to refine our approach to making gambling
as safe as possible. We work to proactively identify and interact with
those customers who show signs of experiencing gambling-related
harm, or who may be at risk of playing beyond an affordable level.

0,90,'0 0 © O6-

Within an environment which
enables our colleagues to
develop, be creative and
deliver exceptional service

We continue to build a high-performing culture through the
engagement and development of colleagues who want to put exciting
and entertaining customers at the heart of what they do. We strive for
a culture of ownership and transparency that empowers our teams to
achieve goals they didn't think possible and to be the very best that
they can be.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020

KPIs

Our performance

The following charts illustrate the Group’s performance for the 12-month
periods to 30 June over the last five years.

Underlying’ net gaming
revenue (NGR)

£638.1m

Undertying net gaming revenue (NGA) is an
indicator of the Group's top-line growth. It is
revenue retained from the amounts staked after
paying out customer winnings and deducting
customer incentives.

Underlying NGR decreased by 8% in the
year as the strong performance in the first half
was offset by the loss of NGR following the
temporary closure of the Group's venues from
March 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Underlying’ net (debt)/cash

£(63.2)m

Underlying net (debt)/cash is calculated as total
borrowings less cash and short-term deposits
but before the impact of IFRS 16.

Net debt increased in the year due to the
acquisition of Stride Gaming pic and the

loss of operational cash inflows following the
temporary closure of the Group's venues from
March 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic.

6 www.rank.com

Underlying' operating profit

£51.1m

Underlying operating profit provides a picture
of the undertying performance and is a key
indicator of the Group's success in delivering
top-line growth while controlling costs.

Underlying operating profit decreased by 32%
in the year as the strong performance in the
first half was offset by the loss of operating
profit following the temporary closure of the
Group's venues from March 2020 during

the COVID-19 pandemic.

Underlying’ EBITDA

£126.6m

Underlying EBITDA is eamings before interest,
tax, depreciation, amortisation and separately
disclosed items. It is calculated by taking
underlying operating profit before separately
disclosed items and adding back depreciation
and amortisation.

Underlying EBITDA for the year increased by

Net (debt)/cash

£(297.5)m

Net (debt/cash is calculated as total borrowings less.
cash and short-term deposits.

‘Net debt increased in the year due to the acquisition
of Stride Gaming plc and the loss of operational
cash inflows following the temporary closure of

the Group's venues from March 2020 during the
COVID-19 pandemic.

Net debt for 2019/20 also includes a £234.3m_
adjustment following the adoption of IFRS 16
with the Group now recognising lease liabilities
in relation to leases which had previously been
classified as ‘operating leases’ under the
principles of IAS 17 Leases.

Prior year numbers have not been restated for the
impact of IFRS 16.

‘8% following the adoption of IFRS 16 in the year.
Earnings however were lower in the year following
the temporary closure of the venues from March
2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Strategy

Governance
Financial Statements

Earnings per share Underlying’ earnings Dividend per share
per share

2.5p 7.0p 2.80p

Earnings per share (EPS) is a key indicator of Undertying EPS is a key indicator of the Dividend per share (OPS) is the sum of

the Group's growth after allowing for all costs Group's growth before allowing for separately declared dividends issued by the Company
including separately disclosed items. disclosed items. for every ordinary share outstanding.

EPS decreased by 66% reflecting the lower EPS decreased by 54% due to a lower {n light of the recent COVID-19 pandemic and
profits generated in the year. underlying operating profit for the year. the material impact to our business the Board

will not be proposing a final year dividend.

1. Underlying measures exclude the impact of amortisation of acquired intangibles; profit or loss on disposal of businesses; acquisition and disposal
costs including changes to deferred or contingent consideration; impairment charges; reversal of impairment charges; restructuring costs as part
of an announced programme and discontinued operations, should they occur in the period. Collectively these items are referred to a Separately
Disclosed Items (‘SDis').

‘The Group has changed the adjusted results it discloses on its consolidated income statement in addition to the IFRS-compliant measures.
The presentation of the income statement has changed from “before exceptional items” and “exceptional items” in the prior year to “undertying”
and “separately disclosed items" in the current year. The 2018/19 comparatives have been restated to reflect this change.

2. Underlying operating profit for 2017/18 and 2018/19 has been restated to reflect the reclassification of amortisation relating to the acquisition of
QSB Gaming and its subsidiaries from underlying to separately disclosed items.

3. Underlying EPS for 2017/18 and 2018/19 has been restated to reflect the reclassification of amortisation relating to the acquisition of QSB Gaming
and its subsidiaries from underlying to separately disclosed items.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 7

Chair's letter

Letter from the chair

Alex Thursby ~
Chair

This is my first set of full year results as chair of Rank
having been appointed on 17 October 2019 following the
anticipated retirement of lan Burke from the Board and

his stepping down at Rank's 2019 annual general meeting.
| joined the Board as chair of the audit committee in August
2017, and having spent a few years getting to know the
Company, was excited to take the role as chair, and am
committed to work with the Board and assist the leadership
team to continue to shape and drive the business. | am
also delighted that Karen Whitworth joined the Board on

4 November as the new chair of our audit committee. The
number of independent non-executives is lower than most
PLCs but | am of the view that this brings significant focus
and accountability towards the good governance of the
Company. | thank all directors for their work, flexibility

and dedication in this most complex of years.

We started the fiscal year by making excellent progress
with our venues and digital businesses trading strongly, and
the transformation programme continued to deliver. Towards
the end of the first half we were pleased to complete the
acquisition of Stride Gaming plc (“Stride”), bringing in-house
proprietary technology which will spearhead our digital
growth over the coming years. The integration of Stride

is well underway and we are confident that the expected
‘synergy benefits will be achieved.

in February 2020, we started to experience the impact

of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in terms of tourist
numbers in London, and by mid-March, and in accordance
with government requirements, we had closed all of our 140
venues in the UK, Spain and Belgium. Although the Group
had a robust balance sheet, the business acted swiftly and
decisively to ensure that cash flow was the Group’s number
one priority, mitigating wherever possible the detrimental
impact to the Group's liquidity of our venues being closed.

Performance across the year reflected the strong start offset
by the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our
venues businesses with Group net gaming revenue (“NGR")
down 8% (underlying NGR down 15%) for the year. Our
digital business continued to grow strongly in the year, with
NGR up 66% and underlying NGR up 23%, however there
is still plenty more to do and opportunities to realise as we
integrate the acquired Stride business. With our venues
growing NGR by 8% in the first half, the closure of our

8 www.rank.com

venues from March 2020 clearly made an impact to full year
performance and offset the first half gains, resulting in full
year venues NGR falling by 23%.

Earnings per share (“EPS”) was 2.5p, down 66% following
the shortfall in NGR in the second half of the year. Removing
the impact of separately disclosed items, EPS fell by 54%
to 7.0p.

In light of the material impact resultant from the COVID-19
pandemic to our business, the Board will not be proposing
a final year dividend. The full year dividend will be 2.8 pence
per share reflecting the interim dividend paid on 13 March
2020. The Board recognises the importance of the dividend
to our shareholders and is committed to paying a dividend
when circumstances permit, this will be kept under

regular review.

The Board welcomes the UK Government's plans

to commence a review of gambling regulations. Rank
continues to develop safer gambling environments and
other safeguards for our customers. We seek to entertain
and provide excitement to our customers but to do so safely
and the Board, both directly and through the work of its
safer gambling committee, maintains a sharp focus on the
delivery of our safer gambling initiatives. The Government's
planned review will provide opportunity for the right balance
to be created between protection for the vulnerable and
modemising regulation to make it more appropriate for
today’s consumers, both online and in venues. Going
forward, the Board will require management to determine
the appropriate strategic responses from both changes of
consumer buying behaviours resultant from COVID-19

and the effects of any future regulatory changes.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to thank all of our
colleagues within the Company for their creativity, energy
and hard work in what has inevitably been a very challenging
second half to the year. The Rank team worked hard during
lockdown to contribute to the national effort, including
cooking over 50,000 meals for key workers and vulnerable
people in the communities in which we operate. Through
close liaison with government officials the team also worked
tirelessly to agree how we could reopen our venues as
quickly and safely as possible, recognising that our venues
provide spacious environments for our customers to safely
meet and enjoy some leisure time. We have now reopened
most of our venues and the early response from our
customers gives us confidence that we can navigate the
current challenging environment and return to the growth
and earings trajectory we were delivering pre-COVID-19.

Alex Thursby
Chair

9 September 2020

Chief executive's review

Governance
Financial Statements

Chief executive’s review

John O'Reilly
Chief Executive

Following the groundwork put into the transformation
programme during financial year 2018/19, Rank made

a great start to 2019/20. We started the year with strong
revenue growth in Grosvenor’s venues, in our venues in
Spain and Belgium and across our digital businesses, with
good progress being made in slowing the decline in Mecca.
Our momentum, and the delivery of key transformation
initiatives throughout the year, delivered very strong
underlying net gaming revenue (“NGR") and profit growth
up until March 2020, when the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic hit and our venues businesses, which represent
76%" of the Group's like-for-like (“LFL”) revenues, were
forced to close. The strength and robust nature of our
balance sheet, our lower cost base resulting from the
transformation initiatives implemented in the prior year and
the commitment and professionalism of our colleagues have
helped us to best navigate this crisis and to prepare for the
successful reopening of our venues. It will inevitably take
time and a return of consumer confidence to get the Group
fully back on track, but Rank is now a stronger business
than it was with good opportunities for revenue and

profit growth.

Venues performance in the year up to lockdown

Grosvenor venues continued to deliver strong revenue
growth until February 2020 when tourist visitors to our
London venues began to fall in the wake of the COVID-19
pandemic. In the eight months to the end of February,
Grosvenor venues LFL revenue was up 16% with lower
operating costs delivered through transformation initiatives
largely undertaken in the prior year resulting in LFL underlying
operating profit increasing 121% to £58.0m, pre the impact
of IFRS 16. All our key trading metrics of table handle, table
margin, electronic roulette and gaming machine revenue and
food and beverage (“F&B") were strong, and we were seeing
good retums from our investments into product, technology
and facilities.

Mecca venues LFL revenue declined 1% in the eight months
to February 2020 with underlying LFL operating profit down
4%. Lockdown in March interrupted a number of changes to
the core Mecca customer proposition which are now being
implemented. The focus is on giving our customers better

1. H1 2019/20 including pro forma NGR for Stride.

value with more entertainment and more chances to win in
main stage bingo.

LFL revenue in our International venues in Belgium and
Spain grew 8% to the end of February 2020 with underlying
LFL operating profit up 28%.

Securing the business through lockdown

The strength of our balance sheet and our immediate focus
of preserving cash as we entered lockdown have helped
support our business through the current crisis, as has the
help we have received from government. Our monthly net
cash outflow on entering lockdown was £25.0m yet with
the huge support of the UK Government through the
Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (“CJRS*), Business
Rates relief and gaming tax deferrals, similar employment
support in Spain and Belgium, and our own mitigating
measures to reduce costs and slow cash outflow, we
were able to cut our monthly net cash outflow to £10.0m
during the period of full closure.

Whilst over 7,600 colleagues had to go into furlough,

we retained a core team to focus on regular wellbeing
communication with our customers and furloughed
colleagues, to manage our key supplier relationships and

to prepare for reopening. In addition, our colleagues kept
kitchens open wherever possible across the Mecca and
Grosvenor estates to prepare and deliver over 50,000

free meals for emergency service workers, NHS staff and
vulnerable residents within our local communities. We have
been grateful to have received significant support for this
initiative from a number of MPs, local councils and from our
suppliers. Our colleagues, including those on furlough, have
also been participating in various initiatives to raise money
for Carers Trust, all of which have helped the Group give
back to the community during these particularly
challenging months.

Reopening our venues

The safety of our venues for both our customers and our
colleagues has inevitably been our paramount consideration
in preparing for reopening. Social distancing measures,
capacity constraints, extensive cleaning regimes, hand
cleaning, sanitisation facilities and extensive perspex
screening to provide additional protections for customers
and colleagues were developed and introduced during
lockdown in preparation for the ‘all clear’ from govemment
to reopen. Our colleagues have done an amazing job in
redesigning our operations to ensure a safe and secure
environment. All of our venues colleagues have been
through training programmes in the new operational
procedures to protect them and our customers.

Annual Report and Financial Statements 2020 9

Chief executive's review Continued

International venues

Enracha venues reopened at various points through June
2020 having received regional government permissions.
Trading started in line with our expectations at around

65% of prior year levels. Venues in Cordoba, Seville and
Tarragona have seen gradually improving visit numbers

and revenues as consumer confidence has increased. In
the city centre locations of Madrid and Barcelona, however,
visits and revenues have remained low and two Barcelona
venues were required to close again for 10 days in mid-July
following a new spike in virus cases. We are now back open
in all venues, but we expect it will be some time before
trading at pre-COVID-19 levels will be achieved. Conversely,
our casino in Belgium is now trading in line with the same
period of the prior year.

Mecca venues

In England, we reopened 35 Mecca venues on 4 July with a
further 16 reopening later in the month. A further 21 venues
have opened in August, including those in Scotland and
Wales where permission to open has come later than in
England. The five Mecca venues which remain closed

at the end of August are marginal clubs on short term
leases which are the subject of ongoing negotiations with
landlords. Mecca has large spacious venues which provide
considerable scope for community-based entertainment in
today's socially distanced environment. We have reopened
with a renewed emphasis on main stage bingo in a revised
daily schedule offering customers the opportunity to pop in
and play bingo in hourly sessions throughout the day. We
are slowing the game, adding additional entertainment and
delivering great value food and beverage deals to provide
an attractive and safe setting for consumers who have
been cooped up at home for longer than they would wish.

Trading has started a little ahead of our expectations at 70%
of prior year levels on a like-for-like basis. LFL visit volumes
are down 50%. As expected, our audiences are currently
much younger than normal with customers aged over 55
years old, and particularly those aged over 70 years old,
markedly down on pre-COVID-19 levels. Spend per head

is up 15%, reflecting both the increased emphasis on main
stage bingo, other community entertainment and food and
beverage.

Grosvenor venues

We had hoped and expected to be reopening Grosvenor's
casinos alongside pubs, restaurants and bingo on 4 July.
Casinos are typically large venues which readily enable
social distancing and across the sector we had collaborated
‘on stringent protocols which had been reviewed by Public
Health England. Disappointingly, casinos were excluded
from the list of venues able to reopen on 4 July. On 9 July,

a team of scientists from Public Health England and officials
from the Cabinet Office and Department for Digital, Culture,
Media and Sport ("DCMS") visited a central London
Grosvenor casino to experience the social distancing
protocols and to examine measures put in place to ensure
players only touch their own sanitised chips in blackjack and
roulette, and are restricted from touching playing cards in
blackjack or have one time only paper cards in baccarat.
Clearance from the scientists that casinos were COVID-19

10 www.rank.com

“We came into the year
with strong revenues growth
in Grosvenor’s casinos, in
our venues in Spain and
Belgium and across our
digital businesses, with
good progress being made in
slowing the decline in Mecca.”

safe venues was immediate. On 17 July, the Prime Minister
announced that casinos would be allowed to reopen on

1 August. 3,600 colleagues were brought out of furlough
to complete the preparations for reopening including
extensive training of the new social distancing and other
safety protocols. On 31 July, with less than 12 hours to go
before our clubs were allowed to reopen, the Prime Minister
announced that casinos would have to remain closed for
at least a further two weeks until 15 August. It was finally
announced on 13 August that we were able to reopen 35
of our 45 casinos across England from 15 August 2020.
Four of our five Scottish casinos were allowed to reopen
on 24 August with Aberdeen being delayed until 26 August
and our two casinos in Wales reopened on 28 August.

On 8 September, we reopened four further casinos in the
Greater Manchester area, leaving just Bolton and Leicester
‘subjected to continued closure under local lockdown
measures. Our venue in Sunderland remains closed as

we review its viability under social distancing measures.

Whilst it remains early days, trading has started positively
outside of London but is weaker in the capital. Our nine
London casinos are witnessing visit numbers at 30% of prior
year levels. The absence of tourists and office workers in
London alongside concerns about using public transport
and the extension of congestion charges into evenings and
weekends are weighing heavily on the hospitality sector in
the City. Revenue in London is running 60% behind prior
year levels. Outside of London the picture is more positive
with revenue running 25% behind prior year levels. Overall,
Grosvenor LFL revenue is running at 60% of prior year levels
in the period since reopening.

Driving Scale in Digital

Having successfully completed the acquisition of Stride
Gaming plc (“Stride”) on 4 October 2019, our focus has
been on the integration programme of both businesses
including the development of the Stride proprietary
technology in advance of migrating Rank’s legacy digital
brands onto the Stride platform before the end of calendar
year 2021. In the meantime, we continue to drive digital
growth in the UK and Spain, with LFL revenues up 23%

in the year.

In the UK, whilst Rank’s legacy digital brands, Mecca and
Grosvenor, grew 23% in the year, Strides’ performance,
following work to harmonise safer gambling controls across