>
3
€
Q
og

ae]
g
N
3
8S
Ss

*ADEUGVEY*

A10 30/10/2024 #106
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Group performance highlights 2024

cowowven |

Contents

Strotogi Roper

covernence |

Group underlying NOX

£734.4m ®

Reported noR

£734.7m ©

Sroup underlying ops ating profit

£46.5m© |

Group operating profit

£29.4mM©

Yor cash pro IFRS 16

£20.9m ©

Neziree caahiiow

£26.6m ©

£(132.5)mo

Dhidend por share

0.85po

Underlying EPS

5.9p ©

27p ®

‘Customer NPS

52@

Employes WPS

396

“UID}AS}US OF

pun 9}19x9 OL

aMUNLULUOD

1d panua}ey pue spueaq
5 ath PHoM any,

eovous09 vodeys6nons | anu sodno9 sec inden sadeommaen |

«| rtenrip i tpn 4

Investment case

Group Overview

sotmgicRopon |

Positioned to deliver continued growth in revenue and profitability

To excite and to entertain our customers

Cash maximisation
inbingo

Technology Safer
&data

gambling

Grosvenor recovery
and growth

Gambling
Act Review

People
&culture

© cash maximisation in bingo
(Our bingo operations in bot the UK and Spain
are expected to make a positive contribution to
the Group's profit and cash flow going forwards

“Trough the adnaliston of our Mecea bingo
estate specifially the closing of lass-making
‘eres and investing in our song and highly
ompetive vers, Mecea has rtumed a
proftabliy Whilst the rationalisation ofthe
Estate has now largely completed we believe
Meces can rium o double-digit operating,
prot inthe medium tenn

Jn Spain, our Eneacha venues are well invested,
flagship venues. We

Improve ths already ory competitive and
Profitable Spanish business

© Grosvenor recovery and growth

Prior tothe COVID-19 pandemic, Grosvenor was
<elivering average weekly NGR of 7.5m. With
‘combination ofthe impact of the pandemic
‘an our customer base and a tightening of
regulation, average woekly NGR fell 5.9m in
202273

‘Through improving our approach to risk
‘management and enhanced customer service
and experience, Grosvenor is focused on
driving average weekly NGR to at least [7m and
beyond in the medium tor,

Securing the much needed land-based reforms
in the UK Government's Gambling Act Reviow
‘will provide Grosvenor's customers with a more
relevant offer and deliver further significant
‘growth opportunites

© Digital growth
The Group's digital brands have significant
opportunity to gro. holding relatively small
marke share positions compared tits venues
brands,

Following the acquisition of the proprietary
technology the digital business has been
working through a comprehensive programme
of platform and product enhancements,

all focused on delivering an engaging,
Personalised and increasingly cross-channel
customer experience.

Groat progress has been mado in 2023/24, and
we believe there is opportunity to deliver 810
12% compounded anual revonue grow and
‘margin improvement of over 600 basis points
‘over the medium term,

© Gambling Act Review
‘The UK Government’ review of gambling
legislation and rogulaion will provide the much
needed and vitally important reforms for tan:

‘The proposed changes 1o land-based casinos
and bingo present the Group with a ones in a
fete opportunity to modernise and broaden
the venues experience

For further detail regarding the White Paper's
proposals refer to page 1

© Technology and data
Technology and data are key tothe
improvements we are making across all

‘four businesses. There are four key technology
projects:

Single content monagement system
Providing the ability to manage all ofthe website
conten for our UK facing brands on a single
system. This enables more appealing and
relovan ealsime promotional content and =
‘smoother customer experience

covernonce

Currently oo small a portion of our digital
revenue fs driven by aur apps. Through
improved functionality and personalisation we
expect to increase our digital app revenues as.
we better meet the needs of our eusiomers.

Group-wide central engagement platfom
Improving the real-time data capabilities
cr05s oUF digital and venues businesses is
critical 1 meeting our customer needs. The
platform is helping us deliver a much-improved
Personalised customer ofer in a imely manne,

Modernisation of our RIDE platform
We noed to hoop investing in our proprietary
platform 1 enable the Group to deliver,

Speed, product and servic enhancements to

© soter gambling
Safer gaming is atthe hear of building 8
sustainable business forthe longterm and is
pivotal our succes

We belive that providing excellent customer
service, safe environments. and protecting,
personal data are important factors that
"ract customers to our brands and support
‘sustainable longterm carnings growth.

@ Peopie and culture

Delivering a high-quality service to our
‘customers depends on our ability to provide
a positive working environment for our
colleagues

Recruiting and retaining high quality alent.
providing personal development opportunities

and consistently driving colleague engagement
‘are al critical parts ofthe relationship we have

with our teams.

ur investment case is centred on the Group
<elivering agains is strategic objectives.

wagering tre Groupe
strotepe progress conbe found on strategic Pilar
pages

TpaekenpsmsaesrmO

te Oh

Live & Bikes? > Fram eur

Paci

te

sO

‘The Rank Group Ple Anno Repos 2024

ae

storage Report

Enhancing our customer proposition

Dear Stakeholder,

We are pleased to share with you The Rank
Group Ple’s Annual Report for the year
ending 30 June 2024; ayearwhich saw us
achieve good progress across our
businesses, developing and delivering a
range of plans focused on prioritising the
customer experience to support future
growth.

Our Strategic Report captures our operational, financial
‘and sustainabiliy performance across our land-based
venves, digital businesses, operational hubs and central
functions. The Group has delivered a 9% increase in
like-for-like net gaming revenue (‘NGR} and, alongside
strong cost contol, resulted in operating profit more
than doubling inthe year.

‘Whilst we operate a numberof market-leading brands,
‘customers expecta unified playing experience

‘whether in one of our venues oF using our mobile

‘apps; our continuous focus on delivering a seamless
{customer joumey cross-channel remains our priori,
‘This yar, our teams have been focused on enhancing
the customer joumey sowe can personalise thelr
experiences across our varied brands, making them
‘mare connected and rewarding. Customers will nly
continue to interact with aur brands ifwe offer them

the best experience. whether that be in venue oF

online. Tis repor outlines many ofthe delivered
projects aimed at keeping the experience exciting and
entersining for the 12:8m customers who visited us this
year

(Our Governance Report includes an update on our Non-
Executive team's oversight of management strategy.
Including compliance with regulatory requirements,
adherence tothe UK Corporate Governance Code,
effective risk management and representation of
shareholder interests

Key developments have addressed the Group's approach
to culture, workforce and wider stakeholder engagement,
aswell asthe Board's monitoring of the effectiveness of
internal controls. The Governance Repor also includes

an update ofthe Group's Remuneration Policy.

‘Transparency in our reporting i a core obligation and
‘our disclosure strategy continues to evolve inline with
regulatory changes and stakeholder expectations. We
hope this review provides a clear and understandable
account of our latest performance and. as ever. we
welcome any feedback on aur reporting

‘Mex Thursby
sr

Jona orReily
Chit 2xecutive

| meneeme rateetteen zr

(Teese |

svorege sero oneranee rani Soto
Acustomer-centric, brand-led engagement approach
Delivering a more effective customer proposition and resilient business
Opportunities Opera! Competitive Revenue Value

model advantages streams created
The Groups exposedto@ number By bringing the Group brand operations through centol Compattive advantages come rom Wehaveo The Group crectes o numberof
ol ocvontogeovs dynomics that” technology patios, Rank can better manage sinteracons the companys opprocch oak, —_broadrange of ‘outcomes forts voried stakeholders
Combine to presenta ange of wth customers,ond provide amore ntutve andconnected _customerengagementcuture ond complementary through the delivery ofits strotegy
crgonie growth divers product experiance whist ensuring ployer saety resource manogementto maximise revenue seams

Reguiotory changes delivered through
the Gombling Act Review, provicing
‘more appeciing experiences inlond-
‘posed casinos ond bingo in the UK

Estate refurbishment ong
‘modemisotion 0 atact customers
‘ond optimise our venues

‘Technology and date provides us with

teatime ployer insights 0 improve
‘customer interactions ond optimise
‘marketing ntiotives

Resource offciency ond etlectiveness,

Including Net Zero Plan foasing long-
term cost sovinge

Pipeline of exciting product
‘development ititves across
fengagement chonnels to broaden our
customer bose

‘Geographic expansion into existing ond

‘new territories.

United Kingdom

Seamless
Customer

Experience

International

‘arkat leading bronds and high
customer recognition

TTolented teams focused on loco!
mortets

‘Appropriate safer gombing strategies
{orate sustoinoble customer
‘elotonships

Propetary technology ptr
‘ownership

Progressive employee value proposition
‘wth strotegiealy aligned compensation
tootwoct ond retain colleagues

‘Ukland-based casino
‘gomes

‘Uk and Spanish land

‘based bingo games

Ukand Spanish
lane-based slots ond
‘leetronie games

Food and beverage
iour UK and Spanien

Wider entertainment

‘experiences in our UK
‘and Spanish venues,

{Uk and spanish digital

portfolio Covering
Eosino, bingo, slots
‘and sports

Underying LL underying PS Olvidond
seectngectt BGp. O.85p

‘Customers
52
Colleagues
Employoo nPs
39
00d working
‘etationan
raised
134
Environment
[Absolute carbon omisslons

22,N2tCO2e

Supe Arevot top 24 stage apo conmenee fone sttants
Leveraging our brands to excite and to entertain
Grosvenor Casinos Mecca Enracha Digital
3} 00009 Gowns spindwi
@@OSO Cenvache © coos @-—- sont
A MAGICAL, oy LucKy tty
WEGAS ees,
Yotasino Bingo eSports

‘The UK's langest mul-channel casino operator with
Sl venues. The brand offers a range of casino table
‘games, including roulete blackjack. baccarat and poker
aswell as electronic rouletle and gaming machines
alongside bars, restaurants and broader entertainment
‘experiences.

Mecca is Rank’s community-gaming brand forthe
British market, A national portfolio of 52 venues offering
bingo. gaming machines, great valve food and drink and
live entenainment

Enracha is Rank’s community-gaming business forthe
Spanish market. Nine venues offering 2 range of popular
Community games like bingo aswell as electronic
casino and slot games, spors belting, great value food
‘and drink and liv entertainment

ur digital portfolio includes our established market
leading brands, Mecca and Grosvenor for the UK market
and Yo forthe Spanish market, The Group also operates
over 80 UK digital-only brands via our proprictary
technology platform and third-party platforms,

| ete ep rt tpi

Our global teams and delivery

‘To support the seamless
delivery of our brands across
our land-based and digital
channels, the Group operates
its technology development,
delivery and operations teams
in a number of strategi
global locations.

‘aisicomesiae

7,600

6,400

rp one
‘ipport too

rues prouct ond
‘customer support

‘Venues iden
1 suppor teams

Venues product and

‘cutomar support

enves ond technology Supp

Tiel eosin
‘nd Somory
Digit proauct suppor

Sigal proauctond
uttomer suppoe

Dighal proauct ond
Customer suppor

are nome pon
rp operon
supper
Temenos

300

Technobay
evelopment

©

stage Ropon

overnonce Fnoncial tateents

Our culture

Rank’s culture encourages colleagues to
take ownership of their roles and promotes
collaborative working to create supportive
work environments.

Upholding our core values of Service, Teamwork,
Ambition, Responsibility and Solutions (STARS).
‘our colleagues are empowered to play an active role
in driving Rank’s culture, influencing organisational
behaviours. decision-making processes and
interpersonal dynamics, everything which impacts the
Group's performance, strategic ambitions, sustainable
‘growth and proftabily

We start with the customer. We do
‘everything in our power to deliver special
service every time.

Teamwork
We pull together across brands, channels
‘and locations to perform at our very best.

‘Ambition
We chollenge the way we do things
‘and explore new ways to excite and
‘entertain our customers, ond outshine
the competition.

© rence

We understand our responsibility to allot
‘our communities. We act with the highest,
integrity and honesty in everything we do.

Om

‘We oct positively to gat to the heart of
problems quickly and find ways to solve
them,

w | rasensnip ie rmttpa

Manner Review

strotagi Report

covernonce Foncit Stotemants

Evolving customer and industry dynamics
The drivers impacting the Group underpin the potential for an improving cash generation profile

Macro trends

‘The industry landscape in the UK
‘and spain

Regulatory prossures. changing consumer
habits and the economic impact of inflation
have all had an impact onthe industry

with the potential for further market.
Consolidation, We believe Rank remains well
positioned to manage the risks arising from
these changes and will seek to benefit from
‘the opportunities they present.

Regulation
Regulation is central to our industry
landscape, withthe changing interpretation
of regulations by the UK Gambling
Commission pulling pressure on operators
sn the market, Our wealth of industry
experience means we have strong processes
and proprietary technology solutions in
place to suppor our business. We have a
{food working relationship with regulators
sand welcome the much-needed land-basea
reforms

Customer behaviours
Customer behaviours ae constantly
changing but venues continue to play a
huge role in diflerentiating our offer in the
‘market. Since the pandemic. we have seen
‘lasting impact on some of our customers
paniculaly in older customer segments in
‘ur Mecca venues, but we still enjoy strong
‘customer loyalty. We are using customer
Insights to understand how we can deliver
‘exciting and distinctive experiences that
are engaging safe and represent value for
‘money. We continue to develop new games
and formats, build our digital capability and
‘scale, and evolve the customer offer at our

Economie pressur
Economic pressures area key factor for
‘the industry with higher costs of operation
(employment costs. wilties. supplies). We
are able o manage our input costs due to
‘our large scale, and to allocate resources
across the esiaie to better meet customer
demand,

Venues

Land-based casinos
Inthe UK there are curently 117 operating
casinos. In ola, 149 licences are in use, a8
some casino vues operate through more
than one licence. There are an additional 28

ences held across UK operators which are
‘not curently in use

The UK casino market ha strict regulatory
requirements which limit the number and
‘movement of casino licences in the UK
theroby creating high barriers 1o entry

The UK casino market has been constrained
by the numberof gaming machines
permitted per licence with the maximum
‘number limited 1 20

Clobally, there is growing customer demand
for gaming machines and the UK Gambling
‘Act Review provides a oncesin-a-generation
‘opportunity to extend the appeal of casinos
and to modernise our elecionic offering,
enabling the UK land-based casino secior to.
Detter meet the needs and expectations of

Fortartoraat
Feview

Uk land-based bingo
‘The UK bingo market i heavily consolidated
with the top three operators holding 63% of
the 248 operating bingo venues.

‘The bingo market has been in decline for a
‘numberof year so ther is a need to evolve
‘and crete more acessible, modern and
lively venues with strong bingo prize boanls,
‘a compelling gaming machine offer. good
value food and drink and lie entertainment

‘The mix of gaming machines is currently
constrained by outdated legislation which
willbe improved subject to the Government
implementing the Gambling Act Review.

‘Spanish land-based bingo
‘The Spanish bingo market is very
Fragmented with 323 bingo venues

Bingo has declined in Spain in recent years
‘against a backdrop of growth in slo arcades
and sports betting.

‘With this dectine in bingo, the stronger
venues with more attractive prize boards
tract bigger audiences, which in turn
delivers higher prizes. The stronger
bingo venues have also broadened their
product range by including electronic
roulette bingo and other slot games,
Sports betting. good value food and drink

The UK's digital gambling market is
fast moving. competitive and subject to
sirit regulation, but romains siricurally
tractive with clear headroom for growth
‘over the coming years

UK digital bingo.
Customers are looking fora safe, secure
and intuitive gaming experience, with more
chances towin and easy pay-outs when they
do. Customers want personalisation and
‘more varity rom promotions that cater for
wider range of budgets tothe games and
features availabe. The experience needs
tobe increasingly meeting the needs and
expectations of the customer in real-time.

UK digital casinos
Customers want exciting and entersining
experiences. aswel as great-looking sites
‘hat offer the latest games and strong
promotions. Thoy prefer sites that provide
tools to help them control their spend

and reward loyalty They are looking for
‘opportunities to have fun. at times the
‘opportunity to win big. with rapid payment
‘of winnings.

International digital
‘Similar tothe UK market, the Spanish digital
market is very competitive and subject 10
strict regulation. The online bingo market
isthe smallest sector, with only afew

well known brands of which Yo Bingo is

the largest. The online casino and sports
betting markets continue to grow quickly
with awide range of competing brands
providing opportunities for newer entrants
to compote effectively and to grow market
share.

| eter torte

(rn

sate tpt eoveence Froncal totemerts
Gambling Act Review

Anet positive impact of regulatory change

‘The drivers enabling the Group to better || -——————

meet its customers’ needs. Machine numbers , sai} Sports betting Maximum online

InApri!2025,the UK Government pubisheditswhie | iNCasinos = incasinos slot stakes

Paper outlining policy for the legislation and regulation
cof gambling

“The july 2024 election ha led to delays to the proposed
secondary legislation, but we expect the legislative
‘process lo recomimence in the coming months

‘Rowing 668 Act casings to Wezbazo to Rumor
‘her gaming machines up toe)

‘Rowing 968 Ack casinos to offer spars bating
iepeatertene

{apply a menimmars eng iit for ont a
fbrracuced to 2 or under 256,

inponteraone

‘Doubling ofthe number of garrng machines
Grosvenor entote,

Dativerosignicantly improved customer experience:
CCustorners wil 26 able to play fen they wont
‘without rustrtingy long war tres durng peok hours
‘ond hove access to © broader, nore engaging suite
ofgomes,

‘Dalvered through secondary th

noble a of Gratvencr vorues To Ofer spots Dating

‘Wal enable cosinos to batter meet cusomer damand
‘ond broaden te oppedt of visting a Uk casino,

‘Davored tough secondary egisition

inpenternene

‘adversely impact Gow operating SG erea Carn
perannum

Help to budget expe ato more sfectve.

Machines in
bingo halls

Cashless
payments
ongaming
machines

2

‘Mowang al rao of Catagory to Category and
{gaming machines in bingo hats implomented on &
Sovice-type Dosis

emovng the proibiion on tha ube of Gabi corde
foegoming subject othe stioducton o oppropeats
ployer protecton measures.

ingesiornane

inpenteraone

inereose in tho harnbor of Colegory Bd machines
‘eross the Mecca estat ond recive tho numb
‘of ageing high-energy-consunsing reet-bosed
Cotegoryc gorring mochings which are loss
fevouted by our customers

Deliver o mare madam andor gaging machine afer
wih stronger safer gambling prtecton mocsures

improves occessibiy Ter cuslomors, snobs avonge
‘Customer mansoring and hep tighten securty of
Speretions

intoaucton of ataucory ew fo" er00re
prevention ond teas ent of prot am gorblng for

EiiGambing Comission aperatrg icence Yadors
Tho lv wilvry depending ont peo gar bing

eso in neremantol oneal contol crea

Moots the needs of today consumer whe 60 not
‘expect to hove to ploy wh cash

Delivered trough secondary legislation

Frovdes more guar steed taanei ai supp=rfer he

twectrent rom ord proventon cf 2 bINE-1ooted
erm

Delivered tough secondary legisiation

‘elvored through secondary tegblaton

one omen [ene |

‘The Renk croup Me nnolRopr 2034 covernnce Fronca'stements |
ewer exteutve's srareaent
John O'Reilly
Chief Executive
‘Tere are many technology developments in. NOR
{he oadmap over the coming years to deliver £m
{fuller channel seamless experience for ane =as
‘our customers and o maximise this area of Sosvenorvanvoe <r] ty a
Significant competitive advantage The next Co==Te
‘steps include the delivery of a single cross- nee oe oe
channel membership for Mecca customers | Ensocha venues 385 358 ™
in 2024725. and the development of several Ogtl mee 28 me
Cross channel produciand services for _UndenFngt Rep aa ona *
both the Grosvenor and Mecca brands inpect of en oponigh CoRTeT ET oa "05
‘Ata Group level, the focus remains on nderying OrouP 7A sa8 cS
“svn cost efficiencies and ensuring we
perth an apron ght Operetingproft
framework. Good progress is being made in ef
Enhancing the customer proposition enhancing controls and adding auiomation ea sas Soe
‘within both the nance and people and
across our brands and channels Saltre wuppet clone Tenure Seow venues Br 87 a
protected and development opportur Mecoa verwes. 38 (58) *
are prioritised appropriately, the Group has Eneacha venues o 90 ™%
implemented a governance framework or Ott a ar Wa
Arial neligence CA. aoe ma a oa
Operational performance Digital LFL NGR grew 12% year-on-year. We retain a sing ramme management  _Undertving" UL eroup, aes 201 cs
Theyeario’0 june 2024 saw continued towards thetopend ofthe smnal Owih_amework acme te Group oevaiste, TPES vere pen Goarer ra oa (we) =
Improvement in trading conditions and in oppor outined a the November tndering Guy aa co oe

‘the financial performance ofthe Group. All
‘businesses have delivered good levels of net
gaming revenue (NGR) growth and strong.
Increases in profitability.

‘Ata Group level, underlying like-for-like

Grosvenor venues LFL NGR grew 9% yeat=
‘on-year. with London growing 10% and the
rest ofthe UK growing 89%. Customer ists
‘grew 9% and spend per visi decreased 1%.

Mecca venues LFL NGR grew 8% on the
prior year wit customer visits growing
29% and the spend per visit increasing 6%
{49% ofthe 187,000 new customers in the
year were under 35 years ol. reflecting the
Continued broad appeal of Mecca

Enracha venues LFL NGR grew 7% on.
customer vsis growing 6% and spend per
Visit increasing 1%.

‘Capital Markets Day, with particularly strong
‘growth inthe Grosvenor and Mecea cross-
‘channel brands and inthe Yo brand in
Spain

Digital cross-channel customer revenues,
continue to grow faser than overall

Group revenues, up 16% in the year. The
key enabler is the Group's proprietary
technology platform, which has seen
several critical enhancements successfully
delved this year. These include a single
content management system across all of
‘our UK digital brands and a much improved
app for the Grosvenor brand which has
been developed in-house forthe fist

time. We successfully transferred the UK's
Aligital platform othe cloud o enhance
socuriy scalability and cost efficiency and
completed the single customer engagement
platform serving each of our UK businesses.

‘With NGR increasing across the Group.
‘underlying LFL operating profi more than
doubled from £20.1m in 2022/23 10 £46 5m
in 2023724

prioritise, resource and continuously
‘monitor the key strategic initiatives. which
ensure we continue to meet the needs of
four customers, while driving growth in
revenues and delivering cost efficiencies.

Current trading and outlook
We have made a good slat to the new
financial year, We exited 2023/24 with
{good momentum which has continued into
2024/25, with Group NGR up 10% forthe
first S weeks agains a strong comparative.

Dividend
‘The continuing recovery in profitability
combined with the Group's balance

sheet strength gives the Board the
confidence to propose a resumption of
‘ordinary dividend payments. The Board is
recommending a fin] dividend of 0.85p
‘88 afullyear dividend. Subject to approval
by shareholders, the final dividend will be
‘aid on 25 October 2024 to shareholders
fn the register on 20 September 2024. The
texdividend date wil be 19 September 2024,
‘The Group is also intending to declare an
2024/25 interim dividend alongside its halt:
year results in January 2025,

1 Results ae preset on LL bass which removes the impact of aus openings. weaue closures frign

‘schange moremenis and escominoed operations.

2. Aull ants ofthese aston can be oud
5 Before he inact of separ cscosed ems
‘Rost, foro FO reve fr rer dal

Group liquidity
‘The Group ended the year with not cash
Dre IFRS 16 of £20.9m.

‘Working capital atthe end of the year was
an inflow of £22.4m, due tothe Group's
improved financial performance, which has
‘resulted in a higher duty payable andthe
reinstatement of employee bonuses which
are paid post yearend,

In January 2024, the Group successfully
secured a new £120m club facility,

‘comprising a £30m Term Loan and a £90m
Revolving Cre Facility (RCP). The Term
Loan element expires in October 2026 and
the RCF in January 2027. Both the Term
Loan and RCF have markettypcal tenor
‘exiension options which are a the lender's
discretion.

he Arai Peformance Measure (APM) section.

‘The new foclty retains the two financial
covenants which were applicable ois
previous facilites, net debt to EBITDA
‘ol to exceed 3x and EBITDA to net
Inorest payable of no less than 3x. There
‘is an additional covenant referred to as,
«Fixed Charge Cover ratio, where (net
Jnterest payable plus operating leases) to
(EBITDA plus net operating leases) can.
‘eno less than 15x. The Group expects to
retain significant headroom against these

‘The Rank oroup fle Annuol Report 2028

‘croup Oveniaw

John O'Reilly
Chief Executive

Regulatory update
Publication ofthe Government's White
Paper into gambling reforms was made in
‘April 2023 and the tant of 2023/24 saw

‘a number of Gambling Commission and
DCMS-led consultations launched with

the intention of exploring how best 10
apply the public policies contained in the
‘White Paper. For Rank, tho most material
consultation of the year related to the much
needed land-based reforms for casino

‘and bingo. in May 2024, the Government
published its response to the consultation
‘outlining how the various reforms would
be delivered and the proposed secondary
legislation o bring them into being. We
‘welcomed the details ofthe Government's
consultation response. noting that it
signified another important step closer to
the legislation which will enable Rank’
Grosvenor and Mecea venues to better meet
the needs of our customers.

‘The July general election inevitably delayed
the proposed secondary legislation but, with
‘new Labour Government now in place and
‘new DCMS ministerial eam appointed,
we expect the passage of legislation fo.
recommence in the coming months.

Sustainability update
Our sustainability strategy is now well
established; i focuses on the four key areas
of Customers, Colleagues, Environment
‘and Communities.

Customers
(Our commitment to our customers is
‘unwavering. We continue to prioritise the
safety of our customers, ensuring that they
enjoy a frictionless experience, while going
‘beyond compliance to minimise the risk of
harmful

---

deducting
‘customer incentives. Underlying NGR increased by 9%
in the yearwith all business unitsin growth

Net debt
"Net debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and
short-term deposits. Net debt decreased in the year due
to improvements in cash generated from operations

‘customer net promoter score (‘NPS’)

NPS isa key indicator of customer loyalty Uy looking at
thei likelitood of recommending our offer Customer
[NPS increased to 82 from 43 inthe prior year.

Dividend per share
Dividend per share isthe sum of declared dividends
‘issued by the Company for every ordinary share
outstanding.

“The continuing recovery in proftbilty combined with
the Group's balance sheet strength gives the Board,

=m Co cam | mam com wae trend popaaang pomraronumpton of eainary
nin ~ Ce
an = ra wane =
mano
aw
Underlying’ operating profitloss) Underlying! EPS Colleague net promot2r score (‘eNPS’)

Underlying operating prot provides a picture of the
‘underlying performance and isa key indicator ofthe
Group's success in delivering opine growih while
controling coss. Underlying ope-ating prof increased
131% in the year with all business units in growth,

Underiying EPS is key indicator of the Group's
growth belore allowing for separately disclosed items.
Underlying EPS increased 1 5. 9p,

NPS s ake indicator of colleague engagement and
loyally towards the Group. Colleague NPS increased to
38 from 14 in the prior year.

= mm i | em =
mar =a or ae
a man mae

1. Undering measure exci he impact of moan of
ui nang, proto los on sepa of business:
ea costing thang deere
fr comingon consideration: impale changes: ees of
impairment changes: esucturig 2st spa of an announced
the prog Coley tese ems are refered cepartly
Sirdoead ems

2. Before conned operons,

1 Escudo dig cores wichmee pa alte for 202122

croup overon strategy

Jon Martin
Chief Operating Officer

Using technology to deliver a seamless
and personalised customer experience

Jon Martin, Rank’s Chief
Operating Officer, is responsible
for the development and delievery
of Rank’s cross-channel customer
experience for the Group's UK
brands, Mecca and Grosvenor.
Here Jon talks through why this is
akey strategic priority for the
Group and how it must orientate
itself to meet the changing needs
of its customers.

Jon, you are partoof the team
‘driving Rank’s growth, specifically
through enhancing the customer's
‘eross-channé ience. Why is
this important for Rank?

Historical, Rank has addressed its
customer audiences via wo distinc channels
venues and online. Due to channel specific
technology and team structures, customer
relationships have typically been conducted
Independent ofeach other, regardless of
whether a customer played with usin both
environments. This single-channel approsch
tocustomer service limits our understanding
and ability to moet their needs

Customers expecta seamless experience
whether engaging with the brand in avenue
bronline. To ensure we better meet their
‘eds, we must deepen our understanding
oftheir motivations and remove the bariers
that prevent a seamless engagement with

Customers are looking for unique
experiences and rewards, the ably to
socialise more ~ especially in venues ~ an
increased chance of winning and always the
‘il of playing

We must provide our customers with more
reasons 1 choose our brands by widening
the variety of games. engendering a sense
of belonging and community. providing
recognition and rewards for cross-channel
play and ensuring the ease and convenience
of panicipation to enhance brand trust

and credibly.

‘This is not simply about converting single-
channel users to muli-channel users but
about delivering brilliant experiences
across all luchpoints, whenever and
wherever the customer chooses to play
with us.

Rank is effectively reorienting towants
an improved customer-centric model,
enhancing both in-venue and di
experiences, to unlock significant value

you the confidence that
Rank is well placed to deliver on this
for bothits customers and its
shareholders?

‘There are a number of dynamics in our
favour which wil break down int three

High cross-channel play: We knov that
57% of regula casino customers and 50%
of regular bingo customers play both in
venue and online. So. ifyou compare that
With the fact that just 5% of our Grosvenor
venues customer base and 9% of our Mecca
venues customer base also play with us
online, we have immediate hesdroom for
organic growth

Potential market: Grosvenor venues enjoy
136% share of the UK land-based casino
‘market, whilst Mecea has 2% of he UK
land-based bingo marke, yet we only enjoy
small single digit percentage of the overall
‘online gambling market

There are approximately 400,000 regular
casino cross-channel customers and
£800,000 regular bingo eross-channel
‘customers inthe UK. representing a large
potential market for us to acquire.

«

Customers expect a
seamless experience
whether engaging with
the brand ina venue
oronline.

be]

Spending behaviour: And in terms of
assessing possible vale to the brands,
across both existing and new customers.
we believe that crost-channel customers
are worth more to our businesses than
{customers who only play with us through
one channel

‘So how is Rank evolving to meet the
change in customer needs?

We are focusing on five key areas:
Integrated and seamless engagement:
We are progressing towanls integrated
cross-channel engagement, moving from
standalone channels toa unified customer

experience.

historically had ancedotal evidence of
customer preferences due largely to data
limitations resulting from separate accounts
for venues and digital platforms. We are
evolving towards a real-time ‘single view’
ofthe customer to improve personalised
experiences.

Colleague engagement: To achieve this
we need an intemal emphasis on creating
‘unified mindset for delivering seamless
experiences across both venues and digital
platforms amongst our colleagues,

‘Technology development: To underpin
these objectives, we have already made
significant progress by acquiring
proprietary digital gaming platforms,
launching singlewalles and developing
single customer views. Our future
impro

---

ormation
‘Commissioners Officer. inline with GDPR.
‘andthe Data Protection Act

suppliers
‘We carried out full ue diligence, supplier
‘evaluation and risk management and
Contract negotiations with Microso.
Databricks, Bi-Procsi (Data Consultants)
and Infogain (Databricks Engineers) 10,
‘ensure project and business risks were
mitigated and new supplies property
‘onboarded

‘Shareholders and investors
Management and the Board were mindful of
‘how powerful the impact of deep mining”
‘an be on the long-term business value by
helping provide richer and deeper customer
insighvlengagement and stronger brand
positioning.

Key £86 considerations
Dala is architected ulising a Data
‘Lakehouse methodology. This approach to
data management ensures that only the data
that needs fo be processed is processed and
this has enabled the data tam to reduce the
cost of operating data by over a third

Deploying Databricks's industry leading
technology has assisted Rank in retaining
Itsvalued employees as they continue

to lear and increase theirvalue tothe
business. staying ahead of trends in data
‘management. Furler, he increased focus

technology. has mace Rank a more attractive
destination for data practitioners, who have
historically been dificult to attract.

Actions and outcomes

‘The Board approved the platform

development, and the changes were made

withthe following improvements:

~ All operational reporting is delivered
eatie than previously thus enabling
decisions tobe made more promptly.
Historically data was occasionally
‘unavailable to end users due tothe
instability ofthe previous data platforms.

~ Over 420 datasets have been ingested
into the new data platform, making them
really accessible for engineers and
developers to access quickly.

~ CEP receives data from 28 systems and
the ist is growing monthly to suppor the
‘customer and business insight teams

~ Data quality rules have been implemented
with end users reporting improvements
inthe timelines and quality of data they

~ Machine Learning Models (Al) have been
migrated onto CEP, enabling them to take
arivantage ofthe richer, beter-qualiy
data,

= Over 50 management reports and
‘dashboards are now built on CEP.
leading to better quality management
information.

~ Regular monitoring and system alerts
have been bull to enable the data eam
‘to proactively engage with data providers
to ensure daa is always available and