rR) GRUP

f : Delivering growth, fh

oyna ei pits oa
Onganiis growth cndleash

Finencial Ks

Statutory KPIS

£795°4m) [&732°7 .

2 ‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

ce ce EN es SS et ses mes Os es ee me ce ome vee veces ees sees eres Dg sme wees Dee De

Contents

Se ey
Chair's welcome

Page 8

=
Gambling Act Review

Page 21

Key financial highlights

Introduction

2
4

6 Investment case

8. _ Chairs wolcome _.

Group Overview. fotos
12 Business modet

la iuenrande

16 _Ourglobal teams and culture

18 Market review

21 Gambling Act Review

Strategic Report

32 Statement from the Chief Executive

36 Ourstrategic pillars _

42 Ourkey performance indicators

44 Business review

58 Section 172 statement

66 Sustainability

{ statement from
the Chief Executive
Page 32

L .

a et

The Rank Group Pie 2025 Annual Report

Business review .

Page 44

a

94 Improving our risk management approach

104 Alternative performance measures

106 Compliance statements

Governance

112 Chairs introduction to Governance

114 Governance at a glance

M16 Howwe are governed

121 Our Board and Executive Committee

128 Our culture and workforce engagement

130 __ Nominations Committee Report
136" “Audit Committes Report ~ >

144 _ E86 & Safer Garnbling Committee Report

152 Finance & Disclosure Committee Report

154 _ Remuneration Committee Report

188 Remuneration at a glance

159 __ Annual Report on Remuneration

172 Directors’ Report

176 __ Directors’ Responsibilities

Financial Statements

180 Independent auditor's report

192 Group income statement

193 Group statement of comprehensive income

194 Balance sheets

196 Statements of changes in equity

198 Statements of cash flow

200 _ Notes to the financial statements

260 Five-year review

261 Shareholder information

Introduction

Whoweche

Over the course of more than

| twee-quarters of a century, Rank
| has entertained millions of

| customers in Britain and around)

| the world. The Group's story is one
: Of conic francis and talented)

| people.

fOunpurpose

hea Asses ealeeielr eles Auld
oer embernants
We woctiowe is vou
ratectng
and expectutons of cr custorer,
“communities

‘communties

‘Toexkocnd cmartctin

rromycolleague)
ftocustomer

Rank cap colleagues.
an (lett);

ie os

Investment case
Positioned to deliver continued
growth in revenue and profitability

To excite and to entertain our customers

Grosvenor
sustained
growth

Technology and data

Digital
accelerated
growth

‘Safer gambling

Cash
maximisation
in bingo

Gambling
Act Review

People and culture

Grosvenor sustained

growth

Delivering sustained
underlying growth is the
strategic priority of the
Grosvenor Casinos business.
Applying a consistent focus
on improving our products,
raising our service levels,
and improving our approach
to, and management of, risk.
we have emerged from the
recovery phase that marked
the post-pandemic years
and are delivering strong
underlying growth.

Excluding the benefits
which will be derived from
the Gambling Act Review

we are confident that we can
grow Grosvenor's weekly Net
Gaming Revenue from £7.3m
(FY 2024/25) to c. £8.0m in
the medium term.

Digital accelerated
growth

‘There is plenty of runway for
our digital business. 2024/25
has been a year of impressive
progress, showcasing strong
returns on the investments
we have made in our
proprietary platforms. Our
product and customer
experience improvements
continue to resonate with
customers, and our revenue
growth is underscored by our
approach to safer gambling
which benefits from

the proprietary Hawkeye
system we use to monitor
customer behaviour.

We continue to expect to
operate towards the upper
end of our previously stated
guidance of 8-12% NGR
CAGR and 600bps of margin
improvement, despite
headwinds which include
the new statutory levy and
the Gambling Act Review
restrictions on maximum slot
staking limits.

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Cash maximisation
inbingo

Our estate of bingo clubs in
the UK and Spain are on an
improving trajectory towards
making a more positive
contribution to Group profit
and cash flow. Our 50 Mecca
venues in the UK have made
solid progress in growing
revenues and in targeting
double digit operating profit
in the medium term, whilst
targeted investments in

our Enracha clubs in Spain
continue to position these
venues as market leaders in
their local communities.

Gambling Act Review

When the land-based casino
reforms in England and
Wales, as set out in the
Government's Gambling

Act Review, passed onto the
statute book in July 2025,

it heralded a landmark
development for the Group.

To a large extent, what we are
able to offer to our customers
and the extent to which we
are able to make investments,
is determined by decisions
taken in Westminster and
Whitehall. We try to secure
outcomes which will better
meet the needs of our
customers which has been,
and remains, a key strategic
priority.

In spite of some of the
headwinds, most notably in
the UK digital business, and
delays to the implementation
of land-based bingo

reforms, Rank will be net
beneficiaries of the Gambling
Act Review and we look
forward to implementing

the reforms which will help
Grosvenor Casinos better
meet customer demand

and improve the customer
proposition.

Technology and data

Continued investment in
the development of our
technology and in how

we capture, store, analyse
and utilise our data are
generating considerable
customer-facing benefits
and driving operational
efficiencies across our
businesses. Al is enabling
us to develop our technology
at greater speed, to analyse
data in real time and to drive
increasingly relevant and
personlised experiences for
our customers. . .

Key developments within
our proprietary technology
over the coming year will
further deliver on our goal
of enabling seamless cross-
channel experiences for our
customers.

Safer gambling

Underpinning our work to
excite and entertain our
customers is a commitment
to ensuring they are

playing safely. Developing
sustainable relationships
with our customers supports

our ambitions to deliver long-

term growth for the Group.

By providing excellent
customer service in highly
regulated environments,

we believe that customers

appreciate the protections

weé provide and the safe
environments they enjoy.

‘The Rank Group Pie 2025 Annual Report

People and culture

Giving our customers the
best experiences that they
deserve requires talented,
focused and enthusiastic
colleagues.

Creating working
environments in our
venues and support offices
that enable colleagues to
consistently deliver their
goals is vital to the success
of the Group.

Through high quality
recruitment, retention and .
reward, we are able to power
Rank's strategy with the very
best talent.

Gheitswelsome
Aextiniedy

Amnon ra Cem
rdemonstratesitheunderlyingimomentum]
conescD Ranks busthnasssay onrtelamac)
Ra eee iesaecerouctcan,
Inextichapter, deliveringlourstrategy)
Srritingenienterainingjouemstoricls
‘and|driving

Shareholderreturnss

8 The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Dear Stakeholder,

I am pleased to share the Rank Group Plc's 2025
Annual Report and Accounts which showcases our
financial, operational and sustainability performance,
and the progress we have made in each of those
areas. Across our land-based venues, digital
businesses and support offices, our commitment to
delivering a first-rate, customer-centric offering has
been rewarded with Group LFL net gaming revenue
(‘NGR) increasing by 11% and operating profit
increasing by 38% on the prior year.

o

Our commitment
to securing
strong returns
oninvestment

is steadfast and
we are seeing
the clear results
of this disciplined
approach.

bod

Underlying’ net gaming
revenue (’NGR’)

WL pels
wip's643

wy'l.93

2022/23 2023/24 2024/28

The strongest revenue and profit growth rates
have come in those parts of the Group where we
have directed our most significant investment,
namely the digital business and our Grosvenor
venues. Our commitment to securing strong
returns on investment is steadfast, and we are
seeing the clear results of this disciplined
approach

Embedded within our strategy is a non-
negotiable focus on using technology and

data to better meet customer needs, delivering
market-leading safer gambling protections

for our customers, and leveraging our People
and Culture capabilities to power the Group's
performance. These three focus areas underpin
the operational deliverables in all our businesses
and the strategic report illustrates how we have
continued to refine our approach.

The most significant development in our sector
has been the Government's Gambling Act
Review which, in the round, we have identified
as a materially net positive outcome for Rank,
in particular the opportunities that will be
offered to our land-based venues businesses.
We were pleased to see the Government's
critical statutory instruments for land-based
casino reforms pass through Parliament and
into law over the summer, and we are now
looking forward to realising the benefits of
these modernisations.

Leveraging these reforms, along with the
operational and product improvements that

are clearly delivering strong underlying growth,
will be key to building on the 1.8m visits to
our casinos and bingo venues this year from
customers who continue to be excited and
entertained by what we offer.

Governance Report

In our Governance Report, we look at how our
Board oversees the strategic management and
progress of the Group. Ensuring that shareholder
and stakeholder interests are properly
represented is at the heart of how the Board
operates, and this report provides the detail
behind that work, as well as explaining how we
fulfil our regulatory obligations and effectively
manage risk.

In particular, the Report addresses how we
have been advancing our culture and ED&I
frameworks; our response to legislative and
regulatory change; the mitigation of risk
and our assurance of the effectiveness of
our internal controls.

Disclosure strategy

We continue to develop our disclosures in line
with regulatory requirements and best practice,
fully committed to ensuring transparency

at all times.

T hope this Annual Report and Accounts
provides clear and comprehensive insight

into the Group's performance and culture and
demonstrates the reasons why we are confident
in the outlook for Rank. As ever, I welcome your
feedback on the contents and look forward to
your engagement

Alex Thursby
Chair

1. Underlying measures exclude the impact of umortisation of acquired intangibles: profit or loss on disposal of businesses: acquisition and disposal
costs including changes to deferred or contingent consideration: impairment charges: reversal of impairment charges: restructuring costs as part
of an announced programme and discontinued operations, should they occur in the period. Collectively these items are referred to as separately

disclosed items.

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

From\colleague:
ito customer

FIND OUT MORE ABOUT THE PROGRESS,
‘OF GROSVENOR CASINOS IN|

PAGES 4470 47>)

(croup underlying LFL net gaming revenue

Cr

i a ae

INcustomenscentricubrandgled

Opportunities Operating
model

The Group is well positioned to Delivering seamless, cross-channel customer

benefit from a number experiences which excite and entertain is ou

of advantageous dynamics aim. With leading brands, supported by our

which present a range of proprietary technology and talented teams,

organic and transformational we are committed to operating in a

growth drivers. sustainable way that promotes safer
fefetanloliiate)

Regulatory changes, delivered through the United Kingdom
Gambling Act Review, -_
opportunities for us to mee! Digital
the expectations of our c ners in our

Grosvenor Casinos. -
Technology
Platform

A programme of estate refurbishment
and modernisation will ensure our venues
continue to appeal to our loyal cus!

ill attract new custome

g and ent
Seamless
Customer
—___—_—— —— Experience
Technology and data increasingly provides
with real time player insights which
will improve the quality of our customer
interactions and optimise marketing
initiatives. Brands

Technology
a Platform
Our approach and commitment to
sustainability, including our journey to a
Net Zero Pathway, ensures we are focused
ring long-term benefits across aa
International

initiatives, in our venues and across our
digital brands, will drive loyalty and bro
our customer base.

Expanding into new territories and
leveraging the competitive advantage of
‘our scale in delivering seam

channel experiences demands that w

2 ‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annuol Report

Competitive
advantages

Grosvenor, Mecca and
Enracha are market-
leading brands, with
large estates to support
our casino and:bingo-
led cross-channel
capabilities.

Revenue
streams

We generate most
of our revenue
through casino-led
and bingo-led
betting.in our
venues and online.

Caper O86O

Value
created

Revenue and profit
growth underpin
strong.and sustainable
financial outcomes for
the Group.

Market-leading brands and high
customer recognition in the UK
and Spain provide strong brand
eqjuity ang ain enviaiole pieitrorm
for marketing initiatives.

Our Casinos derive most

of their revenue from table
goming, electronic gaming,
gaming macnines ano,

in some venues, poker.

Our casinos and bingo clubs enjoy
prime locations in major towns and
cities across the UK and Spain. Most
of our casinos are large enough

to ensure we will benefit from the
Gamhling act casing reforms

Our Mecca clubs offer
mainstage bingo, interval
games, gaming machines
‘and an increasingly broad
range of live entertainment to
neal ta brand audiences
‘and drive revenue streams.

Our proprietary technology in
digital puts the roadmap for
improvements and initiatives in our
own hands. We are agile, ambitious
and leveraging the benefits of our
platform across our brands

Our Enracha clubs are much
more than bingo venues:
they combine bingo with

© sports betting offering,
gaming machines and live
entertainment to generate
revenues.

Engaged teams are the bedrock of
hospitallity businesses like ‘ours. We
attract and retain colleagues who
excite and entertain our customers
with first-rate service and a non-
negotiable commitment to ensuring
safer gambling

Our clubs offer Food &
Beverage options to suit
the local market and the
venue, including fine dining
in a number of our London
casinos.

Dedicated and agile support teams
are geared towards ensuring our
customer-facing colleagues are
able to do their brilliant best. We
are a 24/7 business and our teams
benefit from the expertise provided
by support specialists.

Our digital brands are
casino-led and bingo-led
and we offer a full suite of
leading slots games and
sports betting via Grosvenor
Sports.

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

UK and Spanish digital
portfolio covering casino,
bingo, slots and sports.

Investors
Underlying LFL operating profit

“£63.7m_~

Underlying EPS

9.1p _

Dividend

2.60p

Customers
Customer NPS

54

Colleagues
tmnployee engagement score

8.3/10 (Upper quartile)

Regulators
Good working relationship

Breaches/fines

Zero

Communities
Charitable funds raised

£401k

Suppliers
Suppliers where supply chain
management is implemented

154

Environment
Absolute carbon emissions

16,498 tCOze

Our brands
Leveraging our brands to excite and to entertain

14

Grosvenor
Casinos

The UK's largest multi-channel
casino operator with 50 venues.
The brand offers a range of
casino table games, including
roulette, blackjack, baccarat
and poker as well as electronic
roulette and gaming machines
ulunyside bars, restaurants
and broader entertainment
experiences.

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annuat Report

Mecca

Mecca is Rank’s community-
gaming brand - anda
household name - in the

UK market. A national portfolio
ot 50 venues oftering bingo,
gaming machines, great
value food and drink and

live entertainment.

Enracha

Enracha is Rank’s community-
gaming business for the Spanish
market. Nine venues offering

a range of popular games
including bINgd, electronic
casino and slots, sports betting,
great value food and drink

and livo ontortainmont.

enracha

“plattorms.'*

——

Digital

Our digital portfolio includes
our established market leading
brands, Mecca and Grosvenor
for the UK market and Yo and
Enracha for the Spanish market.
The Group also operates nine
UK digital-only brands, all
delivered to the consumer on
Rank’s proprietary technology _

© 03009 |

B enracha bucky

LUCKY
spin&win eVED®
J. MAGICAL:, Utel
"VEGAS~ —Glagal fins
ikithy

130.
YoCasino
YoSports

bellacasino
a

YoBingo

a woe TN
i
i
i
|

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Net gaming revenue

Totai net gaming revenue

08

vas [a

iFL net gaming revenue

>
zo2alas

wake

Grosvenor Venues

@14

aoaalae

Mecca Venues

@S%

wars CORE

Enracha Venues

®9%

2024/28 [_]€40.2m

Digital

@10%

Our global teams

To support the
seamless delivery
of our brands across
our land-based

and digital channels,
the Group operates
its technology
development,
delivery and
operations teams

in anumber

of geographic
locations.

Total colleagues

7,/00+

Venues colleagues

6,500

Digital colleagues

500

Technology colleagues

300

Corporate colleagues

400+

16 The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

uKOO

Farparnte

Venues leadership and support teams
Venues product and customer support
Venues and technology support
Digital customer support

Spain®

Corporate

Venues leadership and support teams
Venues product and customer support
Venues and technology support
Gibraltar @

Digital leadership and delivery

Digital product support

Ceuta @
Digital leadership and delivery
Digital product and customer support

Multa @
Digital product and customer support

Mauritius @
Technology and customer support
Group operational support

South Africa
lecnnology development

—.——--/

The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Our culture

Rank’s culture encourages colleagues
to take ownership of their roles and
promotes collaborative working to
create supportive work environments.

Upholding our core values of Service, Teamwork.
Ambition, Responsibility and Solutions (‘STA
our colleagues are e cl to play an active role
in driving Rank’s cultur
organisational behaviours. This extends to creatin
healthy interpersonal.dynamics which impact
Group’s performance. our strat ambitions,
sustainable growth and driv

Our values

Service

We start with the customer. We do
everything in our power.to cleliver

special service y tiny

Teamwork

We pull together cross brands, channels
and locations to perform at our very best

Ambition

We challenge the way we do things and

explore new ways to excite ar ntertain our
competition.

Solutions
We act positivel
problems quickly and find ways to solve

Market review
Customer and industry trends are always evolving
We recognise and account for external factors to
ensure we are able to deliver our investment case

Macro trends

Our geographies

In the UK and Spain our brands enjoy leading market
positions. Our scale allows us to withstand variations in
consumer behaviours and macro-economic changes, and
to take advantage of the impacts that these changes have
‘on competitors in the wider industry. The strength of our
brands, in both the UK and Spain, is a key competitive
advantage and we are confident that we have considerable
opportunity to deliver continued strong growth. We will,
therefore, only consider entering other geographies where
we identify perceived competitive strength and opportunity.
In the coming year, we expect to enter Portugal with
YoBingo, which will be the first bingo brand in the
Portuguese market.

Regulation

Gambling is very tightly regulated with the regulations
established by legislation. In order to meet the
expectations of today’s consumers, we seek to ensure that
the sectors in which we operate are well understood by
parliamentarians, ministers, officials, and our regulator.
In the UK, the passage of the Government's Gambling

Act Review has resulted in very significant changes in
legislation and regulation and we will see further changes
over the coming year as Government policy is further
reviewed, subject to public consultations and, where
appropriate, implemented.

Our approach is to seek a correct balance between
ensuring important customer protections are in place
alongside regulation that enables our businesses to meet
the demands of our customers which will, in turn, enable
Rank to grow responsibly.

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Customer behaviours

Our customers rightly expect us to provide exciting and
entertaining experiences when they choose to play with us,
and the way in which we deliver these experiences must
evolve to account for changing behaviours. Our venues
help us to showcase our values, with exceptional customer
service a pre-requisite across all our teams. In our venues
and online, our data teams look to provide high-quality
insight into trends and expectations as we look to anticipate
customer change and positively respond to it in an agile
and authentic way.

Economic pressures

We are a large-scale operator in both the UK and Spain
and that enables us to identify mitigations in inflationary
environments. Employment costs remain the most
significant operating cost, and changes announced in

the Autumn 2024 UK Budget have impacted profitability.
However, we continually seek to deploy our key resources
across the Group to maximise efficiencies and address the
economic pressures that exist within our supply chains.

Venues

Land-based casinos

Grosvenor is the largest land-based casino operator in the
UK with 50 venues in most of the largest towns and cities
across the UK. The total number of operating casinos in the
UKis 111. giving Grosvenor a 45% share of the UK market
in terms of venue numbers.

The Gambling Act Review reforms will deliver material
benefits to the Grosvenor business. Additional gaming
machines will be rolled out in our venues, commencing in
Q1 2025/26. We also plan to offer sports betting in 38 of
our casinos.

In recent years, the UK market has been constrained by the
maximum limit of 20 gaming machines per casino licence
which, all too often, has resulted in demand for machines
exceeding supply. The modernisations will address that
imbalance and will also provide a welcome stimulus to
international gaming machine manufacturers for whom the
UK market has hitherto been unappealing. More suppliers
will create more competition and customers will ultimately
benefit from a more vibrant gaming machine experience
as part of the wider casino appeal. Larger casinos will be
able to benefit from higher machine numbers than smaller
venues, according to a sliding scale of machine allocations
and, over time, this has the potential to lead to larger
venues.

We currently utilise 70 licences across our 50 venues,
using two and, in our Nottingham and Glasgow Merchant
City casinos, three licences to better meet our customers’
expectations, specifically in terms of gaming machine ~
supply. We currently have seven unused/dormant licences.
Aswe roll out more gaming machines across our estate in
the coming months and years, as a result of the changes
enabled by the Gambling Act Review, we are likely to see an
increase in the number of dormant licences as a result of
the removal of second and third licences in our casinos.

There are considerable barriers to entry in the UK casino
sector, with the number and location of licences tightly
controlled by legislation. The extra provision of dormant
licences, however, will provide us with opportunities for
new openings within permitted areas, subject to local
authority planning permission.

The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Group Overview @

Land-based bingo
There are 247 operating bingo venues in the UK, of which
Mecca operates 50.

Ultimately, bingo is a liquidity game and the over-supply
of bingo clubs has-now been largely addressed, with
remaining clubs increasingly vibrant with strong liquidity
and, consequently, strong prize boards which sustain the
liquidity.

The mainstage game of bingo remains the primary driver
of customer visits, but customers also enjoy good value
food and drink and a gaming machine offering that we
have invested in significantly over the course of the year.
Alongside this, we provide live entertainment in clubs as
part of the rounded Mecca experience.

In Spain, the landscape is different. More clubs operate and
there are many more operators compared to the UK.

Our nine Enracha clubs are high quality, flagship venues in
the towns and cities where they are located. Bingo remains
popular across a wide demographic in Spain and the
growing popularity of gaming machine arcades and sports
betting has offset some of the traditional bingo decline.

Spanish venues are often less bingo-centric with a
‘multi-game’ proposition increasingly popular, which is
particularly relevant to a younger demographic in Spanish
venues. We are confident that our flagship Enracha venues,
with the scale and ability to flex the customer proposition.
will continue to enjoy competitive advantage.

Market review

Digital

UK

The UK digital gambling market is a world-leading,
technology-powered industry which has experienced
significant growth over the course of the past two decades,
in particular, since the passage of the 2005 Gambling

Act. It is highly regulated but presents structurally
appealing opportunities for operators to drive growth
through continued innovation. Our ambition is to deliver
accelerated growth and increase our scale in digital, and
we have made strong progress.

Digital customers are seeking personalised, authentic
digital experiences in a safe and trusted environment.
Intuitive gaming experiences that reflect individual choice
and preferences have replaced a one-size-fits-all approach,
and real time interactions with frictionless banking and
payouts are critical as operators seek to meet and exceed
customer expectations.

We have significant competitive advantage courtesy of our
50 Mecca bingo clubs and our 50 Grosvenor Casinos, being
the largest bingo and casino brands respectively, which
provide us with a clear journey towards offering seamless,
cross-channel experiences in a way that competitors
cannot replicate.

For Mecca, more chances to win, and an experience

that seamlessly reflects the bingo club proposition,

are important drivers of differentiation. Online casino
players will also seek digital experiences that mirror the
excitement and entertainment found in their favourite
venues, and will rightly expect to find the newest games,
best functionality and smoothest player journey from
Grosvenor. Loyalty must be cherished and rewarded and,
at all times, the security of playing with licensed, regulated
operators is important in terms of ensuring suitable player
protection.

rs ee er

'
| .
f

VS

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

International

The Spanish digital gambling market is highly competitive.
Legislative changes in 2024, enabling more advertising
and promotion within the market, increased the extent of
competition, particularly in terms of new market entrants.
YoBingo, our core brand in the Spanish digital market, has
ac. 50% share of the bingo market, and provides a platform
on which to promote its sister sites, YoCasino and YoSports.

We are looking forward to launching in Portugal. YoBingo
is in the final phase of the homologation process with an
expectation that the brand will go live during 2025/26,
becoming the first online bingo operator in Portugal.

Gamblin
Act
Review

land-based casino
reforms become law

g

‘The Rank Group Pie 2025 Annual Report

Gambling Act Review
Overview

In December 2020, the UK Government
embarked Upon d review of gambling
legislation and regulation. Prior

to this date, and since the process
commenced, Rank has clearly

identified thataonceinageneration

‘| Gambl

---

ducting
customer incentives. Underlying NGR increased by 8% in
the year with all business units in growth.

Net debt

Net debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and
short-term deposits. Net debt decreased in the year due to
improvements in cash generated from operations.

2024/25 £795.4m

sels | __£130.8m|

2023/24 734.7m 2023/24 £1925m
2022/23 £681.9m 2022/23 £174.9m
Underlying! operating profit/(loss) Underlying’? EPS

Underlying operating profit provides a picture of the
underlying performance and is a key indicator of the
Group's success in delivering top-line growth while
controlling costs. Underlying operating profit increased
131% in the year with all business units in growth.

Underlying EPS is a key indicator of the Group's growth
before allowing for separately disclosed items. Underlying
EPS increased to 5.9p.

2024/25 £63.7

souls pt

2023/24 £46,3m

a
2023/24 5.8p|

2022/23 £18.5m.

2022/23, 1p.

‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Stakeholder KPIs

Customer Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’)

NPS is a key indicator of customer loyalty by looking at
their likelihood of recommending our offer. Customer NPS.
increased to 54 from 52 in the prior year.

2024/25 +54
2023/24 +52
2022/23 +43

Employee engagement score

Employee engagement score serves as our key
performance indicator for employee satisfaction and

is linked to executive remuneration. Achieving a score
of 8.3 this year, we exceeded our target of 8.1 and
achieved a four-point increase on last year's score of 7.9.

moses ee)

awatee | rs

2022/23 N/A

The Rank Group Pie 2025 annuini Repart

Strategic Report

Dividend per share
Dividend per share is the sum of declared dividends issued
by the Company for every ordinary share outstanding.

The continuing recovery in profitability combined with
the Group's balance sheet strength gives the Board the

confidence to propose a resumption of ordinary dividend
payments.

roasies | 2.609)

2023/24 0.85p

2022/23 Op

1. Underlying measures exclude the impact of amonisation of acquired intangibles:
profit or loss on disposal of businesses: acquisition and disposal costs including
‘changes to deferred or contingent consideration: impairment charges: reversat of
impairment charges; restructuring costs es pert of an announced programme and
discontinued operations, should they occur in the period. Collectively these items
are referred to as separately disclosed items. For the reconciliation of these KPIs to
the reported measures of the Group's continuing operations. refer to the APM section
fon page 105

2, Before discontinued operations.

43

Business Review
Grosvenor Venues

Sustained underlying improved performance,"
with casino reforms set to provide a step-
change for customers and Grosvenor
profitability.

44 ‘The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

ee ae ee ee ee a

‘The Rank Group Plc 2025 Annual Report

Strategic Report

Key financial performance indicators
2o24{a5 2023/24
m em

endings
LFL!NGR 378.4 331.3 14%
London 17.5 108.1 9%
Rest of the UK 260.9 223.2 7%
Total NGR 378.4 331.3 14%
Underlying? LFL’ 32.0 237 35%
operating profit
Total operating profit 29.8 16.5 RIN

Neaults aio procontod on a ita for ky CLFL) vaste wets sanoens te inne
of club openings, clu closures, furuigu eaclauige movements and discontinued
operations.

Before the impact of separately disclosed items.

The Grosveuur Cusiuus business has
delivered another year ofvery strong
revenue and earnings growth.

Underlying LFL NGR grew 14% compared to the prior year,
and at a higher rate than the 9% growth seen in 2023/24.
The average weekly NGR for the year was £7.3m per week,
up from £6.3m in the prior year and ahead of the target of
achieving average weekly revenues of £7m per week. In

the interim results we increased our expectations that,
excluding the legislative reforms tn the Gambling Act
Roviow, we would grow Grosvenor's average weekly NGR ta
at least £8.0m per week in the medium term. The success of
2024/25 positions the business firmly on this pathway.

The revenue growth was delivered through visitor numbers
growing 3% and an increase of 11% in spend per visit

The business saw an improvement in table margin of 1.7
percentage points in the year, the result of continued
benefits from the investment in both table equipment

and the table management system being progressively
rolled out across the estate. London venues grew NGR

9% with the rest of the UK growing 17%. The relative
underperformance of our London venues is largely the result
of the major refurbishment works at the Grosvenor Victoria
Casino (The Vic) on London's Edgware Road, which took
place from October 2024 and successfully concluded in July
2025. Excluding The Vic, LFL NGR grew 21% in London.

The revenue growth being delivered in the Grosvenor
business is the result of the significant and targeted
investments that we have made in our venues, an
improved product offering, improvements to customer risk
management, and our people and culture. They are an
encouraging prelude to the growth that we anticipate as a
result of the land-based casino reforms of higher machine
allocations and sports betting which came into forco on 22
July 2025.

45

Business Review
Grosvenor Venues

Ata product level, table gaming revenues grew 18% on the
prior year, benefitting from the 1.7 percentage point increase
in Uhe Lablo gaming margin and growth in ctakos/handle.

Electronic gaming revenues grew 21% on the prior year. In
total, 726 electronic roulette terminals have been upgraded
since January 2022, at a cost of £10.7m, with 545 new
terminals upgraded in the past year. Blackjack and baccarat
have also been added to the electronic offering to broaden
the customer appeal.

Increasingly, our customers enjoy the appeal of gaming
machines, ul legislation has hitherto constrained the
supply of machines resulting in unmet customer demand.
LEL growth in the year has, therefore, been relatively modest
at 8%. We expect this will be transformed with the rollout

of now gaming machines, permitted by th increase in
machine allocations from 22. July 2025. As well as increasing
the number of machines, we are working to

---

bank facilities for a further 12 months.
ensuring appropriate financing is in place until January
2028. We have significant headroom against all the
financial covenants associated with our bank facilities.

2024/25 2023/24
‘£m &m.

‘Operating profit from continuing 637 463
operations

Depreciation and amortisation 528 477
Working capital and others 109 251
Cash inflow from operations 127.4 119.1
Capital expenditure (58.5) (48.7)
Net interest and tox (2.0) (57)
Lease payments (39.7) (39.0)
Cashflows in relation to SOIs os (01)
Net free cash flow 277 276
Business disposal 38 (08)
Dividend paid (7.0) -
Total cash inflow 24.5 26.8
Opening net cash / (debt) pre IFRS 16 209 (59)
Closing net cash pre IFRS 16 45.4 20.9
IFRS 16 lease liabilities (1762) (153.4)
Closing net debt post IFRS 16 (130.8) (132.5)

Whilst still an inflow, working capital was lower in 2024/25
due to the reinstatement of employee bonuses in the prior
year.

The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Statement from the Chief Executive
John O'Reilly

Capital allocation policy and dividend

It is the Board's primary intention to ensure the Group
maintains a strong balance sheet position and has
appropriate financing in place to manage operational
requirements.

We have introduced return on capital employed (ROCE)
as an alternative performance measure on which we

will regularly report and which will form part of senior
management remuneration. In 2024/25, ROCE was 14.5%,
up from 10.3% in 2023/24 and 4.0% in 2022/23.

The Group will continue to invest capital in a disciplined
manner to generate attractive returns by improving the
customer proposition and maximising the opportunity
presented by the forthcoming land-based casino reforms.
This includes addressing the historical backlog of
infrastructure investment that is required to ensure our
venues are operating effectively, an area in which we have
made good progress over the last two years.

Growth capital expenditure is subject to strict hurdle
rates, typically with a payback of three years or less. We
will prioritise investment in venues based on the clearest
growth opportunities, the competitive potential in local
markets, and investments that allow us to quickly assess
the impacts of the land-based casino reforms.

The Group will make returns to shareholders by way of an
ordinary dividend, operating a progressive dividend policy,
with a payout ratio that is expected to grow to over 35% in
the medium term.

After consideration of inorganic growth opportunities that
align with the Group's strategic plan, any surplus capital
will be returned to shareholders through supplementary
returns at the Board's discretion.

In line with the above dividend policy, the Board is
recommending a final dividend of 1.95 pence per share.
Subject to shareholder approval, the final dividend will

be paid on 24 October 2025 to shareholders on the register
as at 19 September 2025. The total dividend declared

for 2024/25 is 2.60 pence per share, up from 0.85 pence
in 2023/24.

Sustainability update
Rank's approach and commitment to sustainability

continues to revolve around four focus areas: Customers,
Colleagues, Environment and Communi

Customers

We are dedicated to the safe play of our Customers, with
safer gambling being at the heart of everything we do.
Through promotion of messaging and the availability of
tools to support safe play, we empower our customers to bet
and play responsibly across all products and all channels.
We continue to refine our approach, introducing additional
ways of raising awareness and new methods to detect
at-risk play. This year, we commenced a pilot exercise to
enhance safer gambling awareness for online customers
through the use of display messaging while they are
logged in and active. We were also particularly proud to
receive the European Safer Gambling Initiative Award for
our development and use of Hawkeye, our in-house live
customer monitoring platform.

We have retained a safer gambling customer feedback
score of 84% this year and, while we are pleased with this,
we are targeting an improvement through the continued
progression of our player protection approach. We
recorded an above-target Customer Net Promoter Score
(NPS) of 54, which reflects the significant enhancements
we have implemented in our product and service offering.
including the introduction of new customer service portals
for our digital brands.

Our colleagues play a vital role in how effectively we
deliver safer gambling. We provide regular training,
including in our Spanish business where we have
developed programmes for our colleagues in partnership
with organisations that address gambling addiction. A
three-point increase in our safer gambling eNPS (which
measures colleague sentiment on how Rank performs on
safer gambling) to 72. underlines the progress we continue
to make and exceeded our target for the year.

Colleagues

For our Colleagues, our employee value proposition, ‘Work.
Win. Grow.’, continues to be reflected across the colleague
experience, enabling our teams to thrive in an inclusive
working environment through engaging work. We have
evolved our talent and learning strategy, introduced more
places on our mentoring programme, launched in-person
strategy days for our UK digital business, and advanced
Grosvenor's Like to Love programme. The success of

these efforts is evident in the four-point increase in

our employee engagement score to 8.3. We continue to
promote equality, diversity, and inclusion across the Group.
Our representation of women in senior roles stands at
32%, with further progress to be made, and we are pleased
to report an improved mean gender pay gap with a mean
gender pay gap of 11.7%, below the UK average of 13.1%
(source: ons.gov.uk, 2024 data).

The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Strategic Report

Environment

In terms of Environment, we have made significant
progress on our journey towards a Net Zero Pathway.

This year, we achieved an above-target reduction of 5,520
tCOze in absolute carbon emissions. We also formally
launched our Environmental Policy, which enshrines our
commitment to reducing our carbon emissions

---

and the confidence
in the outlook for the Grosvenor business are underpinned
by our commitment to safer gambling and the approach we
take to customer risk management. Our aim is the successful
early identification of potentially harmful play, triggering
timely and appropriate customer interactions which protect
our customers but minimise unnecessary customer friction.
Supporting our colleagues in delivering high quality
interactions by developing their skillsets and equipping
them with timely data helps us to ensure the customers who
require support receive it in an appropriate way. Our Safer
Gambling Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS), which
measures how likely our colleagues are to recommend
Grosvenor's approach to safer gambling practices, increased
from 64 to 72 over the year and Grosvenor's safer gambling
customer feedback score improved to 88% (2023/24: 85%).

Grosvenor's cultural transformation programme ‘From
Like To Love’ continued to be developed over the course of
the year with 631 management grade colleagues attending
training programmes designed to support our journey to
become the UK's most loved casinos. The employee opinion
survey undertaken in May 2025 returned very strong results.
with an engagement score of 8.4, up from 79 recorded in
May 2024, underlining the significant progress made over
the year.

Employment costs are by far the most significant operating
costs in the Grosvenor Casinos business and these have
significantly increased since April 2025 as a result of the
increase to the National Living Wage (annualised cost
impact of c. £5m), and higher employer National Insurance
contributions (annualised cost impact of c. £4m). These
employment cost increases for FY 2025/26 are prior to any
further increases in the living wage from April 2026. The
statutory levy for the Research, Prevention and Treatment
CRPT’) of gambling-related harm, applicable from April
2025, adds a further annualised cost impact of c. £2m.

The Rank Group Ple 2025 Annual Report

Strategic Report > @OO

These cost headwinds are set in the context of a Grosvenor
Casinos business which has a largely fixed or semi-fixed
cost base. When the business grows revenues, it is able to
materially grow profit. The improved revenue performance
of the Grosvenor business has delivered a 35% growth in
underlying LFL operating profit to £32.0m, following on
from the 42% profit growth delivered in 2023/24.

Ata statutory level, Grosvenor operating profit improved
from £16.5m in 2023/24 to £29.8m.

During the year, there were impairment charges of

£4.5m and impairment reversals of £3.2m, driven by the
performance of individual venues. The impairments occur
where performance has fallen short of expectations or the
future prospects for that venue have been reduced. Similarly,
impairment reversals occur where the venue has over-
performed or future prospects have increased including the
additional opportunity presented by the land-based reforms.

‘The Grosvenor business has a talented management team,
engaged set of committed colleagues, a strong roadmap of
investments and other initiatives to drive revenue growth
and further efficiencies and, of course, the rollout of long-
awaited land-based casino reforms.

We look forward to providing more detail on the Grosvenor
business at our Capital Markets Event, which will be hosted
at the newly refurbished Victoria Casino in London on

22 October 2025

47