‘ank Group

oS
-
-
>

Py
st Pal? .
Ww {\ * A

fun

ABGWAI
A06 26/10/20
COMPANIES HOUSE

Creating fantastic experiences for
our customers is why we: come to
work every day.

We are. a values-led' business,

and our STARS values of service,
teamwork, ambition, responsibility,
and solutions — are what leads

us to strive every day to improve: our
business, and ensure that we are fulfilling
our stakeholders' needs.

Our commitment to working hardi for our
customers and stakeholders is what we
mean by “Our work, your play’.

Strategic report

Group KPIs 6
Chair's letter 8
Business model 12
Chief Executive's Q&A 14
Stakeholder engagement 7
Understanding our market 18
Market review 20
Our strategy 21
Our strategic progress 22

Operating responsibly

Operating responsibly, 26:

Operating review

Operating;review 34
Grosvenor Casinos

Operating review Mecca: 36
Operating;review International! 38
Operating review. Digital 40
Financialireview 42
Tax.fact file 44
Non-financial. information statement 47
Risk. management 48
Governance
‘Chain's:introduction: 54
Boardiof directors. 56
Corporate: governance: 60
Directors’ remuneration: report 76
Directors’ report 95
Directors’ responsibilities. 99:

Financial statements.

Independent auditor’s:report: 102
Group income statement 4
Group statement of 4
comprehensive income:

Balance: sheets: 412
Statements of changes:imequity, 413;
Statements of cashfiow: 104
Notes:to the financialistatements, 415)

Unauditediappendixtothefinancial 157
statements: Five: year review

Other information: 158.
Shareholder informatiom

Our purpose working together to create.
exciting environments: that reflect the.
changing needs andi expectations of

our customers and colleagues, delivering
stimulating and entertaining experiences
every time, To Excite and To Entertain.

Our ambition to become: a £1bn revenue
intemational gaming company by 2023,
through transforming our business andi
consistently exceeding our customer

and shareholder expectations.

Rank at a glance.

Delivering
through our
brands

Venues
| Grosvenor Casinos | Mecca: j
i g
licensedi casinos. im casino operator licensed! bingo venues. largest operator:
Great Britain, (by venues) in: Great Britaim in Great Britain (by venues) im Great Britain
ternational
EL
1 ith
=| | _
9 ! J
licensediEnracha licensed! Grosvenor largest bingo:
bingo clubs:imSpain casino in Belgium. operatorimSpain,

Digital

uK ] [Spain ]

1st

Largest digital bingo brandlim Spain

2 The Rank Group Plc Annuali Report andi Financial Statements: 2019

I
| Strategic Report

cme $£1746.5m

Group revenue’ (£m)

@ Grosvenor venues: 353.2
@ Mecca venues 202.1%
@ International venues, 44.9;
© Digital 146:3:

sm £72.5m

profit? (£m)
@ Grosvenor venues 44.9
@ Mecca venues. 28.6
@ International venues. 9.3:
@ Digital 20:7
Central: costs (3.0)
£ : : mM
EBITDA? (fm) j io !
@ Grosvenor venues: 640
@ Mecca venues: 39.0
@ International venues: 120
© Digital 29.55
Centrali costs; (26:9)

1. Before-adiustments for.customer incentives.
2. Before exceptional'items:

Strategic report

Group KPIs 6
Chair's letter 8
Business model 12
Chief executive's Q8A, 14
Stakeholder engagement 7
Understanding our market 18
Market review. 20
Our strategy. 2
Our strategic progress 22

RING

Service

“I want our team members to understand
what our customers want, as that’s the key
to delivering the service that keeps our
customers returning time and again.”

Austin Graham,
GenerallManager, Grosvenor’s Victoria casino

Austin Graharv has had.to,deallwith:aicomplex management.and' employee
restructure-within the casino;, while:at the same:time:improving ways. of working;
proposition andiservice:offeredito. customers. That's quitea.task.

“He:takes; pride in: doing what's right, andihas a passion:for what we do;" says:
Debbie: Husbandl, operations director of Grosvenan Casinos. "Not onlyhas he
beemaibreathiof freshait-withimthe: casino, but his:impact has:also been fett
across:the: wider region.”

Never one:torshirk making aidifficult decision, Austin takes: challenges headiom,
with passion, compassiomandi strong leadership skills:.

These.changes have translatediinto financialiresults:that show significant
growttnyear-on-year..

ZX) oar My
CAE AAS

é }
Sd Z y

Group KPIs

Our performance

The following charts illustrate the Group’s
performance for the 12-month periods to
30 June over the last five years.

Statutory revenue

£695.1m

Statutory revenue is a statutory,

indicator of the Group's top-line growth.

It is revenue retained from the amounts
stakediafter paying out customer
winnings and.deducting

customer incentives.

Statutory revenue grew. by 1% ini
the year dtivemby.an improved:digitall
performance:andithe contribution
from the-acquired. YoBingo: business;
in May 2018:

Revenue"*

£746.5m

Revenueris the key indicator ofitop-tine:
growth, Itis:revenue-retainedifromtte:
amounts:stakediafter paying out
customer winnings.

Revenue-grew by; 1% inthe yean inline:
with: statutory revenue.

Operating profit'*

£72.5m

Operating profit provides a picture of
the underlying performance and:is a
key, indicator of the Group's:success
in delivering: top-line growth while
controlling-costs.

Operating) profit decreased! by/ 6% in the
yean due-to-higher central costs and the
challenging year for Grosvenor's venues..

Adjusted operating,
profit before tax"*

£69.9m

Adjusted! operating profit is:
operating, profit adjusted for certain
non-undertying items:

Adjusted! operating profit felllby 6%
imthe year,

6 The-Rank Group Pic Annuali Report andi Financiall Statements: 2019

Earnings per share

7.4p

Earnings. per share (EPS) is a:key.
indicator of the Group's growth after
allowing for all'costs, including
interest, tax and exceptionalitems
and adjustments.

The:decrease in EPS; reflects:the lower
profit for the year.

Adjusted! earnings per
share*®

14.8p

Adjustedl EPS. isiaikey/indicaton of;
the:Group's:growthafter allowing for
allicosts;, includingjinterest anditax
but excluding exceptionaliitems:
andiadjustments.

Thedecrease iniadjusted! EPS;reffects:
the-lower adjusted profit for the. year.

Dividend per share

7.65p

Dividend. per share (OPS) is the
sum of declared dividends issued
by the Company for every ordinary
share outstanding,

Net (debt)/cash"

£1.8m

Net (debt)/cash is calculated as total
borrowings less cash and short-term
deposits, accruediinterest and.
unamortised facility fees.

Strategic report

ANS

£117.7m

EBITDA is earnings before interest,
tax, depreciation, amortisation and,
‘exceptionaliand-non-undertyingiiterns.
It is calculated by taking; operating profit

2 2 Ben

before exceptional andinon-underiying:
items and:adding back depreciation
and amortisation:

EBITDA for the year decreased: by 2%

Gtiven by, lower operating)profit. and
higher depreciation.

; Altemative performance measure:

‘The performance of the Group.is.assessed:using.a number of altemative performance measures (APMs).
The Group's results are presented:both before and: after exceptional and non-undertying items. Adjusted profitability, measures are presented: excluding:exceptional and
‘non-undertying items. as we. beligve this provides both:management and investors with useful additional information about:the Group's performance:and/aids amore
effective comparison of the Group's trading performance between one periodiand the'next. Adjusted profitability measures are reconciled to unadjusted IFRS results on
the face of the income’ statement with details of exceptionaliand.non-underlying items provided in note 4.

In addition, the Group's resutts are described using. certain other measures that are not:defined under IFRS and are therefore considered to'be APM: These measures
{are used:by management to monitor ongoing. business performance against both shorter-term budgets and:forecasts and:the Group's longer-term strategic plans.

.. Before exceptionals.
: Before adjustments for customer incentives:
). Adjusted: profit: before taxation is calculatediby. adjusting:protit from continuing operations before taxation to exclude exceptionalitems, the unwindingjof the discount:on

isposal provisions and-other financial gains and: losses resutting:ffom foreign exchange gains and losses on loans‘andiborrowings. See financialireview for reconeilition:
‘Adjusted:earmings per: sharaiis calculated by. adjusting:profit attributable to: equity, shareholders to exclude-discontinued:operations, exceptionalitems; other financial'gains
‘on losses, the unwindingsof the discount on-disposaliprovisions:and:the relateditax effects, as per note:9:

5: EBITDA\is reconcilediin note 19:

Dear

shareholder
(
a, orl
‘ig Stig

Moblin Si
eae

Rank’s newly stated ambition is to become a
£1bn revenue international gaming company
by 2023, through transforming our business
and consistently exceeding our customer
and shareholder expectations.

We recently reviewed our strategic pillars in
light of our ambition statement and we believe
the following will enable the Group to deliver
for its customers and shareholders:

* Create a compelling mutti-channel offer;

* Build digital capability and scale;

* Continuously evolve our venues proposition;

* Consistently improve our customer
experience through innovation;

* Be committed to safe and fair gaming; and

+ Within an environment which enables our
colleagues to develop, be creative and
deliver exceptional service.

Further detail of the Group's progress against
these six pillars can be found in the Strategy
and KPIs and Operating Review sections of
this report.

Financial performance

We are pleased with our full year results,

with revenue growth being delivered in each
of the Group's businesses in H2 following a
weak start to the year. The Group's
transformation programme, launched. in
December 2018, is now starting to drive
performance improvements in both our UK and
international venues businesses. Rank’s digital
business grew strongly with like-for-like H2 net
gaming revenue (NGR)' up 14% compared to
the Ht growth of 7%.

‘As at 30 June 2019, there were a total of 13
workstreams and 388 initiatives within the
transformation programme which is now
embedded in the business and driving new
improved ways of working. Initiatives in the
transformation programme delivered £10.7m
of cost savings in H2 and.itis expected that a
further £9.3m of cost savings will be delivered
in. 2019/20. Whilst we have further cost saving
initiatives in the programme; the transformation
of Rank inevitably centres'on initiatives which
dive:revenue growth,

The performance of Grosvenor's.casinos
across the year is very, much a tale of two
halves. H1 was disappointing with both
like-for-like revenue and:operating;profit down
5% and:35% respectively. However, in H2
both revenue and cost initiatives started. to
drive performance with H2 revenue up 1%

and operating profit up strongly at 40%.
The introduction of a new casino operating
model, with simplified management structures
and reduced labour hours, was launched in
December 2018 and led to H2 savings of
£8.2m. A further £11.3m of savings is
expected to flow through into 2019/20.

Mecca's like-for-like revenue was down 2%
in the year driven by a 9% fall in customer
visits. Like-for-ike operating profit was broadly
flat in the year as operating costs continued

to be tightly controlled. Several initiatives within
the transformation programme were
successfully delivered in the second hatf of

the year and will continue to be developed into
2019/20, focusing on improving the gaming
machine offer and delivering additional value
to our bingo customers.

Due to the ongoing underperformance of Luda,

the decision was made in the year to close all
three venues which ceased trading on 24
July 2019.

International venues grew like-for-like revenue
by 19, Improvements to the management,
product and delivery of the gaming machine
offer contributed to an 8% increase in
operating profit.

Like-for-like digital NGR, excluding the
contribution for YoBingo, increased by 11% in
the year, driven by various improvements to
both the Mecca and Grosvenor offers and in
the more effective delivery of customer
bonusing. Total digital revenue grew by 17% in
the year due to the contribution from YoBingo.
Digital fke-for-ike operating profit was down
3% in the year as improvements to revenue
were offset by £0.8m of incremental Remote
Gaming Duty (‘RGD’) on player bonuses and
£1.9m of additional RGD following its increase
to 21% (from 15%) from 1 April 2019,

Safer gambling,

Rank is committed to promoting gambling
asa recreational activity and, as importantly,
to managing or preventingits use by those
people who may be vulherable, at risk of
experiencing harm or who have developed:
a problam. The last 12months have seen
significant changes in the way our industry
is'asked to think about this: commitment.
Not least, we are encouraged to no longer
frame-our work in terms of responsible
gambling, which risks placing too much
emphasis on individualiresponsibilty.

| Strategic report

Rather, we must actively pursue improvements
in the promotion and delivery of safer
gambiing, specifically:

* Continuously assessing the risks relating to
our products and environments, so that we
may design controls to make gambling safer
in the first instance; and

+ Promoting safer participation in gambling by
all those people who choose to play with us.

During the year, with this in mind, we revisited
our safer gambling policy and developed a
new strategy, under the auspices of the
re-named safer gambling committee. We also
determined that safer gambling should be one
of our six strategic pillars and included it as

a specific workstream within the transformation
programme to set the course, and build upon
the momentum within the business, for
significant ongoing improvement across

the Group.

We made significant progress on a number
of safer gambling initiatives during the year,
including the development of affordability
models to improve our ability to detect
customers potentially playing outside of their
financial means and establishing a dedicated
‘safer gambling team within our Sheffield
Customer Solutions Hub.

In addition, Rank became a member of the
‘Senet Group to increase our contribution to
cross-sector collaboration and the sharing:of
best practice.

Ih the coming year, we will further increase
our investment into safer gambling activities,
with a view to ensuring that our commitment
to safer gambling is truly embedded within
the culture of the business for the benefit of
all our stakeholders.

Acquisition of YoBingo

In May 2018, we completed the acquisition

of QSB Gaming Limited; the owner of YoBingo,
the leading Spanish digital’bingo business, for
an initial consideration. of €23,1m. Contingent
consideration of €28.1m was paid during;

the year.

1. Net gaming revenue is revenue less.
‘customer incentives,

Chair’s letter continued

“Rank’s. newly stated ambition is to become a £1bn

revenue international gaming company by 2023,
through transforming our business and consistently
exceeding our customer and shareholder expectations.”

Offer for Stride Gaming, Plc

On 31 May 2019, Rank announced that it had
reached an agreement with the directors of
Stride Gaming plc (‘Stride’) on the terms of a
recommended cash offer for the entire issued.
share capital of Stride.

Rank believes that the acquisition of Stride wil
accelerate the transformation of the Group and
create one of the UK's leading online gaming
businesses. In particular the combination will:
* Create a business with genuine scale and
capability in the digital market;

Create a leading multi-channel operator

in the UK;

+ Improve Rank's performance and reduce
costs.through migration to Stride's
proprietary technology platform and.
in-house ecosystem;

* Leverage complementary strengths,
capabilities and. expertise;

‘© Strengthen Rank's, management team;

= Create significant value from strong:
synergies; and

‘+ Be:materially earnings accretive for Rank
‘once synergies are released.

On 24 July 2019, Stride’s shareholders voted:
in support of Rank's offer. Rankcexpects the
acquisition of Stride to be. completed early in
Q2'2019/20 once all the:necessary conditions.
‘outlined in the Scheme Documentiare met or,
if applicable, waived.

The:Scheme Document andifurther detail
regarding the offer can be foundiat:
www.rank.com/ervinvestors/affer-for-stride-
gaming+ple:htm!

Management team changes

The transformation programme identified the
need to improve organisational capability which
had led.to a number of management changes
in the year.

Chiet ancial Officer

Bill Floydd joined the Group on 12 November
2018 as chief financial officer (‘CFO’). Bill has
‘successfully led business turnarounds and
finance transformation projects in other

listed: organisations. Bill joined.us from
Experian Plc where he was CFO for its

Uk and!lreland-region.

Chief Information Officer

Jonathan Greensted joined the Group on

13 August 2018 as chief information officer.
Jonathan is a highly, experienced IT and
programme director and brings with him.over
20 years’ experience across a variety of
sectors. Jonathan joinedius from Travelodge
where he.was their chiefitechnology officer:

Chief Transformation Officer

Jim: Marsh joined: the Group:on 1 October
2018:as chief transformation officer. Jim has
lediand/ delivered transformations in a:variety
of sectors. He joined us from McKinsey &
‘Company where he was a ‘partner in its
transformation team.

Retail Managing Director

On: 10. April.2019; Alan Morgan tendered his
resignation to the Board’ and left the business:
on:31t July 2019:to-pursue other, opportunities.

10) The Rank Group Pic: Annual Report andi Financial Statements: 2019)

| would:like to thank Alan for all his hard: work
in the UK retail business during:his three years
with the Group.

We are pleased to announce the appointment
of Jonathon Swaine as retail managing
director, Jonathon will join Rank in October
2019 from Fullers, Smith and:Tumer Pie
(‘Fullars'’) where he has been managing director
of Fullers Inns since 2012. Jonathon has been
instrumental in developing:Fuller's service
driven growth strategy across its 400 pub
estate, underpinned by investment in fresh
food: Between 2005 and 2012 Jonathon held
various operational positions with Fullers, prior
to which he held account management and
account director roles with Bass Pic.

Retail! Marketing Director

In\August 2019; Catrin White joined. the
Group's retail business as retail marketing
director, following the:departure of Olly
Raebum, chief marketing officer. Catrin joins
Rank from Sodexo:UK where she. held
marketing director positions across’ various
Sodexo. business units.

Director of Digital and
Cross-Channel Services:

Colin Cole-Johnson, director of digital and.
cross-channel services, laft the business in
June 2019..As outlined.in Rank's offer
announcement for Stride, Eitan Boydiand
Darren Sims, currently chief executive officer
and chief operating officer of Stride; will
assume the roles:of managingidirector digital
and operations director digitallfor Rank's digital!
business following;completion.

Other

Withnthe: ongoing focus: onicapability withinithe:
Group: key hires: were:also:made:in finance:
andiIT in.addition to: the-appointment ofi 14!
new. general’ managers :across the: Grosvenor
andi Meccavestate:.