BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc announced that John H. Ott will be appointed as its new chair, effective November 17, 2025, succeeding interim chair Karen Whitworth who will return to her roles as Senior Independent Director and Audit Chair. Ott brings over 40 years of global experience in business consulting, including significant time in financial services and advising boards in highly regulated industries, which is expected to provide valuable leadership for the Group's next strategic phase. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 11 November 2025 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 11 November 2025 The Rank Group Plc Board Update The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or "the Group" or "the Company") is pleased to announce that John H. Ott will be appointed as chair of the Company, with effect from 17 November 2025. John is currently a Senior Advisory Partner at Bain & Company, UK, having joined the company in 2006, alongside being a founder, investor and board member for two private businesses, a data and technology services business, and a global fractional ownership business. A highly experienced business consultant with more than 40 years of global experience, John commenced his career in the financial services sector in the United States before joining McKinsey & Company in 1989. John moved to the UK in 2003 to join Barclays Bank as Group Strategy and M&A Director before joining Bain and Company, UK. Throughout his extensive career, John has worked in senior positions in Europe, the USA and the Far East, advising CEOs and Boards globally. John will succeed Karen Whitworth, who has served as the interim chair since 15 October 2025. Karen will resume her role as both Senior Independent Director and Audit Chair. Commenting on John's appointment, Karen Whitworth, interim chair, said: "During a rigorous and wide-ranging selection process, John emerged as the stand-out candidate to become Rank's chair. His wealth of experience in highly regulated industries, and advising and working with boards across the globe, will provide the Group with the expertise and leadership that it requires as we embark on the next phase of our strategic journey." Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and