BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc announced that Lucinda Charles-Jones will step down as Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee on October 8, 2026, after serving since 2022. Katie McAlister will assume the interim roles of Chair of the Remuneration Committee and designated Non-Executive Director for workforce engagement, while also joining the Nomination Committee. Additionally, Keith Laslop will join the Nomination and Remuneration Committees, and John Ott will join the Remuneration and Compliance, Regulatory and Government Affairs Committees. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 13 August 2026 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 13 August 2026 The Rank Group Plc Board Update The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) (" Rank " or the "Group") announces that Lucinda Charles-Jones, Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee has informed the Board of her decision not to seek re-election as a Director of the Company at the Annual General Meeting in October. She will therefore step down from the Board with effect from 8 October 2026. Lucinda has served on the Rank Board since 2022 , during which time she has seen the business through a period of improved business performance and significant leadership and governance change, including the transition to both a new Chair in John Ott and a new CEO in Richard Harris, together with a review of the Group's remuneration policy . Lucinda was also a committed designated Non-Executive Director for workforce engagement. An independent search process to identify Lucinda's replacement has commenced. From 8 October, Katie McAlister will become Interim Chair of the Remuneration Committee and will also step in as designated Non-Executive Director for workforce engagement in the interim. Katie has served as a Non-Executive Director of Rank since April 2021 and has been a member of the Remuneration Committee since that date. She also chairs the Compliance, Regulatory and Government Affairs Committee and has extensive knowledge of the Group. In addition, with immediate effect Katie McAlister will join the Nomination Committee, Keith Laslop Interim Audit Committee Chair will join the Nomination and Remuneration Committees, and John Ott, Board Chair will join the Remuneration and Compliance, Regulatory and Government Affairs Committees. John Ott commented : "On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Lucinda for her invaluable contribution to the business over a number of years. We wish her every success in the future." This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6(R). Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Corporate affairs & investor relations david.williams@rank.com Chloe Barry - Group company secretary chloe.barry@rank.com Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 7768 216607 Matthew Young Tel: +44 7929 396411 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and