BETA Close X Rank Group Plc announced that the UK Autumn Budget 2025 will increase Remote Gaming Duty from 21% to 40%, resulting in an estimated annualised operating profit reduction of approximately £40 million before mitigation, offset by a £6 million benefit from the abolition of Bingo Duty. The company is reviewing mitigation strategies for its UK Digital business due to this significant tax change, which will also see an additional cost of £5.5 million from the National Minimum Wage increase. Rank Group maintains a strong balance sheet and expects to operate within its financial covenants. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 26 November 2025 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 26 November 2025 The Rank Group Plc Impact of the Autumn Budget The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or "the Group" or "the Company") notes the increase in Remote Gaming Duty ("RGD") and the abolition of Bingo Duty announced in today's UK Autumn Budget 2025 statement, effective from April 2026. The total annualised impact of these additional costs on the Group's operating profit is a reduction of c.£40m before mitigation. The c.£40m additional cost comprises: · the annualised impact on the UK Digital business of the increase in the rate of RGD from 21% to 40% which will be an additional duty cost of c.£46m (2024/25: underlying LFL operating profit £33.3m; UK-only underlying LFL operating profit c.£25m); · offset by the c.£6m benefit arising from the abolition of bingo duty. The Group is reviewing various mitigating actions for the UK Digital business in the context of our profitability, investment plans and the competitive landscape, which will inevitably be impacted as a result of the tax changes announced by the Chancellor. The impact of the 4.1% increase to the hourly National Minimum Wage to £12.71, representing an additional cost impact of c. £5.5m, along with other changes to employment taxes, are within the Company's expectations. The Group has a strong balance sheet and expects to operate well within its financial covenants. John O'Reilly, Chief Executive of Rank , said: "The announced increase in Remote Gaming Duty in the UK Budget represents a very significant blow to the regulated betting and gaming industry in the UK. "Whilst we are pleased that the Government has abolished bingo duty which will help to sustain jobs and investment in the land-based sector, the far more significant impact on the Group is the hit to digital profitability. "In the year to 30 June 2025, Rank reported a profit after tax of £44.6m and paid taxes in the UK of £188m. That burden will now increase by a further £40m and we will look to mitigate the impact where possible." Rank Group will announce its interim results for the six months ended 31 December 2025 on 29 January 2026. Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and