BETA Close X Christian Nothhaft, a Non-Executive Director of The Rank Group plc, has purchased 30,000 ordinary shares at a price of £0.98 per share on February 27, 2026, on the London Stock Exchange. This transaction represents an initial notification of a person discharging managerial responsibilities. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 03 March 2026 3 March 2026 THE RANK GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES This notification is made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) b) Natural person: Legal person Christian Nothhaft 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status: Non-Executive Director b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the Issuer a) Name The Rank Group plc b) Legal Entity Identifier: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 4 Details of the transaction(s): Parts a-d of this section are to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted. a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument (Identification code) The Rank Group plc ordinary shares of 13 8/9 pence each ('Shares') ISIN: GB00B1L5QH97 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.98 30,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 30,000 £0.98 e) Date of the transaction (YYYY - MM - DD) 2026-02-27 f) Place of the transaction XLON (London Stock Exchange) For further information, please contact: Chloe Barry, Group Company Secretary company.secretary@rank.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and