Full Year Trading Update Rank Group PLC 10 July 2025 The Rank Group Plc LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 10 July 2025 Full Year Trading Update Strong underlying operating profit - ahead of expectations The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ('Rank' or the 'Group') provides a positive update on its trading performance for the 12 months to 30 June 2025. Group like-for-like 1 Net Gaming Revenue ('NGR') 2 for the year grew by 11% to c. £795m and the Group now expects to report full year underlying LFL operating profit of at least £63m. John O'Reilly, Chief Executive, said: "We have enjoyed a very strong year of earnings growth despite the significant cost and regulatory headwinds that we have faced from the start of Q4. The momentum experienced in the first three quarters has continued, with strong trading in Q4 resulting in our full year underlying operating profit being ahead of expectation. "We are at an exciting inflection point for the Group with the land-based casino reforms now law and coming into force from 22 July. At that point, we will begin the process of securing licence variations from local authorities in England and Wales ahead of the rollout of additional gaming machines across the Grosvenor estate to better meet customer demand." Rank will publish its preliminary results for 2024/25 on 14 August 2025 . Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - corporate affairs & investor relations Tel: +44 1628 504 295 Media Enquiries: FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 Notes to editors: 1. Like-for-like excludes the effects of club closures, foreign exchange movements and business disposals. 2. NGR represents Gross Gaming Revenue after customer incentives. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 55 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 55 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 55 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 55 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 55 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and