BETA Close X The Rank Group Plc announced that CEO John O'Reilly will retire effective January 29, 2026, after serving since April 2018, and will remain with the company until the end of the financial year. Chief Financial Officer Richard Harris, who joined the board in May 2022, will assume the role of interim CEO from January 30, 2026, ensuring a smooth transition while a permanent CEO search commences. The company expressed confidence in Harris's ability to provide continuity and strategic leadership to drive performance and maximize shareholder returns. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 06 January 2026 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 6 January 2026 The Rank Group Plc CEO succession The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ("Rank" or "the Group") announces that John O'Reilly has, following discussions with the Board, informed the Board of his intention to retire as Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), effective from 29 January 2026. He will continue to support the business until the end of the current 2025/26 financial year. The Board is pleased to announce that current Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), Richard Harris, will be appointed the interim CEO with effect from 30 January 2026. Richard has been an Executive Director of the Board since joining Rank as CFO in May 2022 and his appointment will ensure an orderly transition of responsibilities. Richard's extensive knowledge of the business is coupled with broad experience in consumer facing businesses, and he has made a significant contribution to the Group's progress in recent years. A formal search process to identify a permanent CEO will now begin. John H. Ott, Chair of Rank Group plc, said: "On behalf of the Board and everyone at Rank, I would like to express my sincere thanks to John O'Reilly for his leadership of and passion for Rank since his appointment as CEO in April 2018. His extensive gambling industry knowledge and experience, as well as deep operational skills have combined to ensure that Rank is well positioned to build on the direction he established. In addition, John has contributed significantly to the betting and gaming industry for decades. We wish him all the very best. "As interim CEO, the Board are confident Richard Harris will provide both important continuity and the strategic leadership required to drive the performance of the business and maximise shareholder returns. The Board and I look forward to continuing to work closely with him to realise those ambitions." John O'Reilly said: "It has been a privilege to lead Rank for the past seven and a half years, and I am proud of all that we have accomplished in that time. I am pleased that Richard will now take Rank to the next stage of what I am sure is a bright future and wish the Group every success." Notes for editors: Details of John O'Reilly and Richard Harris's remuneration arrangements, which are consistent with the group's remuneration policy, will be provided on the website in accordance with section 430(2B) of the Companies Act 2026 in due course. Richard Harris joined the Rank Board in May 2022 when he was appointed Chief Financial Officer. He has extensive experience in consumer facing businesses, driving financial performance, contributing to strategy development and improved operational execution. Prior to Rank, Richard was Chief Financial Officer at Foxtons Group Plc and has previously held positions at Laird Plc and Marks and Spencer Plc. Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 The person responsible for releasing this announcement is David Williams, Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and