Notice of AGM and 2024 Annual Report Rank Group PLC 16 September 2024 16 September 2024 The Rank Group Plc LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 Notice of AGM, 2024 Annual Report and Sustainability Report The Rank Group Plc (LSE: RNK) ('Rank') announces that it has published its full Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 June 2024 and Notice of the 2024 Annual General Meeting, which is to be held at 11.00am on Thursday 17 October 2024 at TOR, Saint-Cloud Way, Maidenhead SL6 8BN. Rank is also pleased to announce the publication of its Sustainability Report 2024 which provides a comprehensive insight into Rank's programmes and progress across a range of environmental, social, and governance ('ESG') focus areas. The following documents have today been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders on Rank's website at www.rank.com : - Notice of 2024 Annual General Meeting - Proxy Form - 2024 Annual Report and Accounts - Sustainability Report 2024 Copies of relevant documents have been submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . If arrangements for the meeting need to change from that set out in the Notice, Rank will notify shareholders before the meeting through its website, and where appropriate, by further announcement. Enquiries: The Rank Group Plc Brian McLelland, Interim Company Secretary Contact number: 01628 504 000 Website: www.rank.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 55 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 55 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 55 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 55 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 55 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and