BETA Close X Rank Group Plc has issued a statement clarifying that there is no further information requiring disclosure under rule 6.4.8R of the UK Listing Rules following the prior announcement of John H. Ott's appointment as Chair. This update confirms no new material financial or strategic details have emerged that would impact the stock. Disclaimer* Rank Group PLC 26 November 2025 LEI: 213800TXKD6XZWOFTE12 26 November 2025 The Rank Group Plc Further to the announcement concerning the appointment of John H. Ott as Chair there is no further information which would require disclosure under 6.4.8R of the UK Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority. Ends Contacts: Rank David Williams - Director of Corporate Affairs & Investor Relations david.williams@rank.com FTI Consulting LLP (PR adviser to Rank) Edward Bridges Tel: +44 20 3727 1067 Alex Beagley Tel: +44 20 3727 1045 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Rank Group (RNK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 43 minutes ago Canal+ SA 57 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and