BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited announced the immediate retirement of Non-Executive Director Clive Latcham, who had served since 2018 and played a key role in the company's transition from explorer to producer, contributing to the integration of the Telfer mine, operational improvements, and a successful ASX listing. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 16 March 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au NEWS RELEASE | 16 March 2026 Retirement of Non-Executive Director Clive Latcham Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland or the Company ) (AIM:GGP, ASX:GGP) advises that Mr Clive Latcham has retired from his role as Non-Executive Director, effective immediately. Mr Latcham has served as a Non-Executive Director of the Company and its predecessor, Greatland Gold plc, since 2018 when the Havieron gold-copper deposit was discovered. His three decades of experience as a chemical engineer and mineral economist in the international mining industry played a valuable role in guiding Greatland's evolution from an explorer to a significant gold and copper producer. During his tenure, Mr Latcham made a significant contribution to Greatland as the Company completed a successful integration of the Telfer gold-copper mine, made significant operational improvements, executed a well-supported ASX listing and delivered strong financial performance. Greatland Chairman, Mark Barnaba, commented: "Clive has been an exceptionally valued member of the Greatland Board who has meaningfully contributed to the Company's development and success. We extend our sincere thanks to Clive for his service and wish him well for the future." This announcement is approved for release by Mark Barnaba, Greatland's Chairman. Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah | Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (ASX:GGP and AIM:GGP) and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 32 minutes ago Record 1 hour ago DSW Capital 5 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 5 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and