BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited has granted 314,562 performance rights, referred to as Employee Share Rights, to employees who are not persons discharging managerial responsibilities, under the company's equity incentive plan. These rights were issued in accordance with the Greatland Equity Incentive Plan, with key terms detailed in the company's Notice of Annual General Meeting from October 10, 2025. Further issuance details are available in the company's notification to the ASX. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 15 April 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au : x.com/greatlandgold NEWS RELEASE | 15 April 2026 Grant of Employee Share Rights THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE UK MARKET ABUSE REGULATIONS. ON PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INFORMATION IS CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN . Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland or Company ) (ASX:GGP, AIM:GGP) announces that it has granted 314,562 performance rights ( Employee Share Rights ) under the Company's equity incentive plan to certain employees who are not persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs) of the Company. The Employee Share Rights were issued under the "Greatland Equity incentive Plan", the key terms of which are described in the Company's Notice of Annual General Meeting and Explanatory Memorandum dated 10 October 2025 (a copy of which is available on the Company's website at https://www.greatland.com.au/investors/shareholder-meetings/ ). Further details of the issuance are available in the Company's notification to the ASX available at Appendix 3G - Notification of issue, conversion or payment up of unquoted equity securities . Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah | Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (ASX:GGP, AIM:GGP), and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long-life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 32 minutes ago Record 1 hour ago DSW Capital 5 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 5 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and