BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited announced that 437,500 vested options and 247,329 vested performance rights were exercised by employees, resulting in the transfer of existing shares from the employee share trust without issuing new shares. Additionally, 63,998 unvested performance rights held by former employees have lapsed. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 14 July 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au NEWS RELEASE | 14 July 2026 Exercise and Lapse of Equity Incentive Securities Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland or Company ) (ASX:GGP, AIM:GGP) announces that 437,500 vested options and 247,329 vested performance rights issued under the Company's equity incentive plan have been exercised by employees who are not persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs) of the Company. The exercise of each option and each right entitled the holder to one fully paid ordinary share ( Share ) in the Company, which was satisfied by the transfer of existing Shares held in the Company's employee share trust, and no new Shares have been issued as a result of this exercise. Further details are available in the Company's notifications to the ASX regarding the options available at Appendix 3G - Notification regarding unquoted securities and the rights available at Appendix 3G - Notification regarding unquoted securities . In addition, the Company announces that 63,998 unvested performance rights that were issued under the Company's equity incentive plan to former employees have lapsed following the cessation of their employment with the Company. Further details of the lapsing are available in the Company's notification to the ASX available at Appendix 3H - Notification of cessation of securities . Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah | Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (AIM:GGP, ASX:GGP), and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long-life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 27 minutes ago Artemis UK Future Leaders plc 54 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 2 hours ago Record 3 hours ago DSW Capital All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and