BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited has received the Western Australia State primary environmental approval for its Havieron gold-copper project, completing the necessary primary environmental permits alongside the Commonwealth approval obtained on 24 April 2026. This significant milestone allows Greatland to target a Final Investment Decision in the current June 2026 Quarter, with early works already underway. The Havieron project is anticipated to produce approximately 270,000 ounces of gold annually at low costs over an initial 17-year mine life, contributing to a world-class gold-copper mining hub. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 26 May 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au NEWS RELEASE | 26 May 2026 Havieron Environmental Approvals Received Highlights · Western Australia State primary environmental approval received from the WA Minister for the Environment for the development of the Havieron gold-copper project · Both Havieron primary environmental approvals have now been received, following the Commonwealth primary environmental approval on 24 April 2026 · Final Investment Decision for Havieron targeted in the current June 2026 Quarter Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland ) (ASX:GGP, AIM:GGP) is pleased to announce that its Havieron gold-copper project ( Havieron or the Project ) has now received both primary environmental permits required for its development and operation. Primary environmental approval from the Western Australian Minister for the Environment (Part IV approval under the Environmental Protection Act 1986 (WA) ( EP Act )) was received on 25 May 2026 following a recommendation from the WA Environmental Protection Authority that the Project be implemented, subject to specified environmental conditions. This follows the recent 1 Federal environmental approval from the Commonwealth Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Cth) ( EPBC Act ). State and Commonwealth primary environmental approval represents a key milestone, and allows Greatland to advance towards a Final Investment Decision targeted in the current June 2026 Quarter. Tendering for critical path project packages and early works at Havieron are already underway, including boxcut tunnel installation, underground development and blind bore construction preparation. Note (1): Refer to Greatland's 28 April 2026 announcement titled ' March 2026 Quarterly Activities Report '. Greatland Managing Director, Shaun Day, commented: "The receipt of both State and Federal environmental approval for our flagship Havieron development project is an important milestone for the project and for Greatland, and is the culmination of successful stakeholder engagement, diligence and persistence from our team. Havieron is a substantial underground mining project that will deliver high-grade gold-copper ore to our Telfer processing facility. Once in steady state Havieron is anticipated to produce around 270koz of gold per annum at lowest quartile costs, with an initial mine life of 17 years. The development of Havieron, alongside the successful delivery of Telfer life extensions, has the potential to underpin a multi-decade, world class gold-copper mining hub in the Paterson Province." Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah | Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (AIM:GGP, ASX:GGP), and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long-life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 27 minutes ago Artemis UK Future Leaders plc 54 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 2 hours ago Record 3 hours ago DSW Capital All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and