BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited announced that 583,431 vested performance rights were exercised by employees during the quarter ending December 31, 2025, as previously disclosed on December 5, 2025. Each exercised right entitled the holder to one ordinary share, which were satisfied by the transfer of existing shares from the company's employee share trust, meaning no new shares were issued. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 06 January 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au : x.com/greatlandgold NEWS RELEASE | 6 January 2026 Exercise of Performance Rights Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland Resources or the Company ) (ASX: GGP and AIM: GGP) advises that, further to its announcement on 5 December 2025, a further 583,431 vested performance rights issued under the Company's equity incentive plan have been exercised by employees (who are not persons discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMRs)) in the quarter ended 31 December 2025. The exercise of each performance right entitled the holder to one ordinary share in the Company which was satisfied by the transfer of existing ordinary shares held in the Company's employee share trust, and no new ordinary shares have been issued as a result of this exercise. Further details in respect of such exercise are available in the Company's notification to the ASX: https://announcements.asx.com.au/asxpdf/20260106/pdf/06v0c25qhz4bxk.pdf Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Rowan Krasnoff, Chief Development Officer info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah / Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (ASX:GGP and AIM:GGP) and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) 2 hours ago Solid State 16 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and