BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited has appointed Nick Strong as Chief Operating Officer, effective October 5, 2026, to oversee Telfer and Havieron operations, leveraging his over 25 years of experience in gold and base metals mining. Concurrently, Otto Richter will transition from Acting COO to Chief Technical Officer, focusing on strategic mine planning and advancing the company's growth strategy, including technical studies for projects like West Dome Underground. This leadership restructuring aims to enhance operational performance and realize the full potential of Greatland's integrated Telfer-Havieron mining hub. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 08 July 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au NEWS RELEASE | 8 July 2026 Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technical Officer Appointments Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland or Company ) (ASX:GGP, AIM:GGP) is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr Nick Strong as Chief Operating Officer (COO). Mr Strong will commence with the Company on Monday, 5 October 2026, and take responsibility for Telfer and Havieron operations. Mr Strong is an accomplished mining engineer with more than 25 years of operational and leadership experience across the mining industry. Mr Strong's experience spans a range of commodities, predominantly in gold and base metals, for major companies including Northern Star Resources, Rio Tinto and Newcrest Mining. He will work closely with Telfer General Manager Mark Benson to continue Telfer's consistent mining and processing performance, whilst also having oversight of the team delivering the brownfield Havieron underground mining development. Mr Strong is experienced in managing large-scale underground and open pit mining operations, including at KCGM (Northern Star) and Cadia (formerly Newcrest). His most recent role was General Manager - Hemi & KCGM Growth with Northern Star. He holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Hons) in mining and mineral engineering from the University of Queensland and a Masters of Applied Finance from the Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment. Greatland is also pleased to advise that Mr Otto Richter will transition from Acting COO to Chief Technical Officer (CTO) at the time of Mr Strong's commencement. Mr Richter joined Greatland in 2021 as Group Mining Engineer, led Greatland's technical due diligence for the acquisition of Telfer and Havieron and has since been responsible for strategic mine planning and Ore Reserves compilation. Greatland acknowledges and appreciates the substantial contribution Mr Richter has made in overseeing the successful operational outcomes of Greatland during his role as Acting COO. In his new role as CTO, Mr Richter will provide leadership to advance Greatland's growth strategy and realise the full potential of the Company's portfolio through strategic mine planning, including technical studies for projects such as West Dome Underground. Greatland Managing Director, Shaun Day, commented: "I am delighted that Nick will be joining Greatland as our Chief Operating Officer. Nick joins at an exciting time and is very well placed to lead our operations and substantial growth projects. Nick has deep experience in overseeing large-scale underground and open pit gold and copper mines across Australia, and in planning and delivering large scale development projects. I would like to thank Otto for his tremendous work in leading Greatland's operations as Acting COO, through delivery of a strong FY26 and significant resource and reserve updates. I am delighted to be appointing Otto to an executive leadership role as Chief Technical Officer, allowing him to focus on strategic long-term planning as we continue pursuing a multi-decade integrated Telfer-Havieron mining hub." This announcement is approved for release by Shaun Day, Greatland's Managing Director. Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah | Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (AIM:GGP, ASX:GGP), and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long-life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. Appendix - About Mr Nickolas (Nick) Strong - Detailed Biography Mr Strong is an accomplished mining engineer with more than 25 years of operational and leadership experience across Australia and internationally. He currently serves as General Manager - Hemi & KCGM Growth at Northern Star Resources, where he has directed major approvals and operational growth workstreams for the past three years after serving for two years as the General Manager - KCGM Operations. Prior to this, Mr Strong spent four years with Rio Tinto in a senior global role overseeing major productivity uplifts across the underground operations portfolio. Preceding this, he spent 14 years with Newcrest Mining in progressively senior operational roles across multiple sites, most significantly as Mining Manager - Underground Operations Cadia, managing large-scale block cave and surface operations as well as smaller scale conventional underground sites. While mostly focused on gold and copper, his background spans underground & open pit mining and processing operations across multiple commodities, complemented by major project development and commissioning, operational transformation, and strategic commercial leadership. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 27 minutes ago Artemis UK Future Leaders plc 54 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 2 hours ago Record 3 hours ago DSW Capital All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and