BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited has executed a $500 million corporate debt facility with a syndicate of major banks, comprising a $250 million revolving credit facility, a $225 million revolving credit facility, and a $25 million contingent instrument facility, to support the development of its Havieron gold-copper project. The company's Board has also approved the Final Investment Decision for Havieron, following the receipt of primary environmental approvals. With a net cash position exceeding $1,200 million and the new debt facility, Greatland has over $1,700 million in available liquidity, fully funding the estimated $1,065 million in pre-production capital expenditure for Havieron. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 01 June 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au NEWS RELEASE | 1 June 2026 Execution of Corporate Debt Facilities and Havieron Approval Highlights · Execution of $500m corporate debt facility · Net cash position of over $1,200m 1 and the debt facility provide significant liquidity to Greatland to develop its flagship Havieron gold-copper project · Greatland's Board has approved the Final Investment Decision for Havieron Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland or the Company ) (AIM:GGP, ASX:GGP) is pleased to announce that it has executed a $500m corporate debt facility ( Debt Facility ) agreement with a Tier 1 lending syndicate of ANZ, ING, HSBC, NAB and Westpac. The Debt Facility agreement documents in detail the binding commitment letter previously signed and announced in December 2025, with the key terms of the Debt Facility agreement being consistent with the commitment letter 2 , including no mandatory hedging requirement. The Debt Facility comprises three tranches as follows: · Revolving Credit Facility - Facility A: $250m (undrawn), 5-year tenor for working capital and general corporate purposes including Havieron development. · Revolving Credit Facility - Facility B: $225m (undrawn), 7-year tenor for working capital and general corporate purposes including Havieron development. · Contingent Instrument Facility (CIF): $25m (drawn to $17.87m as at 31 May 2026) for issue of bank and performance guarantees to counterparties. Financial close on Facility A and CIF has been achieved. Financial close on Facility B is targeted towards the end of June 2026 following the publication of Greatland's updated Ore Reserve estimate for Telfer. The Company's former $75m working capital facility (undrawn) provided by ANZ, ING and HSBC has been cancelled and the former $25m contingent instrument facility has been re-financed by the new facility. Greatland is also pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has approved the Final Investment Decision ( FID ) to develop Havieron. This customary step was contemplated in the Company's announcements of 1 December 2025 and 26 May 2026, and was taken following receipt of State and Federal primary environmental approvals. Substantive development following FID will commence following the grant of certain secondary environmental approvals. With over $1,700m of available liquidity (subject to Facility B closing) 3 , Greatland is fully funded to deliver Havieron's development. The Feasibility Study estimated $1,065m in pre-production capex (to first gold) followed by expansion capex of $673m (largely self-funded by Havieron cash flows), using a cost estimate base date of June 2025. Given the strength of Greatland's balance sheet, there will be the option to consider opportunities to accelerate elements of the expansion capex in the future where they de-risk project delivery and schedule. Greatland Managing Director, Shaun Day, commented: "The execution of the corporate debt facility and Havieron Final Investment Decision provides the opportunity to deliver one of Australia's premier gold-copper projects. The development of Havieron, alongside the successful delivery of Telfer life extensions, has the potential to underpin a multi-decade, world class gold-copper mining hub in the Paterson Province." Notes: 1. Refer to Greatland's 28 April 2026 announcement titled ' March 2026 Quarterly Activities Report '. 2. Refer to section 1.9 of Greatland's 1 December 2025 announcement titled ' Havieron Project Feasibility Study ' for key terms of the commitment letter and Debt Facility. 3. Total liquidity refers to $1,208m net cash reported at 31 March 2026 plus the full $500m Debt Facility which assumes Facility B financial close is achieved. Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (AIM:GGP, ASX:GGP), and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long-life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 27 minutes ago Artemis UK Future Leaders plc 54 minutes ago Latham (James) 1 hour ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 2 hours ago Record 3 hours ago DSW Capital All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and