BETA Close X Greatland Resources Limited announced the resignation of its Chief Operating Officer, Simon Tyrrell, who will remain available until June 30, 2026, to facilitate a smooth transition. Otto Richter, with over 25 years of gold mining experience and a key member of the senior leadership team since 2021, has been appointed as Acting COO while a permanent replacement is sought. The company expressed appreciation for Mr. Tyrrell's contributions to safety and operational outcomes. Disclaimer* Greatland Resources Limited 18 February 2026 Greatland Resources Limited E: info@greatland.com.au W: https://greatland.com.au : x.com/greatlandgold NEWS RELEASE | 18 February 2025 Management Update Greatland Resources Limited ( Greatland or Company ) advises that Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) Simon Tyrrell has resigned and stepped down from his role. Mr Tyrrell is available to the Company until 30 June 2026 to assist with the transition of the role. Otto Richter has been appointed as Acting COO. Mr Richter has served as Greatland's Group Mining Engineer since 2021 and has over 25 years of experience, predominantly in open pit and underground gold mining. During his time at Greatland, he has been a key member of the senior leadership team involved in operational and mine planning decisions and has a detailed understanding of the Company's assets. A formal process to fill the COO role permanently is underway. Greatland Managing Director, Shaun Day, commented: "Simon has been an important part of Greatland's management team and we appreciate his positive contribution towards the Company's safety and operational outcomes. I thank Simon for his efforts and commitment to Greatland and wish him well in his future endeavours." Contact For further information, please contact: Greatland Resources Limited Shaun Day, Managing Director | Andrew Bowler, Head of Investor Relations info@greatland.com.au Nominated Advisor SPARK Advisory Partners Andrew Emmott / James Keeshan / Neil Baldwin | +44 203 368 3550 Corporate Brokers Canaccord Genuity | James Asensio / George Grainger | +44 207 523 8000 RBC Capital Markets | James Agnew / Jamil Miah | Scott Redwood | +44 207 029 0528 Media Relations Australia - Fivemark Partners | Michael Vaughan | +61 422 602 720 About Greatland Greatland is a gold and copper mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and London Stock Exchange's AIM Market (ASX:GGP and AIM:GGP) and operates its business from Western Australia. The Greatland portfolio includes the 100% owned Telfer mine, the adjacent 100% owned brownfield world-class Havieron gold-copper development project, and a significant exploration portfolio within the surrounding region. The combination of Telfer and Havieron provides for a substantial and long life gold-copper operation in the Paterson Province in the East Pilbara region of Western Australia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Greatland Gold (GGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies 32 minutes ago Record 1 hour ago DSW Capital 5 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 5 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and