BETA Close X Clarkson PLC reports a block listing six-monthly return for the period from April 26, 2025, to October 25, 2025. The balance of unallotted securities from the previous return was 17,066 ordinary shares of 25p each. During this period, 6,993 ordinary shares of 25p each were issued/allotted under the company's share schemes. Consequently, the remaining balance of shares not yet issued/allotted at the end of the period is 10,073 ordinary shares of 25p each. There was no increase to the block scheme during this period. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 27 October 2025 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Information provided on this form must be typed or printed electronically and provided to an ris . (Note: Italicised terms have the same meaning as given in the Listing Rules.) Date: 27 October 2025 Name of applicant : Clarkson PLC Name of scheme: Clarkson PLC U.S. Employee Share Purchase Plan, Clarkson PLC ShareSave Plan and the Clarkson PLC International ShareSave Plan Period of return: From: 26 April 2025 To: 25 October 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 17,066 ordinary shares of 25p each Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): - Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): 6,993 ordinary shares of 25p each Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 10,073 ordinary shares of 25p each Name of contact: Rachel Fletcher, Group Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 020 7334 3171 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and