Director/PDMR Shareholding Clarkson PLC 01 May 2025 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 1 May 2025 Director/PDMR share purchase This notification is made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation. The Company announces that on 1 May 2025, Laurence Hollingworth, Chair of the Company, purchased 6,000 ordinary shares of 25p each in the Company at a price of 2965 pence per share. Full details are set out in the form below. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Deborah Abrehart Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)20 7334 3185 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,100 people in over 60 different offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 22 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com PDMR DEALING NOTIFICATION TEMPLATE Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Laurence Hollingworth 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chair b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Clarkson PLC b) Legal Entity Identifier 2138007G6BGTEHI3OT22 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary shares of 25p each in Clarkson PLC Identification code GB0002018363 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of ordinary shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) 2965 pence per share 6,000 d) Aggregated information Not applicable - single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 1 May 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Redcentric 18 minutes ago KRM22 26 minutes ago Franchise Brands 1 hour ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago Staffline Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and