BETA Close X Clarkson PLC has announced the appointment of Niamh Staunton as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective later this year, succeeding Jeff Woyda who will retire in September 2026 after 19 years with the company. Staunton brings over 20 years of experience in senior finance and leadership roles, including her recent position as Senior Vice President, Finance and Risk at BP's Supply, Trading & Shipping business and prior experience as Group Treasurer at BP and in capital markets at Morgan Stanley. The company also confirmed Harriet Oliver as incoming Chief Operating Officer. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 10 June 2026 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 10 June 2026 Appointment of Chief Financial Officer The Board of Clarkson PLC, the world's leading provider of integrated shipping services, is pleased to announce the appointment of Niamh Staunton as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") following a comprehensive selection process overseen by the Nomination Committee. Niamh joins from BP p.l.c.("bp"), where she has served as the Senior Vice President, Finance and Risk in the Supply, Trading & Shipping business for the past two and a half years. Prior to this, she held the role of Group Treasurer at bp, a position she assumed in 2021. With over 20 years of experience in senior finance and leadership roles, Niamh has a proven track record in strategic finance, risk management, treasury and capital markets in complex, global organisations. Before her tenure at bp, Niamh spent more than 15 years at Morgan Stanley, where she held several senior roles in capital markets. Niamh will join Clarksons and be appointed as an Executive Director of the Company later this year. The Company will provide an update once Niamh's start date has been confirmed. Niamh will succeed Jeff Woyda, who will be retiring from the Board and from his role as CFO & COO after 19 years with the Company in September 2026 as previously announced. Harriet Oliver, who has been a key member of Clarksons' senior management team since October 2019, serving as Group Head of HR, was confirmed as incoming Chief Operating Officer in May this year. Andi Case, Clarksons' CEO, said: "I am very excited to be able to announce and welcome Niamh to the Company and the Board as our new Chief Financial Officer. Niamh joins us at an exciting stage in our journey; although we are a company with incredible heritage, turning 175 years next year, we have always been regarded as being at the cutting edge of our markets. Niamh's career to date means she joins us with a huge amount of experience and skill that I think perfectly fit what the Company needs to support and execute the next phase of its strategy. "At the same time, on behalf of the Company I would like to extend sincere thanks to Jeff Woyda for outstanding service over nearly 20 years. He has played a pivotal role in shaping the business and contributing to its success. We are immensely grateful for his dedication and leadership, and he will leave a lasting impact. We wish him a very happy retirement." Laurence Hollingworth, Clarksons' Chair, said: "The Board is delighted to be welcoming Niamh to Clarksons as Chief Financial Officer. She brings a wealth of experience and skills in commodities, shipping, finance and capital markets, and has an established record of delivering strong results. We look forward to working with her as we continue to drive our growth and create long-term value for our clients, people and shareholders. "On behalf of the Board and the entire Group, I would also like to extend my heartfelt thanks to Jeff for his dedication and service, and the significant contribution that he has made to Clarksons over the last 19 years. We wish him well in his retirement." Niamh Staunton said: "I am delighted to join the Group at this exciting stage of its journey, building on the strong financial position established over the past two decades and its growth momentum in an industry central to the global economy. I look forward to partnering with Andi, the Board, the leadership and the rest of the talented team to drive strategic value, navigate the opportunities ahead, and ensure the Group's continued long-term success." This announcement has been made in accordance with the requirements of UKLR 6.4.6R and UKLR 6.4.7R. In accordance with UKLR 6.4.8R, it is confirmed that Niamh is elected as a personal deputy director for Kate Thomson on the board of Aker BP ASA, a company listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. This appointment will cease when Niamh leaves her employment with bp. There are no further matters which are required to be disclosed under UKLR 6.4.8R. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Andi Case Chief Executive Officer Rachel Fletcher Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)20 7334 3171 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,250 people in over 70 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 23 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and