BETA Close X Clarkson PLC has acquired the US commodities business, the Link Group, for USD 80 million in cash, a move expected to be immediately earnings enhancing and expand its presence in the Americas. This acquisition strengthens Clarkson's capabilities in physical commodities, derivatives, and data, integrating the Link Group's expertise in physical crude and derivatives brokerage and its data and analytics business. The Link Group's strong profitability and market-leading position in North America, particularly in brokering physical WTI across West Texas and the U.S. Gulf Coast, align with Clarkson's strategy for geographic and product diversification. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 18 March 2026 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 18 March 2026 Clarksons acquires leading US commodities business, the Link Group Clarkson PLC, the world's leading provider of integrated shipping services, is pleased to announce the acquisition of Link Crude Resources, LLC, Link Data Services, LLC and Link Futures, LLC (the "Link Group"), the market-leading North American physical crude and derivatives oil brokerage business and data provider. The acquisition represents a significant step in Clarksons' strategy to enhance and grow its capabilities in physical commodities, derivatives and data. It also serves to expand Clarksons' presence in the Americas and deploy capital in line with the Group's core strategy. The Link Group is renowned for its expertise in both physical and derivatives brokering. It assists its clients in seamless execution of physical commodities and derivatives contracts, enabling its clients to execute physical deals and implement corresponding hedges in real time. With WTI now part of the Brent pricing complex, market participants are increasingly using the CME HTT (WTI Gulf Coast) contract to hedge WTI price and cargo exposure, and Link is the leading broker in the physical WTI market across West Texas and the U.S. Gulf Coast. There is growing adoption of these products with trading activity extending into European markets, aligning with the existing capabilities and client base of Clarksons' futures business. A separate data and analytics business enhances the Link Group's offering by delivering market‑leading intelligence to clients. This acquisition strengthens Clarksons' ability to serve clients across the full spectrum of physical commodities and linked derivatives, further diversifying its product offering, and reinforces its position as a global leader. It will also augment Clarksons' existing data capabilities, and the Link Group's innovative approach to data solutions aligns closely with Clarksons' strategic initiatives. The Link Group has a strong track record of profitability and is expected to be immediately earnings enhancing, contributing positively to Clarksons' results and supporting its long-term objectives for geographic and product diversification. The business has been acquired for a total cash consideration of USD 80 million funded from the Company's existing cash resources. Andi Case, CEO of Clarksons, commented : "This acquisition is a clear demonstration of our commitment to enhancing our investment in cargo and its journey while also expanding our presence in the Americas. The Link Group is the leader in its markets, and we are thrilled to add another best-in-class business to our Group. The team at Link is highly talented and well-respected, and together we believe we can achieve significant growth synergies to our global business and widen our service to our clients." David Hermes, Founder of the Link Group, said : "Founding and building the Link Group of Companies has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my career. What started as a vision to create a more dynamic and client-focused crude brokering business became a thriving brand because of the exceptional team and partners behind it and the trust placed in us by our clients. Becoming part of the Clarksons Group creates a powerful platform for future growth and global expansion, and I am confident the Link Group will continue to grow and thrive in its next chapter." Garth Roe, President and incoming CEO, said: "We are delighted to join Clarksons and contribute to its global leadership in shipping and commodities. This partnership creates exciting opportunities to expand our market reach while maintaining the entrepreneurial culture and client focus that have driven our success in North American markets. We look forward to collaborating with Clarksons' teams around the world to deliver even greater value to our clients." Ends For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Andi Case, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Woyda, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer Tel: +44(0)20 7334 000 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,250 people in over 60 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 23 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com About Link The Link Group is a leading US derivatives and physical crude oil brokerage business, operating through Link Crude Resources, LLC, Link Futures, LLC, and Link Data Services, LLC. Link serves over 300 clients, including oil producers, refiners and traders, and is recognised for its market-leading position and innovative data solutions. For more information, visit www.linkcrude.com This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (together, 'MAR'). Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and