BETA Close X Clarkson PLC has announced the posting of its 2025 Annual Report and the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting to shareholders, with both documents also available on the company's website. The AGM will be held electronically on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 12 noon. The company highlighted its history of 23 years of consecutive dividend growth, supported by a strong balance sheet and cash-generative business model, enabling continued investment for market opportunities. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 30 March 2026 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 30 March 2026 Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 and Notice of Annual General Meeting ('AGM') The Company announces that the documents listed below have been posted or otherwise made available to shareholders. The 2025 Annual Report and the Notice of 2026 AGM are also available to view on the Company's website at: https://www.clarksons.com/home/investors/shareholder-centre/ - 2025 Annual Report - Notice of 2026 AGM - Form of Proxy Pursuant to UKLR 6.4.1R and DTR 6.3.5R, these documents have been submitted to the UK Listing Authority in unedited full text and will shortly be available for inspection through the National Storage Mechanism at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. The Company's 2026 AGM will be held electronically by video webcast on Thursday 7 May 2026 at 12 noon. Details on how to join the AGM can be found in the Notice of Meeting. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Rachel Fletcher Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)20 7334 3171 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,250 people in over 60 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 23 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and