BETA Close X Clarkson PLC has applied to the Financial Conduct Authority and the London Stock Exchange for a block listing of 175,000 Ordinary Shares, each with a nominal value of 25p. These shares are intended for trading on the London Stock Exchange and admission to the Official List. The shares will be issued periodically upon the exercise of options under the Clarkson PLC U.S. Employee Share Purchase Plan, Clarkson PLC ShareSave Plan, and Clarkson PLC International ShareSave Plan. Upon exercise, these shares will have equal ranking with the company's existing issued ordinary shares. The admission of the new shares is expected to be effective on October 27, 2025. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 24 October 2025 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 24 October 2025 Block listing application The Company announces that an application has been made to the Financial Conduct Authority and the London Stock Exchange for the block listing of 175,000 Ordinary Shares of 25p each (the " Shares ") to trade on the London Stock Exchange and to be admitted to the Official List. The shares will be issued from time to time pursuant to the exercise of options under the Clarkson PLC U.S. Employee Share Purchase Plan, Clarkson PLC ShareSave Plan and Clarkson PLC International ShareSave Plan. On exercise, the Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing issued ordinary shares of the Company. It is expected that admission of the new Shares will be effective on 27 October 2025. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Rachel Fletcher Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)20 7334 3171 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,100 people in over 60 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 22 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and