BETA Close X Clarkson PLC reported an excellent start to 2026, with its Broking division significantly outperforming last year due to geopolitical complexities and increased demand. The Financial division benefited from positive capital markets, executing numerous mandates, while the Research division saw revenue and profitability growth as clients valued its insights. The Support division faced challenges due to UK government policy and project delays, and its Egyptian Agency business is impacted by lower Suez Canal transits. The company also announced accretive acquisitions of Link, Zuma, and Serpac, which are trading in line with expectations. Despite evolving Middle East dynamics, Clarkson's strong performance and recent acquisitions enhance the Board's confidence for the year. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 07 May 2026 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 7 May 2026 AGM Trading Statement At the Annual General Meeting to be held at 12 noon today, Laurence Hollingworth, Chair of Clarksons, will refer to the following trading statement covering the period from 1 January to 6 May 2026. Current Trading The Group has had an excellent start to the year, driven by good market fundamentals and increasing demand for industry expertise. The conflict in the Middle East has resulted in greater complexity across global shipping, which has affected each area of our business differently, pushing up rates in certain of these markets and demanding the very best from each of our teams. · The Broking division performed strongly, generating spot business, revenue and profits materially ahead of the same period last year as geo-political complexity, robust trading flows and extended voyage distances supported elevated chartering rates and asset prices. · The Financial division benefitted from positive capital‑market sentiment in the early part of the year, with the investment banking team successfully executing a good number of mandates for clients and developing a strong pipeline of potential opportunities. · The Research division increased both revenue and profitability in the first part of the year. Clients continue to value the division's market‑leading data and insights as they navigate complexities caused by disruptions to global shipping. · The Support division faced a more challenging trading environment, influenced by UK government policy on new oil and gas development and delays to offshore energy projects. The Egyptian Agency business remains impacted by lower levels of Suez Canal transits but is well positioned to support clients as activity returns. · The Group was pleased to announce the recent acquisitions of the Link Group of Companies ("Link"), Zuma Labs Limited ("Zuma") and Serpac International SAC ("Serpac"). These acquisitions enhance the Group's global capabilities and reinforce our commitment to investing across every segment of the Group in market‑leading businesses, which are accretive for shareholders. Each of these businesses continues to trade in line with management's expectations at the time of acquisition. Outlook The trend of increased global trade dislocation and complexity which we have seen over the last decade has continued. The Board recognises that the situation in the Middle East continues to evolve and may impact trading dynamics. W hile it is still early in the year, the Group's strong start to date and current momentum has enhanced the Board's confidence in its expectations for the year . Our recent acquisitions of Link, Serpac and Zuma highlight our continued focus on expanding and enhancing the business and we remain well positioned to take advantage of further opportunities in a trading environment that continues to support growth. Ends For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Andi Case, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Woyda, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer Tel: +44(0)20 7334 0000 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,250 people in over 70 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 23 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and