BETA Close X Clarkson PLC announced the retirement of CFO & COO Jeff Woyda after 18 years with the company. The Board will begin searching for a successor, considering both internal and external candidates, and Woyda will assist with the transition over his 12-month notice period. During Woyda's tenure, Clarksons achieved its 22nd consecutive year of dividend growth in 2024. He was also integral in helping mould the culture at Clarksons, including the creation of The Clarkson Foundation. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 16 September 2025 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 16 September 2025 Retirement of Director Clarkson PLC (the "Company"), the world's leading provider of integrated shipping services, today announces that CFO & COO, Jeff Woyda, has informed the Board of his intention to retire, having served over 18 years with the Company. The Board will now proceed with a formal search for a successor, considering internal and external candidates. Jeff will support the Board in ensuring an orderly transition during his 12-month notice period. Andi Case, Clarksons' CEO, said: "On behalf of everyone at Clarksons I would like to thank Jeff for his dedication and many years of exceptional service. Over the past two decades, Jeff has been instrumental in helping shape our strategic journey, driving investment and overseeing corporate acquisitions that have broadened our product offerings and global reach. Consequently, Clarksons has established itself as a leader with diversity of revenue and opportunities for growth in all markets. The success of this strategy for shareholders, colleagues and clients is evident as 2024 saw Clarksons' 22nd consecutive year of dividend growth. "During his tenure, Jeff has helped us guide the business through many acquisitions and their successful integration into the business. He has also been extremely effective whenever we have faced challenges, with Clarksons emerging stronger each time - whether it was navigating the global financial crisis, the 2014 oil price shock, a cyber-attack, the consequences of geo-political uncertainty and especially the Covid pandemic. "I would also like to thank Jeff as he has been integral in helping mould the culture at Clarksons to what it is today, no better example of which is the creation of The Clarkson Foundation and the incredible contribution it has made to so many good causes. "We wish Jeff a very well deserved and enjoyable retirement as we drive Clarksons through its next phase of growth." Laurence Hollingworth, Clarksons' Chair, said: "Since becoming Chairman in 2022 I have worked extensively with Jeff, and I have nothing but praise for the wide-reaching contribution he has made to the growth and success of Clarksons. He is an individual of outstanding integrity, dedication and commitment with a powerful work ethic. He retires with the business in excellent shape and in a strong position to continue the momentum we have seen over the past several years. I wish him a very happy retirement." Jeff Woyda, Clarksons' CFO & COO: "Clarksons has been a big part of my life for the past 18 years and my decision to retire from the Group has been taken with mixed emotions. It has been an honour and privilege to serve as both CFO and COO of Clarksons. I am proud to have supported Andi in his leadership of the business and to have worked with such an outstanding executive team, each of whom show exceptional dedication, commitment and talent. I am also grateful to have benefitted from the support of the Board. The Company in 2006 was a very different business from the market leader it is today, providing strong foundations for the next phase of growth. I now look forward to spending more time with my family and pursuing personal interests outside of an executive career." This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6R. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Deborah Abrehart Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)20 7334 3171 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,100 people in over 60 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 22 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and