BETA Close X Clarkson PLC has acquired 100% of Zuma Labs Limited, a technology provider for the Forward Freight Agreement and commodities markets, to enhance its FFA market technology. Zuma's flagship product, Venetian, offers a hybrid voice and electronic platform for pricing collection and distribution, powered by its AI product, Prism, which provides real-time intelligence. This acquisition aims to accelerate Venetian's market reach and support AI technology adoption across maritime and commodity markets. Zuma will continue to operate as a wholly owned subsidiary of Clarkson PLC. Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 08 January 2026 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 8 January 2026 Clarksons Acquires Zuma Labs to Transform FFA Market Technology Clarkson PLC (" Clarksons ") is pleased to announce the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of Zuma Labs Limited (" Zuma "), a leading technology provider serving stakeholders in the Forward Freight Agreement (" FFA ") and commodities markets. Zuma, founded in 2020, was created to meet the rising demand for data and the growing appetite among FFA participants to leverage technology for a more efficient approach to trading. Zuma's flagship product, Venetian , is a hybrid voice and electronic application that provides market participants with the ability to collect, record and distribute live pricing within a single interface. Venetian delivers advanced liquidity management and critical data insights for demanding markets. Venetian is powered by Prism , Zuma's AI product, which gathers real-time intelligence from multiple sources enabling users to act on data quickly. Today, Zuma is trusted by leading broking houses worldwide, who leverage its capabilities to deliver enhanced insight and efficiency to their customer base. This acquisition will expedite Zuma's strategy to expand Venetian's market reach, be at the forefront of technology for FFA, commodity and maritime markets and support AI enabled technology adoption. Chase Bennett, CEO of Zuma Labs, commented : " Venetian was built from the ground up to meet the real-world needs of brokers and traders. It is the modern way to broker, analyse and assist in trading FFA markets. Today, we have a significant presence in the Dry FFA market but with Clarksons as a strategic partner - bringing unmatched market coverage, expertise, and a shared vision of technology as an enabler - we're well-positioned to accelerate adoption across multiple markets. "Furthermore, the potential of Prism , our AI product, combined with Clarksons' depth of market knowledge, can create a powerful platform for progress, not just for clients, but for the markets as a whole." Andi Case, CEO of Clarksons, commented: "Chase and the Zuma team showcase tools for trade with AI capabilities that unlock significant opportunities across our markets. Innovation has always been at the heart of our strategy, and this acquisition reinforces our commitment to technology enhanced engagement, growth, and delivering on the evolving needs of all market brokers and their clients in an increasingly complex global trading environment." Zuma will continue to trade under its own name and brand, operating as a wholly owned subsidiary of Clarkson PLC. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Andi Case, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Woyda, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer Tel: +44(0)20 7334 000 ​ Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,100 people in over 60 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 22 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Altitude Group 1 hour ago Team Internet Group plc 1 hour ago Hargreaves Services 1 hour ago IWG 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and