Disclaimer* Clarkson PLC 06 October 2026 CLARKSON PLC ("the Company" or "Clarksons") 6 October 2026 Trading update The Board of Clarkson PLC, the world's leading provider of integrated shipping services, today issues the following update. Clarksons' trading in August and September has been very strong. The ongoing geopolitical complexity has created further volatility across commodity and freight markets, accordingly in some areas we have seen record freight rates and this has also then passed through to asset prices. The Broking division has delivered revenues significantly ahead of previous expectations, while also adding to the forward order book. Alongside this, the Financial division has executed a number of transactions, resulting in performance also being significantly up on expectations. Consequently, whilst this trading environment remains very volatile the Board now expects underlying profit before tax for the full year to 31 December 2026 to be not less than £135m. We believe the Group's strategy of long-standing investment in the breadth and quality of its market-leading platform in terms of teams, tools for trade and technology this year and over the past two decades positions it well to capitalise on market conditions when and where they arise. For further details please contact: Company enquiries: Andi Case Chief Executive Officer Rachel Fletcher Company Secretary Tel: +44(0)20 7334 3171 Camarco: Billy Clegg Jennifer Renwick Tel: +44(0)20 3757 4980 About Clarkson PLC Clarkson PLC is the world's leading provider of integrated services and investment banking capabilities to the shipping and offshore markets, facilitating global trade. Founded in 1852, Clarksons offers its diverse and growing client base an unrivalled range of shipbroking services, sector research, on-hand logistical support and full investment banking capabilities in all key shipping and offshore sectors. Clarksons continues to drive innovation across its business, developing digital solutions which underpin the Group's unrivalled expertise and knowledge with leading technology. The Group employs over 2,250 people in over 70 offices across its four divisions. The Company has delivered 23 years of consecutive dividend growth. The highly cash-generative nature of the business, supported by a strong balance sheet, has enabled Clarksons to continue to invest to position the business to capitalise on opportunities in its markets. Clarksons is listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange under the ticker CKN and is a member of the FTSE 250 Index. For more information, visit www.clarksons.com This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (together, 'MAR'). Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Clarkson (CKN) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago EPE Special Opportunities Limited (DI) 1 hour ago Itaconix 1 hour ago Barratt Redrow 1 hour ago Transense Technologies 14 hours ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and