Be CLARKSON PLE

Company number: 1190238

Enabling

global trade.
LEACHING) DOSE —
Enangea:

<
i=
| a
ia *ACQCKNNE*
| A10 26/05/2023
| COMPANIES HOUSE

#144 |

2022 Annual Raport

—-

|

~ /

2022 highlights

Revenue*

£603.8M

Underlying profit before taxation**

£100.9mM

2021: £443.3m 2021: £69.4m

Reported profit before taxation Dividend per share C+)
£1O0.1M 930

2021: £69.1m 2021: 84p

* Classed as a key performance indicator. Refer to page 14 for more information.
* Classed as an alternative performance measure. See below for further details.

Contents
Overview Financial statements
Global demand IFC Consolidated income statement 151
Enabling global trade. Leading positive change 1 Consolidated statement of
Our framework for creating value 2 comprehensive income 151
Consolidated balance sheet 152
Strategic Report Consolidated statement of changes in equity 153
Chair's review 4 — Consolidated cash flow statement 154
Chief Executive Officer's review 6 Notes to the consolidated financial statements 155
Financial review 10 — Parent Company balance sheet 194
Key performance indicators 4 Parent Company statement of changes inequity 195
Business review, including 16 Parent Company cash flow statement 196
- Broking 18 Notes to the Parent Company
- Financial 26 financial statements 197
~ Support 30
~ Research 34 Other information
Our markets. 38 Alternative performance measures 214
Our strategy 44 Glossary 216
Our business model 46 Five-year financial summary 220
Our stakeholders 52
Section 172 statement 54 rorward-looking statements
Our impact: Certain statements in this Annual Report are forward-looking. Although
- Environmental 58 _ the Group believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
~ Task Foree on Climate-Related Sao er ner ner
Financial Disclosures 62 uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
- Social 64 implied by these forward-looking statements. The Group undertakes no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result
R ene ent 2 of new information, future events or otherwise.
ist
Clarxsons uses Abs as key fnanci indicator to assess the underlying
Corporate Governance Report Fateh acer peer ea
Governance at a glance 84 Bowplsbette eect busines curtomance an rode ust ovratn
Chair's introduction to Corporate per share, See pages 214 and 215 for further information on APMs.
Governance Report 85 offices and countries
Code compliance 86 _ information related to offices and countries where we operate
Board of Directors 87 _ {sat 31 December 2022 unless otherwise stated
Corporate Governance Report 92
Nomination Committee Report 100
Audit and Risk Committee Report 108
Directors’ Remuneration Report 16 — Throughout this Annual Report you will find a series of icons
Directors’ Report 138 which will direct you to further information:
Directors’ Responsibilities Statement 142
Independent Auditors’ Report 143

Scan the QR Find out further
code to access information in

more content other parts of this
on our website. — Annual Report.

Access further
information online.

Enabling global trade
Leading positive change

Seaborne trade accounts
for 85% of global trade.

Whilst shipping is the most
emissions efficient mode
of transport, there Is an
increasing impetus towards
decarbonisation.

Against this backdrop,
Clarksons continues to

drive smarter, cleaner global
trade - that’s our purpose.

Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report 1

Global demand
Long-term investment in our business
enables us to meet global demand

85%

Of global trade
is carried on ships

Access our
Annual Report

Zon ~
tonnes

Of global seaborne trade

56

Clarksons offices / %
O

Expected increase in
length of haul for oil
products in 2023 due

to redistribution of flows
post the onset of the
Russia-Ukraine conflict

Countries in which
Clarksons operates

1.5 tonnes

Seaborne trade
per capita

4

Employees

38%

Peak containership
congestion as measured
by the share of the global

24%

Of all global imports
are into China

2.5%

Shipping’s share of
global CO2 emissions

Our framework for creating value

Our purpose

Communicates our
strategic direction to

our people, clients and
wider stakeholders,

and underpins everything
that we do.

Enabling global trade.

Leading positive change.

We enable smarter, cleaner global
trade by empowering our clients and
our people to make better informed
decisions using our market-leading
technology and intelligence; and in
doing so, meet the demands of the
world's rapidly evolving maritime,
offshore, trade and energy markets.

y

Our values

Articulate the qualities
that we embody and
represent our current and
future aspirations for the
business. They are the
foundation of our culture.

We always act with integrity

We are honest and straight talking
with no tolerance for hidden
agendas or politics. We act with
thoughtfulness and integrity so
our clients know they can trust

us to do the right thing.

We're dedicated to excellence

We work as a team, using our insight
and intelligence to explore innovative
solutions. We strive to exceed clients’
expectations, every time.

We collaborate and challenge
We're committed to collective
success and we're not afraid

of challenging the status quo

to achieve it. Across 56 offices

in 24 countries, we work together
to reach the best outcomes.

Our behaviours

We live our values through

our behaviours.

Driven

..is the desire and passion

to succeed, deliver excellence
and make positive change:
‘the will to win.’

Links to our values:
Dedicated to excellence
Act with integrity

Resilient

.is the ability to persist and
adapt in difficult situations,
bouncing back from setbacks

Links to our values:
Dedicated to excellence
Collaborate and challenge

Collaborative

..is working with colleagues to
share information, develop skills,
build Clarksons’ community
and deliver results.

Links to our values:
Collaborate and challenge
Dedicated to excellence

Relationship builder

..iS building strong, sustainable
Partnerships with colleagues,
clients and stakeholders.

Links to our values:
Collaborate and challenge
Act with integrity

Smart

..is solving problems, providing
advice and making smarter
decisions based on logic, facts,
data and a future view.

Links to our values:
Dedicated to excellence
Act with integrity

Our competitive
strengths

What differentiates us

from our competitors and
drives our business model.

People
The best in the business.

Clients
Understanding their needs.

Intelligence
Authoritative.

Technology
Robust platforms and tools.

Experience

Unrivalled depth, established leading

position, all facilitating smarter,
cleaner global trade.

@

Read more:

Our business model on pages 46 to 51.

ne ee at

Our strategic
pillars

Building on our strong
performance to maintain

and develop our position

as the global market

leader in shipping services.

Breadth
Expanding our breadth to better
tailor our integrated offer.

Reach
Extending our reach to support
clients globally.

Understanding
Stronger understanding
of clients’ needs.

People
Empowering people
to fulfil their potential.

Trust
Maintaining trust
in shipping intelligence.

Growth
Growing our business
to improve performance.

co)

Read more:
Our strategy on pages 44 and 45.

Our stakeholders

We create value
for our stakeholders.

Our clients

By offering a market-leading
service at every step of the
shipping lifecycle.

Our people

By providing a great place
to work where everyone can
fulfil their potential.

Our communities

By having a positive impact

on both the shipping community
and wider society.

Our shareholders
By generating sustainable
long-term value and returns

ci)

Read more:

Our Stakeholder engagement on
pages 52, 53, 64 to 71 and 96 to 99.

MEYVERO)

ES ERAS

a2 ero ||

Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report

| Semuenee a

Chair’s review

A record year
2022 was a remarkable
year for the shipping
industry.

Overview

As | reflect at the end of my first year as Chair, various
observations spring to mind as to what makes Clarksons
such an exceptional business. First is the quality, energy
and focus of all of our employees worldwide, without
whom the record results for 2022 we have delivered
would not have been possible. Second is our culture and
values, which underpin the way we operate and behave
and which are reflected in our many strong and enduring
client relationships. Finally, and crucially, is our relentless
focus on investing in the future of our Company, be that
through, for example, the green transition, our continued
investment in Sea/ and the training of our people to
ensure best-in-class service to our clients.

2022 was a remarkable year for the shipping industry
driven by a number of significant “x” factors. As countries
were at differing stages of recovery from COVID-19 and
China experienced a second lockdown, congestion

and disruption were already the key issues in shipping.
Then Russia's invasion of Ukraine caused another wave
of wide-reaching consequences, including sanctions
and significant changes in both commodity flow and
availability, issues not just for shipping but for the wider
economy as well. The energy and cost of living crises,
combined with inflation and higher interest rates, added
further challenges to the global economy, and to the
asset-heavy shipping industry.

Laurence Hollingworth

Chair Against this backdrop, the Group continued to thrive,

a testament to both the strategy and the teams within
Clarksons. The decarbonisation journey, which is both
complex and important for shipping, is now well
underway but will take time to complete. Transition
will require a number of different solutions, significant
investment and the provision of finance’to the industry.
Clarksons is focused on ensuring we can add value
within this process.

We believe our long-term strategic commitment to
continuing to invest in our teams, products and services
will continue to reap dividends as the market evolves.

In addition to extending the depth and breadth of our
broking teams, we continue to invest in high-quality data
within Clarksons Research, Sea/ - our maritime technology
platform, Support covering ports services and supplies,
and the Financial division sourcing financing across
shipping, offshore, renewables and real estate.

4 Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report

Results

lam delighted to report that underlying profit before
taxation! was £100.9m (2021: £69.4m) with underlying
basic earnings per share' of 250.3p (2021: 165.6p).
Reported profit before taxation was £100.1m (2021:
£69.1m) with reported basic earnings per share of 247.9p
(2021: 164.6p).

Free cash resources! as at 31 December 2022 were
£130.9m (2021: £92.3m).

Dividend

We are extremely proud to confirm that this will be our
20th consecutive year of dividend increases. The Board
is recommending a final dividend for 2022 of 64p (2021:
57p). Combined with the interim dividend in respect of
2022 of 29p (2021: 27p), the resulting full year dividend
in respect of 2022 results is 93p (2021: 84p). The dividend
will be payable on 26 May 2023 to shareholders on the
register on 12 May 2023, subject to shareholder approval.

People

| was delighted to take up the role of Chair on

2 March 2022 and | greatly appreciate the generosity
of my colleagues, who have committed significant time
and energy to immerse me in all aspects of Clarksons’
business. | have been hugely impressed by the energy,
agility and future-focused strategic activity across

all departments.

The enthusiasm and commitment to co-ordinated
support of our clients across all sectors and at all levels
is what | believe makes Clarksons so highly regarded
by clients looking for market-leading intelligence and
insights across the industry. Our continued focus is

on expanding our global footprint and service offering,
and adding to what is the very best talent in the sector
across all divisions. | thank all our colleagues for their
exceptional efforts this year.

Giving back

It is of the utmost importance to us that Clarksons is

a force for good across our global community, and we
ensure that both our colleagues and the communities
we are part of around the world are valued, respected
and supported. To that end, this year we have extended
the activities of our Green Transition team in every

area of the business, helping our clients to reduce the
impact of shipping on the environment, and reinforced
our commitment to the activities of The Clarkson
Foundation to create positive change for those in

need around the world, The Clarkson Foundation has,
for example, made a tangible difference by donating to
charities that provided clean water facilities and hygiene
education to five schools in Kenya and funded hot meals
over the Christmas period to some experiencing
homelessness in London.

Board

Peter Backhouse retired from the Board this year
following the completion of his nine-year tenure as

an independent Non-Executive Director. | would like

to thank Peter for his outstanding service to Clarksons.
His perspective, insights and counsel have been greatly
valued as Clarksons has steered a successful course
through a period of considerable volatility, and we wish
him the very best for the future.

Outlook

We start 2023 confident in the outlook for Clarksons.
The successful execution of our long-term strategy to
be best-in-class across all segments of shipping, offshore
and renewables means that we are optimally positioned
for what we believe will be a sustained period of growth
in the industry.

Whilst there are considerable uncertainties in the
geo-political landscape, we are confident that supply-side
constraints brought about by years of underinvestment
and the pressure on shipowners and charterers to
decarbonise, will provide significant opportunities

for Clarksons long into the future.

We will continue our strategy of investing in the best
people and opportunities across the globe to ensure
that we remain at the very forefront of the industry,
delivering growth for all stakeholders.

Finally, | would like to thank every employee in every
office of the Group for their commitment and hard work
during the past year. It is truly appreciated.

Laurence Hollingworth
Chair
3 March 2023

1 Classed as an APM. See pages 214 and 215 for further information.

Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report 5

Chief Executive Officer’s review

The biggest change

in shipping arises from
the green transition
Clients recognise the
significant steps they
need to take towards
dcecarbonisation.

2022 was a record year for Clarksons, and | thank all my
colleagues across every area of the business for their hard
work, dedication and commitment. Our performance
this year is the result of our consistent strategy,

(i) to be best-in-class across each and every vertical
within shipping and offshore, (ii) to be best-in-class

in each geographic region globally, (iii) to have the best
data, intelligence and analysis, Civ) to invest in our teams
and the best tools for trade, (v) to have an integrated
business model meeting all the needs of our extensive
client base, and most importantly (vi) to add value to our
clients and put their needs at the heart of all that we do.
This strategy has of course been underpinned by our
growing team of professionals and experts, and | am
proud to work alongside the very best in the industry.

We have for some time been signalling the evolution in
maritime, which we are now seeing and benefiting from.
Demand and supply are in constant motion; there is
uncertainty of technology for the green transition; fleet
profiles are the oldest for over a decade; the order book
of new ships is historically low compared to the overall
Andi Case fleet in most of the larger commodity verticals; financing
Chief Executive Officer availability is tight; and interest rate rises together with
inflation are impacting on the cost of building. It is clear
to see there are still significant constraints on the scale
of shipbuilding.

But without question, the green transition is the biggest
change in shipping and the drivers for change in our
industry are significant. Regulators, charterers, industry
lobby groups and the consumers of products shipped
are demanding change in the greenhouse gas emissions
of shipping. The needs of participants to predict, record
and analyse emissions data in order to reduce their
footprint on an ongoing basis has never been higher,
which means that the services offered by our broking,
research and technology teams are in high demand.
Importantly, our Green Transition consultancy, linked
with the intelligence offered by our execution capability
in newbuildings, is helping our clients drive change.

This activity will significantly alter the specifications

of vessels on the water and the value drivers in vessel
chartering, where emissions are becoming a key metric
as to which vessel to select.

6 Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report

The order book is increasingly comprised of alternate-
fuelled ships with evolving designs. A full understanding
of all elements of this transition is a key component of
our service in helping clients meet the needs of the
industry. Nevertheless, overall the newbuild order book
is flat, with most of the activity in 2022 in containerships,
car carriers and gas carriers. Elevated newbuilding
prices, limited berth availability and uncertainty around
fuelling technology contributed to relatively lower order
volumes, increasing the likelihood of meaningful supply-
side constraints over the coming years in many verticals.
Further constraints arise from environmental pressures,
which are creating more scrutiny and control over

the existing fleet, impacting and constraining speed

and emissions.

Over the last few years there has been an increased need
to focus on Know Your Client (‘KYC’) and compliance
with global sanctions. We have invested in this area and
we believe that this has become increasingly important to
clients following the onset of the Russia-Ukraine conflict,
which has created complex challenges as businesses
need to protect their reputations while complying with
sanctions. Our clients want to understand the implications
of dealing with all parties within their entire network, and
their recognition that wilful ignorance is not acceptable
means that they value Clarksons' market-leading
systems and commitment to transparency.

Broking

The maritime industry experienced a diversity of trends
across its major segments during the year. Major global
disruption, including the dislocation of trade brought
about by the onset of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and
the continued impact from the COVID-19 pandemic,
tightened markets and impacted, not only seaborne
cargoes, but also pipelines. This led the ClarkSea index
to increase 30% to an all-time high, before coming off in
Q4 on the back of a slowing world economy, inflation and
an easing of COVID-19-related port congestion. Indeed,
these global economic and geo-political stresses have
put immense pressure on the shipping industry to rapidly
change, to ensure food and energy reach people in need,
irrespective of the changes in supply chains and sanctions
which have massively changed shipping routes and
participants able to transact with each other. Our ability
to understand the changing situation and react quickly
has stood us in very good stead during the period.

Against this backdrop, the Broking division, which has

a market-leading position in all key shipping sectors, had
a particularly strong year as volume and market share
gains aligned with high utilisation rates, driving higher
freight rates. Despite the rate environment not reaching
record levels, the broking teams broke all previous highs,
giving us significant confidence for the sector as supply-
side constraints and inflationary pressures support
higher prices going forward.

The offshore oil, gas and renewables market also had

a year of change resulting in a notably stronger year,
driven by increased demand for energy in the short term
and the drive towards energy security. The team is seeing
significant opportunities for assets as nations and
businesses seek to reduce their dependence on Russian
natural resources. Moreover, the long-term trend towards
renewable energy and its importance in the energy
basket is driving our continued investment in renewables
across all areas of the business.

Tankers, specialised products and gas markets, covering
LNG, LPG and other petrochemical gases, have had a
strong year and continue to perform well with good
market fundamentals for the future. The dry bulk market
was also strong for much of the year, but freight rates
have come off more recently due to short-term factors
which we believe will reverse as the year progresses.

The container sector started off the year at record levels,
but faced a sharp decline in the second half due to a
decrease in trade volumes and congestion unravelling.

The S&P team had a very successful year as demand
for vessels was high, despite there being a significant
volume of transactions with respect to the much talked
about shadow fleet which was off limits to our teams.

Overall, segmental profit before taxation from Broking

was £117.6m, up £44.0m over the year, with a margin
of 23.7%.

Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report 7

Chief Executive Officer's review
continued

Financial

The Financial division faced tougher conditions in 2022
with an adverse macro-economic and geo-political
environment leading to a pause in capital raising.
Several transactions which were due to be completed
in the second half of 2022 are now expected to close
in the first half of 2023, and indeed many have already
been completed, or are close to being completed,

at the time of writing.

Our areas of focus in shipping, metals and mining.
offshore oil services and renewables mean that our
pipeline remains strong. Whilst the macro-economic
outlook for 2023 remains uncertain, we expect to benefit
as a number of large banks and other competitors have
left these markets and there remains pent-up demand
for capital.

Our project finance teams across shipping, offshore
and real estate have also continued to perform well.

Overall, our Financial division produced a segmental
profit before taxation of £7.8m in 2022 compared with
£13.3m in 2021.

~ ~_
Support oN
The Support division had a very strong 2022 as .
our agency, supplies, customs clearance and freight —
forwarding businesses all benefited from the increasing NN
focus on offshore renewables, as well as increased
activity through ports as COVID-19 congestion has eased. _ .
We have, since the year-end, continued our investment = ~~~
in this growth segment and | was delighted to recently ~ mS
\ \
\

announce investment in DHSS, a renewables-focused
port services business based in mainland Europe.

The Support division produced a segmental profit 5
before taxation of £5.0m and a 12.8% margin in 2022
(2021: £3.3m and 11.1%). \

Research
The performance of the Research division is testament 1

to the depth and quality of Clarksons’ research and the .
high regard in which it is held by clients. Its products / J / “
have seen significant growth from increased breadth vA 7
and depth, particularly extensive evolution in data and /
intelligence relating to the green transition in shipping /
and the overall energy transition. ff

The division increased segmental profit before taxation f / /
by 14.8% to £7.0m (2021: £6.1m). 4

8 Clarkson PLC | 2022 Annual Report