EXE Clarkson PLC |

Company number 1190238

{ewan :

COMPANIES HOUSE

Smarter decisions.
Powered by intelligence.

Contents Financial highlights

Overview Revenue*

Our purpose at Clarksons 1

At aglance GF

Purpose in action 2

Strategic report i |

Chair's review 14

Chief Executive Officer's review 16 2019: £363.0m

parcial review, including: 18 Underlying profit before taxation**

- Broking 20

— Financial 32

- Support 36

— Research 40 |

Our markets 44

Our strategy 52 .

Our stakeholders 54 2019: £49.3m

Our business model 56 Reported loss before taxation

Our impact 58

Key performance indicators 69

Risk management 70

Compliance statements, including: 79

- Section 172(1) statement 79 | |

Corporate governance 2019: £0.2m profit

Chair's introduction to corporate governance 80 —-

Code compliance g1 Dividend per share

Board of Directors 82

Governance, including: 86

- Nomination Committee report 92

- Audit and Risk Committee report 100

Directors’ remuneration report 106

Directors’ report 122 7

Directors’ responsibilities statement 126 2019: 78p

Independent auditors’ report 127 * Classed as a key performance indicator. Refer to page 69 for further detail.
* Classed as an Alternative Performance Measure. See below for further detail.

Financial statements

Consolidated income statement 134

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 134

Consolidated balance sheet 135

Consolidated statement of changes in equity 136

Consolidated cash flow statement 137

Notes to the consolidated financial statements 138

Parent Company balance sheet 172

Parent Company statement of changes in equity 173

Parent Company cash flow statement 174

Notes to the Parent Company financial statements 175

Other information

Glossary 192 Forward-looking statements

Five-year financial summary 195 Certain statements in this annual report are forward-looking. Although

Principal trading offices 196 _ the Group believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking

People imagery in this report has been taken by the Clarksons team during
these unprecedented times.

statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations
will prove to have been correct. Because these statements involve risks and
uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. The Group undertakes no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result

‘of new information, future events or otherwise.

Alternative performance measures (APMs)
Clarksons uses APMs as key financial indicators to assess the underlying
performance of the Group. Management considers the APMs used by the
Group to better reflect business performance and provide useful information.
‘Our APMs include underlying profit before taxation and underlying earnings
per share.

An explanation and reconcil
calculations are included wi

ion of the term ‘underlying’ and related
the Financial review on page 18.

Employees, offices and countries
Information related to employees, offices and countries where we operate
is at 31 December 2020 unless otherwise stated.

For more information please visit
www.clarksons.com

Our purpose at Clarksons

We enable smarter, cleaner
global trade by empowering
our clients and our people
to make better informed
decisions using our
market-leading technology
and intelligence; and in
doing so, meet the demands
of the world’s rapidly
evolving maritime, offshore,
trade and energy markets.

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annuat Report 1

yoda a1Baye¢ MBIA

eourwendb eyes0ds0D

syuaweyeys jeloueuly

UOHEWUOJU! JBYIO,

Ata glance

Broking

Our broking services are unrivalled - in terms of the number
and calibre of our brokers, our breadth of market coverage,
geographical spread and depth of intelligence resources.

Financial

From full investment banking services to project finance
and the arrangement of dedicated finance solutions for the
shipping, offshore and natural resources markets, we help
our clients fund transactions and conclude deals that would
often be impossible via other more traditional routes.

Share of revenue

Share of revenue

79%

9%

Services

- Dry cargo

- Containers

— Tankers

- Specialised products
- Gas

- LNG

~ Sale and purchase
— Offshore

- Renewables

~ Futures

Number of employees

1,191

Services Number of employees

- Securities
- Project finance 95
— Structured asset finance

Support

Our teams provide the highest levels of support with 24/7
attendance at a wide range of strategically located ports in
the UK and Egypt, offering port services support, agency,
freight forwarding, supplies and tools for the marine and
offshore industries.

Research

Clarksons Research is the market leader in providing timely and
authoritative intelligence on all aspects of shipping. We provide
data on over 160,000 vessels, 30,000 machinery models,
47,000 companies and 900 shipyards, as well as extensive
trade and commercial data and around 200,000 time series.

Share of revenue Share of revenue
{) 0/
7% 5%
Services Number of employees Services Number of employees
- Agency - Digital
- Gibb Group 261 - Services 126
— Stevedoring - Reports

culture

countries

offices

year history

employees

Purpose
in action

To those of us that work here, Clarksons is more
than just a job. Our culture is something that
continues to attract new talent, retain existing
employees and set us apart from others in the
industry. Teamwork and collaboration are at

the heart of our culture, driving close working
relationships that enable us to pull together

and continue to deliver for our clients.

2 = Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report

Delivering for our clients,

no matter what, is a
fundamental ingredient

of earning their trust.
Regardless of the
challenges in 2020, the
global Clarksons team
worked seamlessly together
to support our clients.

#oneclarksons

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report 3

We kept
our clients
informed

Our teams created regular and bespoke
reports, hosted interactive webinars and
kept in close virtual contact 24/7
throughout 2020, ensuring our clients
were up-to-date with fast-moving global
changes and the impact of these on
shipping markets, thus enabling them to

make the right decisions at the right time.

#smarterdecisions

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report

5

M@IAJ2AQ

yoda o16aye4S5

e@ourwenoBb eyes0di0g

syuaweje}s jeoueUI

UOIFEWUOJU! BIO,

Purpose in action
continued

We enabled
business to
keep moving

Sea/contracts enables digitised
production, management and approval
of charter party agreements, together
with electronic signatures and access
anywhere anytime. Our clients no longer
need to physically print and courier
documents around the world for

agreement and signatures to be captured.

#poweredbyintelligence

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report

7

yoda o1Bayeg M@IAI2AQ,

@OUBLAAOH ayes0duoD

SyUaWA}e}S [BIUeUIY

UONWOJU! JB4}O,

We focused
on helping the
industry meet
sustainability
targets

We expanded our services to help clients
navigate the decarbonisation of their
business. Our technology offering helps
clients to calculate their carbon output,
allowing them to make cleaner voyage
decisions. We established a carbon
emissions broking desk to enable clients
to offset their CO2 footprint.

#smarterdecisions

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report 9

yoda o16aye45 M@IAOAQ

eoueweno6 @y210d109

syuaweye}s jeloueuty

uoNeWOJUI 8410,

We supported
growth in
renewable
energy

Our global teams support clients
through our specialist knowledge and
consultancy regarding the construction,
installation and maintenance of offshore
wind farms and renewables projects.

We provide market intelligence and
analytics, broking of newbuildings,
conversions and chartering for offshore
renewables assets, port services,
logistics and supplies, and financing
for offshore energy developers.

#smarterdecisions

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report

"

@odUBWAAOB eye10du0D yoda o16aye4g M@IAJ8AQ

syuaweyeys jeIoueUly

UoreWUOJUI Ley

We supported
our people

to help our
communities
globally

More than ever, 2020 was the year

in which the Clarksons team pulled
together. We enabled our staff to take
decisions that would help to keep our
business moving, keep staff connected
and motivated, and, where possible,

to donate our time and resources to
those in need. In these exceptional times,
our extraordinary people have achieved
extraordinary things.

#smarterdecisions

Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report 13

yoda, oibayeg M@IAJBAQ

aura ayes0di0D,

sjuaweyeys [eIoueUly

UOEWOJU! JEYIO

Chair’s review

Exceptional performance
in the most challenging
conditions.

Sir Bill Thomas

Chair

14 Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report

Overview

In what has been, without doubt, the most globally disruptive
and challenging time in living memory, | have been deeply
impressed with the exceptional response of the entire
Clarksons team. Colleagues have risen to the challenge of
providing each other and their clients with excellent support
and service throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Clarksons
works hard to remain the market leader, with the best teams,
technology, research, insights and information flows. However,
in the face of the huge challenges we have faced in 2020,

our major focus has been on keeping our people safe and

the global delivery of a first-class service across all our offices
by every member of the Clarksons team.

Given the circumstances, to have delivered a strong set
of underlying results that were both cash-generative and
exceeded market consensus, is a testament to our robust
business model and the quality of our team.

Whilst the most pressing issue for the business has been

the impact of COVID-19, the accelerating importance of
sustainability and the green transition has also been a major
area of focus. Clarksons continues to play a key role as an
agent of change in the environmental agenda. This year we
have again expanded our capabilities in execution, financing,
data and support of the renewables industry. Within shipping
we are working with charterers and owners, service providers
and industry bodies to drive change through lower emissions
of greenhouse gases powered by cleaner energy.

The rapid transition to remote working has expedited the
rollout of our Sea/ products to clients as it became apparent
that the pandemic was going to impact working practices
globally. Sea/ provides a highly efficient and compliant platform
to enable our clients to manage their risk, monitor their fleet
performance and transact globally, regardless of their location.

Results
Underlying profit before taxation was £44.7m (2019: £49.3m).

Maritime capital markets and energy demand have been
severely affected by events during this challenging time and
consequently, in keeping with many businesses, the Board
determined that it would be appropriate to take a goodwill
impairment charge relating to securities and offshore of
£60.6m (2019: £47.5m). | should however stress that this is

a consequence of exceptional market change, is a non-cash
item, and will have no impact on distributable reserves or the
Company's capacity to pay dividends.

Consequently, reported loss before taxation was £16.4m
(2019: £0.2m profit before taxation). Underlying basic earnings
per share was 106.0p (2019: 118.8p). The reported basic loss
per share was 95.2p (2019: 42.4p).

Free cash resources as at 31 December 2020 were £81.1m
(2019: £68.7m).

Dividend

In March 2020, the Board announced that it had deferred its
decision on the amount and timing of the 2019 final dividend
to give the business the time it needed to assess the financial
impact of COVID-19. The Company has clearly risen to the
challenges presented and its robust cash position gave the
Board confidence to announce in August that the Company
would pay the equivalent of the 2019 final dividend of

53p per share as an interim dividend on 21 September 2020
and a further interim dividend for 2020

---

The balance sheet remains strong, with

net current assets and investments exceeding non-current
liabilities (excluding pension provisions and lease liabilities

as accounted for under IFRS 16) by £95.0m (2019: £93.7m).

The overall loss allowance for trade receivables was £12.3m
(2019: £14.2m).

The Group's pension schemes have a combined surplus before
deferred tax of £12.0m (2019: £11.0m).

Jeff Woyda
Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
5 March 2021

Clarkson PLC |2020 Annual Report 19

@oUeWAaAOB eye10d40D yoda, o16ayey¢ MA@IAJOAQ

syuaweyeys jeloueUly

UOIEWOJUI 42UIO,

Business review

Broking

The performance of the
Broking segment during 2020
has been excellent.

Share of revenue: 79%

Services

= Dry cargo - LNG

- Containers — Sale and purchase
- Tankers — Offshore

— Specialised products — Renewables

- Gas — Futures

Revenue

£282.6m

2019: £283.0m

Segment underlying profit

£55.4m

2019: £55.5m

Forward order book for 2021

US$116m

2019: US$113m

Employees

1,191

2019: 1,122

20 — Clarkson PLC | 2020 Annual Report

Dry cargo
The Baltic Dry Index (BDI) suffered a 21% year-on-year decline
in 2020.

COVID-19 and its impact on trade and industries dominated
the year with dry cargo witnessing the largest ever downturn
in coal seaborne trade. China’s V-shaped economic recovery,
however, led to the restocking of many commodities which
stimulated bulker seaborne demand and supported freight
rates which recovered strongly by mid-year. Heightened
political tension between Beijing and Canberra, together with
Chinese import quota limitations, impacted Australian coal
cargoes, causing extraordinary waiting times at Chinese coal
ports and deviation from traditional trade routes.

Although seaborne trade by weight declined by 2.1%,
tonne-mile demand continued to grow, albeit at a slow 0.5%,
as many Atlantic-originated cargoes normally intended for
the Atlantic market deviated to China.

Capesize rates suffered the biggest decline, falling by 27%,
with underperforming volumes during the first five months
alongside reduced iron ore supplies and COVID-19-induced
coal demand destruction. For vessels smaller than capesizes,
markets also declined with rates down for kamsarmaxes by
20%, supramaxes by 18% and handysizes by 16%. However,
sub-cape vessels were supported by a buoyant grain and
oilseeds sector, driven by plentiful supply and the rapid
recovery in China's animal feed market, which cushioned

the gap that was left by the severe downturn in coal demand.

Many newbuild ships entered the fleet, although tonnage
growth was. countered by accelerated recycling of obsolete ore
carriers and heightened fleet inefficiencies caused by COVID-
19-related requirements, such as quarantine periods for crew
changes, minimum sailing days between ports, newbuilding
and repair yard delays and increased port waiting times.

Looking ahead, dry cargo seaborne trade is forecast to
rebound by 4.3% along with a 5% increase in tonne-miles in
2021. The demand for most dry cargo commodities is expected
to grow, particularly with infrastructure-based economic
stimuli, continued grain demand and any recovery in coal
consumption. While the growth is not expected to be uniform
across all commodities and all countries, each sector of the dry
cargo fleet should see solid demand-side support compared
with the unprecedented disruption of 2020. Fleet growth is
expected to reduce to less than 3%.

The drive towards decarbonisation will be debated as
regulatory and market-led initiatives gain traction, while many
older vessels could head for early recycling as it becomes too
costly under such new green regimes.

Containers

Containership market conditions in 2020 saw dramatic trends,
in both directions, with COVID-19 dominating the dynamics.
Despite the effects of COVID-19 on consumer activity and
supply chains, which significantly reduced container trade
flows and the box shipping markets overall, 2020 ended with
container markets looking extremely positive.

The initial COVID-19 ‘shock’ placed box trade volumes and
container shipping markets under severe stress; the SCFI box
freight index was 20% down in April relative to the start of the
year. The boxship charter market saw acute downward
pressure on earnings with the rate index down 33% from the
start of the year by the end of the first half. Idle capacity hit 12%
of the fleet in May. In the second half, with volumes returning
ahead of expectations, the markets bounced back firmly and
the SCFI index increased by 178%, with box spot freight rates
‘surging globally in the final quarter. Charter rates tightened
from June and saw major improvements by the end of the year,
with the index up 129% relative to that at the end of June. The
one-year time charter rate for a 4,400 TEU ‘old panamax’ unit,
for example, increased more than threefold in the second half
to US$25,000 per day at the end of the year. At the year-end,
the Clarksons Containership Charter Rate Index stood at a
12-year high, with the average across the year up 3% on 2019.
On the container freight market, the SCFI index reached the
highest level on record of 2,783 at the end of 2020, an average
annual increase of 56% compared to 2019, with liner companies
reporting operating margins not seen for a decade.

Secondhand prices, which fell in the first half, increased
significantly in the second half, with the overall index up by
14%; for example, the price of a ten-year old 6,600 TEU unit
increased by 62% to US$34m, with transaction volumes also
picking up (125 vessels in the second six months compared
to just 49 in the first). Idle capacity fell to 4% of the fleet
during December.

Whilst robust capacity management by operators provided the
initial support to alleviate pressure on freight rates, the primary
driver of the dramatic swings was the major recovery in trade
volumes. Global box trade fell by an estimated 1.1% (in TEU)

in 2020, a better result than initially feared. However, the annual
trend did not capture the full magnitude of the variation in
volumes within the year. Seaborne box trade volumes dropped
10% year-on-year in the second quarter alone. In the second
half of the year, returning volumes were driven by a range of
factors, including firmer than expected improvements in some
economies unlocking ‘pent up’ demand, inventory restocking
and frontloading in key regions, shifts in consumer spending
patterns away from services towards goods and shipments

of PPE. Global volumes were up by 6% year-on-year in the last
quarter and 16% on the levels in May, led by rapid Transpacific
growth. A shortage of