Be Clarkson PLC

Company number 1190238

Smarter decisions.
Powered by intelligence.

[sui

COMPANIES HOUSE

2019 Annual Report

At a glance

At the heart of global trade:
providing ‘best in class’ services
to all aspects of the shipping
and offshore markets.

Countries with Clarksons' offices

Broking

Our broking services are unrivalled — in terms of the number
and calibre of our brokers, our breadth of market coverage,
geographical spread and depth of intelligence resources.

Financial

From full investment banking services to project finance

and the arrangement of dedicated finance solutions for the
shipping, offshore and natural resources markets, we help our
clients fund transactions and conclude deals that would often
be impossible via other, more traditional routes.

Share of revenue

Share of revenue

—

Services

- Dry cargo

- Containers

~ Tankers

- Specialised products
- Gas , |
- LNG

- Sale and purchase

~ Offshore

— Renewables

- Futures

Number of employees

IB See more on pages 18 to 28

Services

- Securities

- Project finance

— Structured asset finance

Number of employees

Bi see more on pages 29 to 31

Countries Employees
Offices Years of history
Support Research

Our teams provide the highest levels of support with

24/7 attendance at a wide range of strategically located ports
in the UK and Egypt, offering port services support, agency,
freight forwarding, supplies and tools for the marine and
offshore industries.

Clarksons Research is the market leader in providing timely and
authoritative information on all aspects of shipping. We provide
data on over 160,000 vessels, 30,000 machinery models,
47,000 companies and 900 shipyards, as well as extensive
trade and commercial data and around 200,000 time series.

Share of revenue

Share of revenue

Services Number of employees
- Agency
- Gibb Tools
- Stevedoring
— Freight forwarding
and logistics

Bi See more on pages 34 to 35

Services
— Digital
- Services
- Reports

Number of employees

115

Bi See more on pages 36 to 37

Contents

Financial highlights

Overview

At a glance GF
Welcome to Clarksons 1
Our purpose 2
Strategic report

Chair's review 10
Chief Executive Officer's review 14
Business review, including:

— Broking 18
— Financial 29
- Support 34
- Research 36
Financial review 40
Our markets 44
Our strategy 50
Our business model 52
Our impact 54
Key performance indicators 67
Risk management 68
Corporate governance

Chair's introduction to governance 78
Code compliance 79
Board of Directors 80
Governance, including: 84
— Division of responsibilities 87
- Nomination Committee report 88
- Audit and Risk Committee report 99
Directors’ remuneration report 106
Directors’ report 126
Directors’ responsibilities statement 130
Independent Auditor's report 131
Financial statements

Consolidated income statement 139
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 139
Consolidated balance sheet 140
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 141
Consolidated cash flow statement 142
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 143
Parent Company balance sheet 174
Parent Company statement of changes in equity 175,
Parent Company cash flow statement 176
Notes to the Parent Company financial statements 177
Other information

Glossary 192
Five year financial summary 194
Principal trading offices 195,
Shareholder information 196

Revenue

£363.0m

2018: £337.6m

Underlying profit before taxation

£49.3m

2018: £45.3m

Reported profit before taxation

0.2m

2018: £42.9m

Dividend per share

78p

2018: 75p

For more information please visit
www.clarksons.com

Forward-looking statements

Certain statements in this annual report are forward-looking, Although

the Group believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that these expectations
will prove to have been correct. Because these statements involve risks and
uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. The Group undertakes no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result

of new information, future events or otherwise.

Alternative performance measures (APMs)

Clarksons uses APMs as key financial indicators to assess the underlying
performance of the Group. Management considers the APMs used by the
Group to better reflect business performance and provide useful information.

Our APMs include underlying profit before taxation and underlying earnings
per share.

‘An explanation of the term ‘underlying’ and related calculations are included
within the Financial review on page 41.

Other
Information related to employees, offices and countries where we operate,
is at 31 December 2019 unless otherwise stated.

Welcome to Clarksons

Market intelligence
underpins everything we

do and identifies today

how we can help our clients
understand tomorrow.

Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report 1

Our purpose

2 — Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

Bead more in

Bead more in the

To enable smarter, cleaner
global trade by empowering
our clients and our people
to make better informed

‘decisions using our
market-leading technology
and intelligence; and in doing
so, meet the demands of

the world’s rapidly evolvin
maritime, offshore, trade

and energy markets.

Smarter decisions.
Powered by intelligence.

pages 44 to 49

Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report 3

Supporting
our purpose

What we do

The world is evolving rapidly, with trade flows becoming
increasingly complex and environmental concerns mounting.
As a truly global organisation with deep expertise, we are well
placed to understand and support our clients through this
increasingly complex world.

Global trade carried on ships

85%

Cargo shipped per person per year

1.6 tonnes

Import growth into Asia since 2000

4.3bn tonnes

4 — Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

Read more in
Our markets on
pages 44 to 49

What we do

has a global
impact.

Supporting a
our purpose

strive to meet
the needs of
our clients.

What we do

Our people are our main asset. Building long-lasting
relationships with our clients allows us to understand the
challenges they face and provide them with the intelligence
and tools they need to make smarter decisions. As trusted
advisers, we work with our global client base to provide
solutions and services tailored to their needs.

Clarksons’ offices around the world

52
1,598

Users of our Sea/ platform

4,500

Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report 7

Supporting
our purpose

What we do

We provide real-time information to our clients to enable
them to make smarter and cleaner decisions. Our intelligence
covers shipping, trade, ports, infrastructure, emissions,
offshore and energy. It supports our clients in making fully
informed business decisions across their freight and asset
owning strategies.

Port calls recorded by Sea/net in 2019

3.8 million

Views of Shipping Intelligence Network in 2019

5 million

Users of our Research portal

10,000

8 — Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

We provide
clients wit

intelligence.

Chair’s review

2019 has been a year of

good performance, continued
progress and consolidation

of our leading market position.
Sir Bill Thomas

Chair

10 Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

Overview

2019 has been a year of good operating and financial
performance, continued strategic progress and consolidation
of our leading market position. | am pleased to report to
shareholders that our underlying results were in line with
market expectations. During the year our broking business,
which is a market leader in nearly all its verticals, once again
delivered an increased profit and expanded geographically.
The strong performance in Broking was offset by weakness
in our Financial business, where profits were impacted

by the lack of activity in capital markets. However, we

were pleased to record solid growth in our Support and
Research businesses.

Clarksons is playing an increasingly important role as an
agent for change in the sustainability agenda within shipping,
as the industry strives for a lower sulphur and lower carbon
future powered by cleaner energy. We have also invested

in renewables across Broking, Financial and Support, all
powered by dedicated market intelligence and research.
Regulatory changes are driving changes to fleet and shipping
behaviours, with IMO 2020 being the most recent example.
Further greenhouse gas and emissions targets in 2030

and 2050 provide a favourable long-term backdrop to our
business as fleets evolve from low sulphur oil to other means
of powering ships. In order to reach the 2050 targets, we
estimate that most of the world’s shipping fleet will need to be
replaced. Rates of scrappage will increase as the fleet evolves
within the framework of these regulatory changes, improving
the supply/demand dynamics.

We have continued to invest in technology during the year.
Our recently launched Sea/ products are complementary to
our existing business, providing brokers and clients alike with
improved tools for trade. We are beginning to see adoption of
the Sea/ platform by charterers, owners, traders and brokers
as we seek to increase efficiency and reduce risk for the
entire industry.

Results

Underlying profit before taxation was £49.3m (2018: £45.3m).
Reported profit before taxation was £0.2m (2018: £42.9m) due
to a non-cash impairment charge arising from the acquisition
of RS Platou ASA. Underlying earnings per share was 118.8p
(2018: 105.2p). Reported basic loss per share was 42.4p
(2018: earnings per share 98.8p).

As explained in the financial review, free cash resources
as at 31 December 2019 were £68.7m (2018: £57.0m).

Dividend

Clarksons is increasing its dividend for the 17th
consecutive year in line with its progressive dividend
policy. The Board is recommending a final dividend of 53p
(2018: 51p). Combined with the interim dividend of 25p
(2018: 24p), the resulting full year dividend is up 4% to 78p
(2018: 75p). The dividend will be payable on 29 May 2020
to shareholders on the register at 15 May 2020, subject to
shareholder approval.

Clarksons is committed to its progressive dividend policy,
whilst at the same time growing the business with organic
and occasionally inorganic investments to grow the
profitability. Clarksons has a strong balance sheet and has
a business model which generates free cash flow with high
cash conversion rates. Dividends will remain an important
priority in the years ahead.

People

Over the past year | have spent a great deal of time meeting
and getting to know many of the Clarksons global team.

| have been very impressed with the quality of people | have
met and by the progressive, supportive and inclusive culture.
Training, recruiting and providing our people with industry
leading tools for trade remains a key pillar of the success of
Clarksons. We have again grown the business, hiring a number
of highly experienced colleagues to serve our growing and
highly valued client base, investing in offices in Tokyo, Seoul,
Connecticut, Copenhagen and most recently Madrid, as well
as expanding our offering in the renewables space as we work
towards a cleaner energy future.

| thank all our colleagues in the Clarksons team for their
continued hard work and dedication.

Board

The Board evolution continued in 2019 and into early 2020.

| joined the Board as Non-Executive Chair in February last
year. At the same time, Ed Warner, who was Acting Chair,
stepped down from the Board having served beyond his
scheduled departure date to provide stewardship during

the search for a new Chair. Peter Anker retired from full-time
employment on his 62nd birthday in July 2019, and stepped
down from the Board in April. On behalf of the Clarksons team,
| would like to thank Ed and Peter for their contribution during
their years on the Board.

It was with great sadness that we learned that, following a
long illness, James Hughes-Hallett CMG, independent Non-
Executive Director and former Chair of the Company, passed
away on 12 October 2019. James joined the Board in August
2014 and served as Chair from January 2015 until March 2018
when, due to illness, he relinquished this role but continued
his duties as a Non-Executive Director and member of the
Audit and Risk, Nomination and Remuneration Committees.
James’ extensive expertise in maritime and global trade was
invaluable to Clarksons' operation and strategy.

The Board will remember James for his great leadership and
commitment. Even whilst suffering from his illness, James
remained dedicated to Clarksons, continuing to serve on the
Board as a Non-Executive Director and Committee member,
and we remain indebted for the guidance he provided.

We were delighted to welcome Heike Truol to the Board in
January 2020 as an independent Non-Executive Director.
Heike brings a deep knowledge of dry bulk shipping to the
Board, particularly from the customer perspective. Heike’s
previous experience and skills will complement that of the
rest of the Board - she is an experienced adviser and her
background in strategic planning will be invaluable.

Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report 11

Chair’s review continued

Shareholder engagement

Having now completed my first year as Chair, | am delighted
to have personally met so many of our major shareholders
in what has been a year of engagement following the voting
results at the last AGM held in May 2019.

| consider the Remuneration Policy to be put to shareholders
at the upcoming AGM to be of such importance to the
shareholders and the business that I, together with Dr

Tim Miller (our Remuneration Committee Chair) and Peter
Backhouse (our Senior Independent Director), have led a
major engagement process with shareholders who collectively
hold 49% of our shareholder register. We have listened to

their views and discussed why the Remuneration Policy for
Clarksons is appropriate. Having come in fresh to Clarksons

in February 2019, and having learnt what | now know about the
Company, its management and context, I firmly believe in the
remuneration proposal which will be put to the vote in May.

While Clarksons’ Remuneration Policy does not conform

to current market norms, our executives each have binding
contracts of employment. Seeking to update the Policy in

the short term would require those contracts to be broken.
The Board believes that this is not in the best interests of the
Company's stakeholders and that such action would create

a significant risk in terms of executive continuity. There is also
a serious cultural consideration-Clarksons’ reputation is built
in part on its history of honouring contracts, it does not break
them. When new Executive Directors are appointed or, in the
fullness of time, when succession takes place, the Board has
committed to make appointments more consistent with market
norms, and this legacy remuneration issue will disappear.

Voting against the re-election of remuneration committee
members is, | believe, a new principal risk. The Board is

keen that shareholders are aware of this risk exposure, and
appreciate the considered and independent approach put

into consultation. We hope that shareholders understand the
explanation given within the ‘comply or explain’ framework and
support the Board’s recommendation. | believe it is in the best
interests of Clarksons and its stakeholders to do so.

12 Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

Outlook

The Board considers the medium-term macro environment
for shipping to be favourable as the demand/supply dynamics
improve and as sustainability-driven regulatory changes such
as IMO 2020 move apace. Clarksons benefits from a leading
position across its markets, with a truly global footprint,
market-leading technology and diversity across sectors

and offerings. All these elements make the Group resilient.

Clarksons started 2020 with a stronger forward order book
than in 2019; however, since the beginning of the year, the
outbreak of the COVID-19 virus in Asia has contributed to
significantly reduced short-term freight rates. The extent of its
geographical reach and duration will determine by how much
global GDP may be challenged, although it does already seem
clear that the Company's performance will be impacted in the
first half of 2020. The Board remains confident in the medium-
term outlook for the shipping, offshore and renewables
markets and the Group.

Sir Bill Thomas
Chair
6 March 2020

Clarksons’ culture

Clarksons is more than just a job to those who work here
and our team culture is something that continues to attract
new talent, retain existing employees and set us apart from
others in the industry.

Almost half of our global employees have been with the Group
for more than five years, helping to bring working relationships
closer together and ensuring continued consistency and
stability across our day-to-day global practices.

This is increasingly important as we continue to grow

in headcount, offices and diversity. Our unrivalled global
Presence is supported by the local knowledge and
understanding held by our employees who represent
‘over 60 nationalities.

Clarksons is a people business and
its greatest strength is the spirit of
teamwork and collaboration that lies
at the heart of its culture.

Sir Bill Thomas
Chair

Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report 13

Chief Executive Officer’s review

| am delighted to report
a strong underlying
performance from our
market-leading teams.
Andi Case

Chief Executive Officer

14 Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

Our strategy is to create
long-term sustainable value

for all of our stakeholders

by building on our strong
performance, which allows us to
maintain and develop our position
as the global market leader in
shipping services.

Our strategic objectives

1 Breadth
Expanding our breadth to better
tailor our integrated offer

2 Reach
Extending our reach to support
clients globally

3 Understanding
Stronger understanding
of clients’ needs

4 People
Empowering people to fulfil
their potential

5 Trust
Maintaining trust in shipping
intelligence

6 Growth
Growing our business to improve
performance

1am delighted to report a strong underlying performance from
Clarksons in a year which has seen volatility, both good and
bad, in freight rates, asset values and volumes, caused by a
range of natural disasters, trade wars, changing regulation,
sanctions and geo-political uncertainty. However, as expected,
overall demand/supply dynamics improved with better fleet
utilisation, continued low levels of shipbuilding activity and a
further growth in seaborne trade. The strength of Clarksons’
market-leading teams and the ‘best in class’ service provided
across the global business, combined with confidence in

the underlying fundamentals, has enabled the Board to
recommend an increase in the final dividend, representing

a 17th consecutive year of dividend growth for shareholders.

As we have previously highlighted, shipping in common with
many industries, is embarking on significant change to combat
environmental challenges. Recent years have seen important
developments, including IMO 2020, first agreed in 2016 and
enforced from 1 January 2020, introducing a global low
sulphur emissions cap. In 2018, the IMO also agreed milestone
targets to reduce CO, emissions, including a 40% reduction
by 2030 and a 50% reduction by 2050. Some industry players
are targeting even more ambitious net zero carbon strategies.
Although shipping currently produces around 2.4% of global
CO; emissions, it remains by far the most carbon efficient
means of transport. As an industry, efforts towards cleaner
emissions are starting to have significant impact and we
estimate that overall CO, output has been reduced by about
14% since 2008, through measures such as slow steaming
and the use of more fuel efficient vessels, despite moving

35% more cargo. Even with this progress however, further
accelerated decarbonisation strategies will be needed in the
coming decades to hit the targets.

There will be further industry-wide changes as the
sustainability agenda becomes more urgent and emission
policy is set for 2030 and 2050. We are well positioned to
continue to help and advise our clients to navigate these
changes at every stage of the shipping lifecycle. This year
we have further invested in expanding our strong renewables
capability by growing our dedicated renewables broking,
investment banking and UK support teams, and also
enhancing our research and the quality of our offshore

wind and emissions data.

We are already seeing an increase in ships powered by
alternative fuels and an increasing focus on reducing
greenhouse gases. Clarksons is proud to have not only
played a part in ordering many such vessels and successfully
concluding and continuing to work on such initiatives, but also
to be leading the way as an agent for change with our clients
in a variety of ways towards a cleaner energy future. At this
time of innovation and change, there any many challenges and
opportunities, not least in financing. As the industry adopts
new designs and technologies, there needs to be a sensible
and pragmatic transition in order for global trade to flow and
the more than 12 billion tonnes of seaborne trade to reach

its destination.

In 2019, as we moved towards IMO 2020 coming in to force,
strategies to deal with this new regulation were executed

and there was an increase in ships leaving the water for
scrubber fitting. This, together with US sanctions, contributed
to an increase in tanker rates in the latter part of the year

as supply became constrained. We anticipate continued
market disruption with big spreads in fuel prices in the

short to medium term as the industry recalibrates to the

new requirements.

Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report 15

Chief Executive Officer’s review
continued

We continue to drive innovation across the industry, with our
market-leading technology bringing transformative digital
solutions to the chartering process. Our Sea/ suite of products
is enabling users to make better decisions more efficiently,
with less risk and more control. The software, delivered by
our wholly owned SaaS provider Maritech Services Limited,
has been designed to help manage increasing complexity
and regulation across our industry. We continue to believe
that technology is a valuable additional service which will
complement our world class broking teams. Many but not all
of our products have now been commercially launched and
our software is now being used by all categories of participant
in the shipping and offshore markets. With the launch of
additional modules later this year, we expect to see an
acceleration of this uptake.

Turning to our performance by division, the broking teams
delivered an exceptional performance in the year, despite a
mixed macroeconomic backdrop. The tanker and gas markets
performed very strongly, with mixed fortunes across the year
in the dry cargo markets. In addition, we began to see some
recovery in the offshore markets, with margins starting to lift
as a result of increased activity.

Although the market dynamics provided a favourable
environment for the broking teams, the Financial division saw
another challenging year overall. Macroeconomic uncertainty
continued to fuel negative sentiment in the global shipping
and offshore capital markets, with transactions at a low level
despite a promising pipeline. Newbuilding activity, other

than dual fuel projects, remained at low levels during 2019,
although we anticipate the introduction of IMO 2020 and the
shift to a cleaner energy future will lead to earlier scrapping of
ships and changes across entire vessel fleets that will require
future financing.

The Research team again delivered a strong performance,
with increases to both revenue and profitability. The team
expanded its digital capabilities and grew its client base,
cementing its position as the leading provider of authoritative
intelligence and data to shipping, trade, energy and offshore
markets. The team’s increased volumes of annuity revenue
and retention of clients has been driven by a focus on excellent
client service and the provision of unparalleled market insights
to enable better and more informed decision-making.

The Support division has seen profitable growth during the
year, new office openings and the launch of Gibbs Safety
and Survival, a specialist division focusing on the supply
of personal protective equipment and safety and survival
equipment. An uptick in activity across the offshore and
renewables industry has seen positive momentum building
for the Support division.

I welcome this opportunity to thank everyone at Clarksons for
their hard work during the year. Our people are our core asset,
successfully growing our business and making it possible for
Clarksons to deliver value to our shareholders. During the year
we expanded our global footprint and invested in expertise
across the business, including our very successful wet FFA
team, who have gone from a standing start to becoming a
market leader within the year. We have also opened new
offices in Copenhagen and Connecticut, successfully rolled
out our offices in Tokyo and Seoul, and since the year-end
acquired Martankers which has created a base for the Group
in Spain.

146 Clarkson PLC | 2019 Annual Report

On behalf of everyone at Clarksons, | would like to highlight
the invaluable role that James Hughes-Hallett played in
guiding the Company and providing great leadership and
expertise throughout. He will be greatly missed by all those
who knew him.

| would also like to congratulate Sir Bill Thomas on his
knighthood for his services to politics and charity. Sir Bill has
made a significant contribution as Chair in his first year at
Clarksons and | thank him for his stewardship and guidance.
| am also delighted that Heike Truol has joined the Board as
a Non-Executive Director. Heike brings a deep knowledge
of dry bulk shipping to the Board, particularly from a client
perspective, and | look forward to working with her.

As highlighted in the interim results issued on 12 August
2019, we undertook a review of impairments to goodwill

on the balance sheet relating to the acquisition of RS Platou
ASA. The outcome of that review is a non-cash impairment
charge of £47.5m relating to the carrying value of RS Platou
ASA. The impairment charge does not affect our cash
balances or distributable reserves. Whilst the offshore oil
and shipping capital markets are in a difficult stage of their
respective cycles, the strategic rationale of the acquisition of
RS Platou remains sound as the funding environment for new
build ships from banks remains limited and as the offshore
markets improve and as the offshore wind markets continue
their growth.

The global backdrop remains mixed, with continuing trade
wars, the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, and the changing
pressures on global GDP impacting freight rates in most
markets. Oxford Economics has forecast that if COVID-19
becomes a pandemic in Asia, global GDP will take a 0.5%
hit, whilst if this becomes a global pandemic, the negative
impact on global GDP will be 1.5%. The current outbreak
has adversely affected the freight rate environment, with
the ClarkSea Index down 32% since the first week of 2020.
Despite the challenges that this presents in the immediate
future, the macro environment has been broadly supportive
of positive forward momentum, and we start 2020 with a
strong forward order book of US$113m. Capital markets,
however, also remain challenged as investors continue

to sit on the sidelines.

2019 has been a strong year for Clarksons and global demand
for shipping continues apace, irrespective of the pricing
dynamics within specific markets. As a business, we have
been signalling for some time the favourable industry supply/
demand dynamics, with new builds at historic lows and an
increasing number of ships being scrapped, in