Replacement - Net Asset Value(s) RNS Number : 8515D Edinburgh New Income Trust plc 29 March 2011 ﻿ AMENDMENT The nav released earlier today at 11:46hrs (RNS No 8216D) showed an incorrect nav for the ZDP and Including Income NAV. The NAV incorrectly read: Edinburgh New Income Trust n/a 64.94p ZDP Edinburgh New Income Trust Including Income 140.41p Ordinary They should have read: Edinburgh New Income Trust n/a 140.41p ZDP Edinburgh New Income Trust Including Income 64.94p Ordinary Please see below the updated announcement. All other information remains unchanged. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC announces the unaudited net asset values (NAVs) of Edinburgh New Income Trust plc as at close of business on 28th March 2011. Unless otherwise disclosed, the NAVs have been calculated in accordance with the recommendations of the Association of Investment Companies. In particular: (1) financial assets have been valued on a fair value basis using bid prices, or, if more appropriate, a last trade basis; (2) debt is valued at par and, where applicable, debt is also separately valued at market value (3) diluted NAVs are disclosed where applicable (for this purpose, treasury shares are excluded for the purposes of calculation); and (4) provisions for performance fees are included where applicable. Edinburgh New Income Trust Excluding Income 64.96p Ordinary Edinburgh New Income Trust n/a 140.41p ZDP Edinburgh New Income Trust Including Income 64.94p Ordinary This information is provided by RNS The company news service from the London Stock Exchange END NAVDKCDBPBKDKNB Companies Edinburgh New Income Trust (ENI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago Johnson Matthey 22 minutes ago Bankers Inv Trust 25 minutes ago AVI Global Trust 41 minutes ago Keller Group 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and