Net Asset Value(s) RNS Number : 0180F Edinburgh New Income Trust plc 15 April 2011 ﻿ Aberdeen Asset Management PLC announces the unaudited net asset values (NAVs) of the following investment companies as at close of business on 14 April 2011. Unless otherwise disclosed, the NAVs have been calculated in accordance with the recommendations of the Association of Investment Companies. In particular: (1) financial assets have been valued on a fair value basis using bid prices, or, if more appropriate, a last trade basis; (2) debt is valued at par and, where applicable, debt is also separately valued at market value (3) diluted NAVs are disclosed where applicable (for this purpose, treasury shares are excluded for the purposes of calculation); and (4) provisions for performance fees are included where applicable. Edinburgh New Income Trust (Note 1) Excluding Income 66.44p Ordinary Edinburgh New Income Trust (Note 1) n/a 140.79p ZDP Edinburgh New Income Trust (Note 1) Including Income 65.27p Ordinary Note 1: W here expenses exceed income in the financial year to date, the cum income NAV will be lower than the ex-income NAV. This information is provided by RNS The company news service from the London Stock Exchange END NAVGGUQPCUPGGGA Companies Edinburgh New Income Trust (ENI) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 minutes ago Johnson Matthey 25 minutes ago Bankers Inv Trust 27 minutes ago AVI Global Trust 43 minutes ago Keller Group 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and