BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc announced that Chief Executive John Morgan and Chief Financial Officer Kelly Gangotra received conditional awards of ordinary shares on March 9, 2026, under the Company's 2023 Long Term Incentive Plan. John Morgan was granted 34,356 shares, and Kelly Gangotra received 22,815 shares. These awards are subject to performance criteria and will vest on March 9, 2029, with a two-year holding period after vesting. Dividend equivalents are linked to the awards and can be settled in cash or shares. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 09 March 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc (the "Company") NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM The following notification is intended to satisfy the Company's obligations under Article 19.3 of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation). 1. Details of Restricted Person/person closely associated with them ("PCA") a) Name John Morgan (Chief Executive) Kelly Gangotra (Chief Financial Officer) 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Members of the Board of directors b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Morgan Sindall Group plc b) LEI 2138008339ULDGZRB345 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each ISIN: GB0008085614 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional awards over Ordinary Shares on 9 March 2026, under the Company's 2023 Long Term Incentive Plan, adopted by the Company on 1 August 2023 ("2023 LTIP"). Each conditional award will vest on 9 March 2029 subject to the satisfaction of performance criteria. Each conditional award carries a right to receive, on vesting, an amount linked to dividends paid on the Ordinary Shares subject to the conditional award. The dividend equivalent can be settled in cash or Ordinary shares of the Company. The vesting of the award will also be subject to a two-year holding period whereby any vested shares (net of any tax liability) will be retained in the Company's appointed nominee in accordance with the Company's directors' remuneration policy. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Name Price(s) Volume(s) John Morgan N/A 34,356 Kelly Gangotra N/A 22,815 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price As above e) Date of the transaction 9 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 days ago British American Tobacco 3 days ago Mitie Group 3 days ago Marks & Spencer Group 3 days ago Hammerson 3 days ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and