BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc announced that Chief Executive John Morgan and Chief Financial Officer Kelly Gangotra were granted nil cost share options on March 9, 2026, under the company's Deferred Bonus Plan. John Morgan received 6,807 options and Kelly Gangotra received 5,429 options, representing 33% of their respective annual bonuses earned for the year ended December 31, 2025. These options, based on a share price of £46.28, will mature and become exercisable from March 9, 2020, and carry a right to receive dividend equivalents, which can be settled in cash or ordinary shares. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 09 March 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc (the "Company") NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM The following notification is intended to satisfy the Company's obligations under Article 19.3 of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation). 1. Details of Restricted Person/person closely associated with them ("PCA") a) Name John Morgan (Chief Executive) Kelly Gangotra (Chief Financial Officer) 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Members of the Board of directors b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Morgan Sindall Group plc b) LEI 2138008339ULDGZRB345 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each ISIN: GB0008085614 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of nil cost share options on 9 March 2026, under the Company's Deferred Bonus Plan, adopted by the Company on 28 November 2017. The nil cost options granted are equivalent to 33% of the annual bonus earned for the year ended 31 December 2025. Each nil cost option will mature and become exercisable from 9 M arch 2020. The share price used to determine the number of nil cost options is £46.28 . Each nil cost option carries a right to receive, on maturity, an amount linked to dividends paid on the Ordinary Shares subject to the conditional award. The dividend equivalent can be settled in cash or Ordinary shares of the Company. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Name Price(s) Volume(s) John Morgan N/A 6,807 Kelly Gangotra N/A 5,429 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price As above e) Date of the transaction 9 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Schroder Income Growth Fund 4 hours ago Oberon AIM VCT 4 hours ago Johnson Matthey 4 hours ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. 5 hours ago GSK All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and