BETA Close X Morgan Sindall Group plc announced that Chief Executive John Morgan received 856 ordinary shares of 5 pence each on 3 March 2026, outside of a trading venue. These shares represent the dividend equivalent amount linked to nil cost share options granted on 3 March 2023 under the Company's Deferred Bonus Plan, which vested on 3 March 2026. The options and dividend equivalent shares are exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the grant date. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 04 March 2026 Morgan Sindall Group plc (the "Company") NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM The following notification is intended to satisfy the Company's obligations under Article 19.3 of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation). 1. Details of Restricted Person/person closely associated with them ("PCA") a) Name John Morgan (Chief Executive) 2. Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive b) Initial notification/amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Morgan Sindall Group plc b) LEI 2138008339ULDGZRB345 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5 pence each ISIN: GB0008085614 b) Nature of the transaction Vesting of nil cost share options granted on 3 March 2023 , under the Company's Deferred Bonus Plan, adopted by the Company on 28 November 2017. Upon vesting of the deferred bonus plan award on 3 March 2026, each nil cost option granted carried a right to receive an amount linked to dividends paid. The dividend equivalent has been settled in Ordinary shares of the Company and has been added to the original award of nil cost options. The options and dividend equivalent shares are exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the grant date. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Name Price(s) Volume(s) Dividend equivalent shares awarded John Morgan N/a 856 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price As above e) Date of the transaction 3 March 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Aberforth Geared Value & Income Trust 1 hour ago CQS Natural Resources Growth and Income 3 hours ago Staffline Group 4 hours ago Shell 4 hours ago Genedrive All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and