on

09/08/2021
COMPANIES HOUSE

STRATEGIC REPORT MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020

Who we are

Morgan Sindall Group is a leading
UK construction and regeneration group,
operating through five divisions:

as Construction & Infrastructure
Construction Morgan Sindall Construction & Infrastructure Ltd provides infrastructure services in the
ue “""" “highways, rail, aviation, energy, water and nuclear markets, including tunnél design'and "” *
_ construction services in education, healthcare; commercial, detence, industrial, leisure And’ *
retail Raker Hicks | imited offers amt ultidisciplinary aesien and engineering consultancy
based i in the UK and Switzerland.

oie ie

__ Overbury ple specialises in tit out and refurbishment in commercial, central and locat
Rovernment oftices, retail banking and further education. Morgan Lovell plc provides
office interior design and build services direct to occupiers.

Property Services ,
Morgan Sindall Property Services Limited provides responsive repairs and planed
maintenance for social housing and the wider public sector.

. Partnership Housing
Rege neration Lovell Partnerships Limited delivers housing through mixed-tenure and contracting
Activities, Mixed tenure includes building and developing homes for open market sale,
affordable rent, private renting or shared ownership in partnership with local authorities”
and housing associations. Contracting includes the design and build of new homes and
planned maintenance and returbishment tor clients who are midinly' Ital authorities,
housing associations and the Defence infrastructure Organisation.

Urban Regeneration

Muse Developments Limited works with landowners and public sector partners to
transform the urban landscape through the development of multi-phase sites and
mixed-use regeneration, including residential, commercial, retail and leisure.

Up until the end of 2020, the Group's Investments division, through Morgan Sindall Investments Limited, provided
construction and regeneration opportunities through long-term strategic partnerships, and the division is included in
this report as a separate reporting segment. As of January 2021, Investments’ activities were transferred to Partnership
Housing and Urban Regeneration,

Kove dimoney

The Spine, Liverpool

MW ilelars Obclpanceniad on natedp-02 Uswers dapteqh ome wesc tog of wating and exp sis ware Aalte to
pA. Oy Comtudien busts euibwsd t hralp bring tw lie 8 walitialo wll ply 8 eycetst) xstte tm (aueteflte
frexlih, Who Sein, Ip Mivexsrent, bs 2 ora tee siatdune white will bre 2 second) ireadyeaians tor Gre Ravel Colltag>
GH Phypsices GCA, The oiiicas ave netigg eepaplckad yy cur FR Ost chaste, NO? caprasenns seine 30/0100 ctererers
gtebellly ca) bads on palit hati ane gefias ere. Whe hullding, dasqgaad ly a AAR, & acmed aiher Gre
dees tie ens wp fs sed action The syecwe will be dhe gary % Ge Kaomladys Quarter ta Livapored
Ghy Caundls Gitn Faingon Vly Ime dite, a Hawe dadleypmacnt wits ches © tele Gre ey
aoominy and tig lomuiadyohass) fobs bh Gia sphhacs of edie, auction ilies and radinelegy,

a ee te ei ey bad fee Bt mete HE wee nettle em ee

MORGAN SINDALL GROUP, PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020 . ; ea hoe © STRATEGIC REPORT 1

2020 overview To Contents”

STRATEGIC REPORT ©

wlululals la

Who we are : IFC
2020 overview * _
ecuitive’s statement
‘ 72 statement
Market overview *
Purpose, strategy and values
Business model :
Key performance indicators 1
Responsibility 13°
: Operating review 28
. Financial review “36
° Principal risks ‘ 38

Viability statement 48

GOVERNANCE
Chair's statement:
Board of directors
: Group management team

Directors’ and corporate
governance report’

Remuneration report : .

” FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Independent auditor's report 109
. Consolidated financial statements 119

Shareholder information 167

* See note 26 the consolidated financial statements for alternative performance measure definkions and reconcilations.
1 Incidents résuting in absence from work fora minimum of one working day, excluding the day the incident occurred,

2 Against 2019 baseline, Scope 1 emissions are direct from owhed or contrlled sources and Scope 2 are generated from ~
Purchased energy.
“3 Carbon intensity is total carbon emissions per £m of revenue.

This annual report covers our financial and hon financial performance in 2020 and includes information that is material te to our business. a”
+ We have not produced a separate responsible business report for 2020, integrating it instead within a new ‘responsibility section that outlines. -
= our key environmental, social and governance activities during the year. Further information on our responsible business strategy and activities
can be found on our website at morgansindall.com. .

"" Company financial statements 156

2 STRATEGIC REPORT

Chief Executive's statement

While the year was dominated by the Covid-19 pandemic, our results
reflect the resilience across the Group and the benefits of actions we
have taken in recent years to maintain contract selectivity, further
improve payments to our supply chain and maintain a strong cash
position at all times.

Throughout the year, we had to adapt quickly and decisively to the
continually changing external environment. | would sincerely like
to thank all our employees for their commitment and dedication
throughout. | am extremely proud of the way our people have
stepped up in these adverse times.

Despite the different challenges faced by each division, the Group
has continued to make strategic and operational progress. Again,

we have an improved cash position and have further strengthened
our balance sheet, allowing us to make the right decisions and

take the right actions for the long-term benefit of the business.

Our strategy remains the same, based on organic growth and
‘operational improvement in markets geared towards future demand
for affordable housing, urban regeneration, and investment in
infrastructure and construction. We welcome the government's
continued support for our activities and the recognition of the
industry as a key driver for economic stability and recovery.

We had a strong start to 2020, building on the significant momentum
carried through from 2019, and in the first quarter our revenue

was up 17% on the previous year. With the onset of Covid-19 and
subsequent lockdown restrictions our trading and activity were, of
course, significantly impacted. However, the industry mobilised quickly
to agree new site operating procedures with the Construction
Leadership Council to enable the safe resumption of work on site.

In addition, the Group's decentralised structure gave our divisions

the flexibility to rapidly adopt new approaches to suit their employees,
clients and supply chain partners. We were therefore able to restore
momentum to the business in the second half of the year.

The initial disruption and general uncertainty at the start of the
pandemic meant that we had to take some important decisions for
the long-term interests of the Group while giving careful consideration
to all stakeholders who would be affected. We cancelled the final
dividend of 38p that had been announced in February 2020. Our
Board and senior management team took voluntary salary reductions
‘of 20% for three months, and some of our employees took voluntary
salary reductions of 10% for two months. We accessed the
government's Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (CJRS), took
advantage of permissions to defer tax payments, and qualified

for the Bank of England's Covid Corporate Financing Facility (CCFF).

We regarded these as prudent measures to safeguard the Group's
liquidity while market and economic conditions were uncertain.

By the end of July, we had successfully adapted to new ways of
working safely, with nearly all sites open, active and operating at high
levels of productivity. Our financial position had remained robust and
resilient and we had greater visibility of our year’s performance. By the
end of October, we had repaid the £9.5m we received under the CJRS,
having used it to safeguard many jobs, and by the end of the year,

had repaid all deferred tax amounts. All of our employees who had
taken salary reductions were fully reimbursed; the Board and senior
management team volunteered not to be repaid. More detail on

the measures taken by the Board in response to the impact of

MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020

the pandemic is provided on page 64. The industry's successful
implementation of the new site operating procedures contributed to
the Prime Minister's decision in October to allow construction activity
to continue throughout the November lockdown in England. This
enabled the Group to continue operating safely with minimal impact.

Despite certain delays to decision-making in progressing projects
among some of our clients, we continued to win work throughout
the year. At the year end, the Group had a total secured workload
of £8,290m, up 9% from the previous year.

The Covid-19 pandemic has not changed our business model. We
continue to focus on construction and regeneration, investing cash
from construction in regeneration schemes. As of January 2021, we
have made a change to our organisational structure, transferring
the activities of our Investments division to Partnership Housing and
Urban Regeneration. We believe this will clarify our offering to the
market as well as achieving operational efficiencies.

Our responsibility as a business

We want our business to benefit all our stakeholders. The health, safety
and wellbeing of our employees, supply chain and anyone coming into
contact with our projects, remained our first priority as we adapted to
new ways of working during the pandemic. The talents of our people
and the long-term relationships we have developed with our supply
chain partners proved invaluable to us in 2020. We have tried to give
them as much support as they have needed during this difficult period;
this has included maintaining regular contact with people working from
home, keeping site workers safe, and supporting our suppliers and
contractors by improving payment terms.

We regrettably made a number of redundancies across the Group,
some due to the business impact of Covid-19 and others to drive
improvements in operational efficiency. Wherever possible, we found
people alternative roles within the Group. Approximately 6.7% of our
employees were made redundant during the year, and a further
2.9% were transferred to other roles.

Our current responsible business priorities are: to help combat
climate change by reducing our carbon emissions and waste; to
improve diversity and inclusion across the Group; the health, safety
and wellbeing of our employees; working with our supply chain; and
supporting local communities.

We have committed the Group to a goal of net zero carbon emissions
by 2030. We will achieve this by continuing to work towards
externally-verified, science-based targets, which are calculated to
contribute to limiting global warming to well below 2°C compared to
pre-industrial levels (and will be revised in 2021 to align to the lower
level of 1.5°C); and by being clear and transparent about our off-
Setting activities - this means investing in UK carbon reduction
initiatives that are long-term and sustainable, and only using
offsetting once we have taken action to reduce emissions. To help us
drive progress, we have, as of 1 January 2021, introduced an internal
charge on our emissions that will be paid into a climate change fund.
We fully support the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD) and have made our first disclosure this year (see
page 17). More detail on our approach to carbon reduction can be
found on pages 13 to 15.

MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020

In 2020, we circulated a survey on diversity and inclusion to all of our
employees and are compiling an action plan for improvement based
on the results. Some of the new ways of working that we introduced
in response to Covid-19, such as different trades working separately
on sites and more frequent working from home, have proven to be
beneficial in the long term for both safety and efficiency and we are
continuing with them.

We continued in the year to collaborate with our supply chain on
measures to reduce energy consumption and waste and to keep
improving the speed of our payments. Our support for local
communities continued too; we ran virtual training programmes
for local unemployed people, virtual work experience programmes,
and continued to offer apprenticeships.

During the year we undertook a survey of internal and external
stakeholders to find out which responsible business issues they
believe should be the key focus for the Group. We do this every

‘two years to ensure that our priorities are aligned to those of our
stakeholders. The results of the 2020 survey showed that our five
Total Commitments to being a responsible business (see page 7)
remain appropriate. But we have made some changes to the way
we drive our progress against them, including setting ourselves new,
more stretching targets to ensure we are fit for the future.

Read more on our responsible business strategy and activities on
page 7 and pages 13 to 27.

Our financial performance

Trading across all divisions was significantly impacted by the onset

of Covid-19 and the subsequent lockdown restrictions in late March.
As a result, revenue in the second quarter of the year was down 23%
‘on the prior year. With the gradual lifting of lockdown restrictions in
the first half and then through the subsequent tier system and further
national lockdown in the second half, there was no further material
impact on the Group's operations. Revenue in the second half of the
year recovered well and was 1% up on the prior year, resulting in
revenue for the year of £3,034m, a reduction of 1% (2019: £3,071m).

The additional costs incurred from site closures, lower productivity on
sites, and implementation of the new safety processes and procedures,
impacted profitability in the year, as did construction delays on many
of the development schemes in the regeneration activities. As a result,
the adjusted* operating profit for the year was down 26% to £685m
(2019: £93.1m), being down 52% in the first half and down only 9% in
the second half. The full-year adjusted* operating margin was 2.3%,
down from 3.0% in the prior year. The operating margin improved

in the second half of the year, up from 1.3% in the first half (H1 2019:
2.6%) to 3.0% in the second half (H2 2019: 3.4%), approaching margin
levels achieved pre-Covid-19. Consequently, the adjusted* profit before
tax was £63.9m, down 29% (2019: £90.4m). The statutory profit before
tax was £60.8m (2019: £88.6m).

STRATEGIC REPORT 3
(CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

From a divisional perspective, Construction & Infrastructure delivered
a strong performance in the year, driven by Infrastructure, with
operating profit up 11% to £35.7m (2019: £32.3m) and operating
margin maintained at 2.2%. Fit Out delivered a resilient performance
with a result that reflected the high quality of its business; the division
achieved improved operating margin to 4.6% (2019: 4.4%) and
operating profit of £32.1m (2019: £36.9m). Property Services’ volumes
returned to more normalised levels in the second half of the year, with
full-year operating profit of £1.0m (2019: £4,3m). Partnership Housing
continued to make strategic and operational progress, positioning it
for future growth; its operating margin improved slightly to 3.7%
(2019: 3.6%), with an operating profit of £16.1m (2019: £18.3m).
Steady progress was achieved across Urban Regeneration’s long-term
regeneration schemes, although the division’s operating profit was
lower at £9.2m (2019; £19.4m).

* See note 2 for alternative performance measure definitions and reconciliations.

In November, based on the performance of the business, the outlook
for the year at that time and the strong cash position, the Board
declared an interim dividend of 21.0p per share, which was paid

in December,

A final dividend of 40.0p per share is now proposed, resulting in
a total dividend for the year of 61.0p per share (2019: 21.0p). This
reflects the result for the year, the strong balance sheet and the
Board's confidence in the future prospects of the Group.

Looking to the future

The Group is set for strong growth in 2021. The quality of our
secured workload, together with maintaining discipline in contract
selectivity irrespective of economic conditions, is key to our future
success. Atthe year end, we had a high quality and growing order
book of £8.3bn and we are well positioned to benefit from UK
investment trends. The Group is on track to deliver a result which is
materially ahead of our previous expectations and slightly ahead of
that delivered in 2019.

John Morgan
Chief Executive
25 February 2021

4 STRATEGIC REPORT

Section 172 statement

In taking strategic, financial and operational decisions, the Board,
our Group management team and employees seek to promote the
‘success of the Group for the benefit of all stakeholders in line with
directors’ duties as set out in Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006.
This means having regard to, among other things:

the likely consequences of any decision in the long term;

the interests of the Company's employees;

the need to foster the Companys business relationships with
suppliers, customers and others;

the impact of the Company's operations on the community

and the environment;

the Company's reputation for high standards of business
conduct; and

the need to act fairly as between members of the Company.

The Board's response to Covid-19 clearly demonstrates its application
of Section 172. As the impact of the pandemic evolved over the last
nine months of 2020, the Board developed and adapted its reponse
to address the needs of different stakeholders. At the beginning of
the lockdown, the Board committed to taking account of the interests
of the Group's stakeholders while continuing to promote the Group's
success over the long term. From March 2020, due to the significant
uncertainty of how Covid-19 would impact on the Group, the Board
implemented a number of actions, which included, but were not
limited to, cancelling the full-year dividend and accessing the UK
government's Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (C)RS). Later in the
year, as the Board obtained greater visibility of how the Group would
perform, it agreed to repay the CJRS monies received and to pay an
interim dividend. Full details of the Board's response to Covid-19 are
set out on page 64.

In discharging its Section 172 duties, the Board has adopted a
strategic approach to stakeholder engagement. While the Board
has overall responsibility for managing relationships with all our
stakeholders, our decentralised approach has led us to define which
stakeholder groups are most practically engaged with directly by the
Board and which directly by the divisions. The Board supervises the
divisions’ engagement with their stakeholders, principally through
monthly management meetings between the divisional senior
management teams and the Group executive directors.

The Board has identified its and the Company's key stakeholders
as our shareholders, employees and funders; our divisions manage
relationships with their employees, clients, supply chain partners
and local communities.

MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020

The Board recognises that stakeholder engagement helps to ensure
that the perspectives of stakeholders are understood and taken
account of when key strategic, financial and operational decisions
are being taken. Fostering an open, constructive dialogue with our
stakeholders should help to ensure that the Group is a business that
people trust and want to partner with, work for and invest in.

Details of how we have engaged as a Group with our stakeholders
can be found on pages 22 and 23 of the strategic report. The Board's
direct engagement with its key stakeholders is described on pages 66
and 67 in the directors’ and corporate governance report. The Board's
consideration of the Group's key stakeholders in its decision-making is
described on pages 63 to 65.

With regard to the environment and broader community, the Board
has identified key social and environmental priorities for the Group,
which are stated on page 2 and addressed in detail on pages 13 to
27. Planning and operational decisions made by the divisions will
take into account the impact of our work in construction and
regeneration. The Board, assisted by the health, safety and
environment committee, monitors the Group's performance in
relation to safety and the reduction of carbon emissions and waste.

MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020

Market overview

There are five fundamental trends that will support growth in the
Group in the medium to long term. We target sectors that are
forecast to grow and our diverse portfolio of activities mitigates
the impact of fluctuations within each market.

According to The National Housing Federation, England will need
340,000 new homes, including 145,000 affordable homes, each year
until 2031 to meet current demand. In its November 2020 Spending
Review, the government announced nearly £20bn of investment to
underpin its long-term housing strategy, including £7.1bn for a
National Home Building Fund and confirming over £12bn for the
Affordable Homes Programme.

The government's ‘Planning for the Future’ White Paper, published in
August 2020, outlines proposals to overhaul the UK's planning system
for building homes. The paper states the importance of using modern
methods of construction, referring to the benefits for efficiency, build
quality and the environment.

The build-to-rent sector is growing. In its 2019 research report, Savills
believes the sector has the capacity to increase from £10bn today to
£550bn at full maturity.

Opportunities for the Group
To deliver mixed-tenure homes, including social and affordable homes,
in partnerships with local authorities and housing associations.

To provide accelerated housebuilding through Partnership Housing's
continued use of modern methods of construction.

To build homes for sale and private rent, which can be forward sold
to investors.

| INVESTMENT.IN INFRASTRUCTURE

In its March 2020 Budget, the government pledged over £600bn of
public investment over the next five years. In response to the impacts
of Covid-19, the November Spending Review announced £100bn of
capital spending in 2021-2022 to drive economic recovery, including
almost £19bn of transport investment. The Spending Review also
outlined multi-year funding, including over £58bn for road and rail,

a multi-million pound investment in building hospitals, schools and
prisons, and a programme of defence modernisation. A new National
Infrastructure Strategy was introduced to target investment across
the UK. The government pledged support to local economies
through: investment in new green industries; investment in local
priorities through the Transforming Cities Fund; and a £4bn ‘Levelling
Up Fund’ for England to regenerate towns and communites in need.

Inits Construction Forecast for 2021-2022, Glenigan, a provider of
market analysis for the industry, reports that while the pandemic
disrupted project starts in 2020, a renewed strengthening is expected

STRATEGIC REPORT 5

beyond 2020 as road, rail and water industry investment programmes
increase output. Increased investment in the national road network is
anticipated as Highways England brings forward projects under its
collaborative framework, and Network Rail's new five-year investment
programme (CP6) is underway. In energy, Glenigan reports that major
projects make up a significant proportion of the industry's workload,
while in water, spending will be lifted by the new AMP7 investment
programme and activity will benefit from major work packages for the
£4bn Thames Tideway Tunnel.

Opportunities for the Group

+ To deliver long-term infrastructure and civil enginccring projects
via frameworks through Construction & Infrastructure.

+ To regenerate areas around transport hubs, including residential
schemes through Partnership Housing.

In June 2020, the Office for National Statistics reported that the UK
population in mid-2019 had grown by 0.5% since the previous year.
The population is spread unevenly, with major cities such as London
and Birmingham being the most densely populated. Between 2009
and 2019, the number of children (aged up to 15) increased by 8.0%
and the number of those aged 65 years and over increased by 22.9%.
The number of those aged 65 years and over continues to increase
faster than the rest of the population. The government's March 2020
budget included £1.Sbn over five years for further education colleges
to upgrade their buildings. In June, the government committed over
£1bn to support a 10-year rebuilding programme for schools in
England, focusing on modern construction methods. These
commitments were reaffirmed in the November Spending Review.

Opportunities for the Group

+ To access a wider pool of talented peuple.

To develop and regenerate urban areas.

To deliver, upgrade and maintain social infrastructure, particularly
in housing, education, transport and healthcare.

To deliver elderly living and extra care housing.

Before the Covid-19 crisis, the government had been expecting to
borrow £55bn for the financial year to April 2021. By November, the
Office for Budget Responsibility was estimating that the government
would have to borrow £394bn over the period.

The government has indicated that it will increase investment in areas
such as infrastructure, housing, the NHS and education to help society
and the economy recover from the pandemic. Cost efficiencies will be
necessary in order to deliver value for money for the taxpayer and to
help ensure that any investment delivers good returns.

6 STRATEGIC REPORT
MARKET OVERVIEW CONTINUED

Opportunities for the Group

+ To deliver increased efficiencies in public sector assets and services
through all divisions, via standalone projects or positions on local
and national public sector frameworks (see pages 28 to 35).

To regenerate areas related to public sector land disposals and
property consolidation.

To provide funding solutions for local authority and NHS Trust
development schemes through strategic partnerships.

DEMAND FOR POSITIVE ACTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE

Climate change is a recognised, growing crisis. The Covid-19
pandemic has exacerbated social issues, such as economic inequality
and the shortage of secure employment.

The governments aiming for a net zero economy by 2050 and our
clients, building occupiers, employees and investors want greener
infrastructure, cleaner energy and energy-efficient buildings as well
as reduced waste and carbon emissions in operating activities. The
November Spending Review announced multi-year funding to help
deliver the Prime Minister's Ten Point Plan for a Green industrial
Revolution, including for electric vehicle charging infrastructure and
new Carbon Capture and Storage clusters by 2030, by which time the
sale of new petrol and diesel cars will be prohibited. Its Green Homes
Grant offers funds to homeowners and residential landlords to install
energy-efficient improvements to homes.

Our stakeholders increasingly demand that we are not only socially
responsible but that we add value to the communities in which we
work. Under the Public Services (Social Value) Act 2012 (the Social Value
Act), local authorities must consider how to secure social, economic
and environmental benefits for their area when procuring services.
From 2021, new measures under the Social Value Act require all major
procurements to explicitly evaluate social value on projects, including
fighting climate change and reducing waste, as well as creating jobs
an

---

p performance against our purpose and strategy is
measured through key performance indicators, set out on pages 11
and 12, and supported by effective risk management, as described
‘on pages 38 to 47. Each division is set its own financial objectives,
which are stated in the operating review on pages 28 to 35.

Our responsible business strategy

As a responsible business, we want to ensure that we are acting
today to address the needs of tomorrow. This means building
resilience to be able to face the challenges that a changing world will
bring, while recognising the opportunities that come from change so
that we continue to enhance our business value.

We aspire to support all of our stakeholders in delivering a sustainable
future, and to pursue activities that contribute to a more resilient
society. We want our legacy to be the positive benefits we bringto
society and the environment in the communities in which we operate.

We believe in the power of collaboration. We work closely with our
clients, joint venture partners and supply chain, nurturing long-term,
supportive relationships. Our approach helps us win new work and
attract and retain a talented team of employees, and will ultimately
secure our long-term success in a constantly shifting landscape.

Since 2008, our responsible business strategy has been driven by five
Total Commitments:

Spam
TOTAL. COMMITM! ENTS 3

i
Sileaue

eS

We measure and monitor our performance against our Total
Commitments by setting short-, medium- and long-term targets
against a set of key performance indicators (see pages 14, 15 and 18).

STRATEGIC REPORT 7

We support the UN Sustainable Development Goals to ‘end poverty,
protect the planet and ensure prosperity for all’. We consider the
following six goals to be those where we can have the biggest impact
in line with our Total Commitments:

en

wh «=>

ae >
1 ve Ber

CO &}

és

Our responsible business strategy is underpinned by our long-
established core values

Our values drive us to motivate and develop our people to deliver
the best possible outcomes for our clients and partners, in terms of
both quality of product and customer experience. Our decentralised
approach and encouragement of colleagues to challenge the status
quo ensure that we continually push for improvement. The Board
uses the core values as criteria by which to monitor our culture

(see pages 59 to 61).

with. ur supply chain
ts oie Secure Se, ide pri

8 STRATEGIC REPORT

Business model

Our business model is to generate cash through high-quality
construction projects and invest in regenerating UK towns and cities
with mixed-use, community-driven developments that provide long-
lasting social and economic value. The model supports our purpose
to inspire talented people to deliver excellence in the built
environment; and our strategy to achieve organic growth by
focusing on our core strengths of construction and regeneration,
while benefiting all our stakeholders. More detail on our purpose
and strategy can be found on page 7.

Why we are different

We specialise in both construction and regeneration. Our decentralised
approach means that each of our businesses remains a specialist in its
field and is empowered to react quickly to opportunities and challenges.
The diversity of our operations mitigates the impact of fluctuations in
individual markets and our geographical spread provides us with local
knowledge and access to local supply chains. We can deliver complex
schemes by combining the skills of different divisions; for example, land
development and housing, or construction and fit out. This collaboration
between divisions achieves synergies for the Group and a seamless
service for our clients.

How our business model works

Our business model is designed to provide a mix of earnings across
different market cycles. Our construction activities generate cash while
regeneration requires significant initial investment and projects can
take several years to complete. We therefore use the cash from our
construction activities to invest in regeneration schemes that will
generate additional profits over the longer term. We use operating
margin and working capital to measure our performance in
construction, and return on capital employed to measure
regeneration performance.

Our capabilities and market positions in affordable housing (via
Partnership Housing) and mixed-use regeneration (through Urban
Regeneration) reflect our deep understanding of the built environment
developed over many years, and are aligned with sectors of the UK
economy that are expected to see increasing opportunities in the long
term. Through Construction & Infrastructure, we are well positioned to
meet the demand for ongoing investment in the UK's infrastructure,
while the division's geographically diverse construction activities are
focused on key areas of education, healthcare and commercial. Our Fit
Out business is market leader in its field and delivers a consistently
strong operational performance. Fit Out, together with Construction

& Infrastructure, generates cash resources to support our investment
in affordable housing and mixed-use regeneration. We also have an
operation in Property Services, focused on providing response and
planned maintenance activities to the social housing and wider

public sector.

Our Investments division has acted mainly as a facilitator to provide
opportunities in construction and regeneration to other parts of the
Group. It has built up a portfolio of property partnerships with local
authorities and government bodies which generate a stream of
development profits. In January 2021, Investments’ partnerships
and activities were transferred to Partnership Housing and Urban
Regeneration; the change was made to clarify our offering as well
as securing operational savings for the Group.

MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2020

See the inside front cover of this report for more information
on the activities of each division, and pages 28 to 35 for their
financial contributions.

Our resources

Atalented team

We employ around 6,600 people with a broad range of expertise to
support our clie