ee C\ os Sst cg
Bay / Sea

Annivel 028)

‘i By Sar AAS
7 Morgan Since Group ple
;

we

We are a leading UK construction
and regeneration group

In 2023, our strong revenue growth delivered record
results. We maintained our balance sheet strength
and a high-quality and growing order soak,

We ramain commits to creating socal ancl
environmental value ancl have again retained oth
our AAA ESG rating from MSC) and our CDP A score,

Gontents}

Strategiciheponty

03920231 ournbers)

@ tie ead)
Exccutvessstatement

pi 7mOurgstakeholders}

P20 MmResponsiblelousiness}
andiperfonmance)

g pinancialeview]
foperatinetLeview)

loomManagine tusk)

180} Cima Repo

8 Nerina) and antctetiiy
ihiowmationptatementy

lem CoipetconcesnandMability
Statement

Governance)

1 OOMGhaigststatementy

WW Gadaogum

fi OamBoa Glodirectousy

fiOommGroupymancsementitean)

LOBED rectonsgandicorpocatey
povennancep pony

p35 9a Directoysgremunerationtrepory

b CSB O tbe gstatutonyintoumauony

Financialjstatements}

1 68¥mlndependenttauditogsireporty
fl 80MGonsolidated\financial

Ptstementsy
PW eCompanytnancialfstacements}
Sharenoldein formation]
Paonendixeacarbonlemissionsy
foackeroundancenminolory]

rr oul oGouginelogstoenoanK
Esystem fowinvestorstcompaniesycitiosy

(covegpn O10; Home, Group NNeWcostie Ubon al ysic}

BDnOLOR LDN COOK]

2023 in numbers

Strong operating
performance

£4,117.7m

Revenue
(2022: £3,612.2m)

Financial strength and
shareholder returns

£144.6m

Profit before tax (adjusted*)
(2022: £136.2m)

£141.3m

Operating profit (adjusted*)
(2022: £139.2m)

£143.9m

Profit before tax
(2022: £85.3m)

£140.6m

Operating profit
(2022: £88.3m)

£281.7M

Average daily net cash
(2022: £256.3m)

£8,920.2m

Secured workload
(2022: £8,458.9m)

114p

Total dividend per share
(2022: 101p)

Materiality

Our annual report aims to provide our investors with the information they
need to make decisions, for example on whether to buy, hold or sell our
shares, how to vote on their shares and whether to engage with our Board
on any issue. We have included information we believe is material to these
decisions and presented it in a way that we believe is fair, balanced and
understandable. We recognise that this report will be read by a variety

of other stakeholders including employees, our supply chain, clients and
partners, funders and performance bond issuers, analysts and regulators.
Where we believe that a topic is material to many of them, based on our
latest materiality assessment (see page 21), we either include itin this

report or refer to other reports and information on our website. We believe
this approach meets the requirements of company law, the UK Corporate

Social and
environmental value

966

Apprentices and sponsorships for
graduates and national vocational
and professional qualifications
(2022: 882)

45%

Reduction in Scope 1 and 2
carbon emissions from 2019
baseline’

(2022: 45%)

73p

Monetary value of social
activities per £1 of project spend
on 80 projects measured

(2022: 67p on 110 projects measured)

AAA

MSCl environmental, social and
governance (ESG) rating
(2022: AAA)

* See note 28 to the consolidated financial statements for alternative
performance measure definitions and reconciliations.

Governance Code, the Companies Act 2006 and UK-adopted international 1 Scope 1 emissions are direct from owned or controlled sources and

accounting and reporting standards, and that we go beyond these
requirements where we feel itis useful for the reader.

Scope 2 are generated from purchased energy. Scope 1 and 2 emissions

in 2019 totalled 20,903 tonnes CO,e.

03

uuodas 2Baens

a2UeUsaNOD

siuawarers jepueuly

04 | Morgan Sindall Group plc
| Annual Report 2023

The quick read

Harnessing the energy of our people
to achieve the improbable

Our specialist
divisions
Through six divisions,
we deliver construction
and regeneration for
the public, commercial
and regulated sectors.
Construction

* Construction

* Infrastructure

= Fit Out

= Property Services

Regeneration
= Partnership Housing
= Urban Regeneration

© See page 7

Our business
model

We generate

cash through

our construction
activities and invest in
long-term regeneration
schemes, which in turn
create opportunities

in construction.

Our capabilities match
the UK's demand for
affordable housing,
urban regeneration
and investment in
public, commercial and
social infrastructure.

© See page 10

Visit morgansindall.com
for more information

Our strategy

We pursue organic
growth for the
Group through
the exceptional
performance of
our businesses.

Our priorities

* Achieve quality
of earnings

Excel in project
delivery

Secure long-term
workstreams

Keep innovating to
deliver on our Total
Commitments to our
stakeholders and
wider society

Maintain financial
strength

© See page 12

Core Values

Our purpose,

culture, strategy

and performance

are driven by our
Core Values. We
encourage our people
to challenge the status
quo and exceed

our stakeholders’
expectations.

Our Core Values were updated
with effect from 1 January 2024

© See page 12

The quick read continued

A decentralised
approach

At the heart of our Core Values
is our decentralisation.

Our divisions are
complementary but different,
and our decentralised approach
enables them to respond
quickly to the specific needs

of their markets.

Our people are empowered to
make the right decisions for the
business and our stakeholders.

© See page7

Being a responsible
business

We have made five Total
Commitments to our
stakeholders and wider society.

© See pages 2010.44

Dedicated

to our stakeholders

Long-term relationships, based

on dialogue, transparency

and collaboration, are key to

our success.

Our key stakeholders

= Our people

= Supply chain

® Clients and partners

= Local communities

= Shareholders

= Funders and performance
bond issuers

© See pages 17to 19

Our Total Commitments are aligned with the United Nations (UN) Sustainable

Development Goals. We believe we can have the biggest impact in the following:

13 iiror

®

quodas 21Zayens

anueusano5

squawarers jepueuly

Morgan Sindall Group ple
Annual Report 2023

Chief executive's statement

A record full-year performance reflecting the
strength and depth of the Group's operations

2023 was another record year for the Group,
reflecting the quality of our operations and
the talent and commitment of our people.

Despite market headwinds and disappointing losses in
Property Services due to cost pressures and operational
challenges, the diversified and decentralised nature of our
operations has enabled us to continue making significant
strategic progress.

Revenue increased by 14% to £4,117.7m (2022: £3,612.2m)
and adjusted* operating profit by 2% to £141.3m (2022:
£139.2m). Adjusted* operating margin was 3.4%, 50 basis
points lower than the prior year (2022: 3.9%). Adjusted* profit
before tax was £144,6m, up 6% (2022: £136.2m), and statutory
profit before tax increased 69% to £143.9m (2022: £85.3m),
driven mainly by an exceptional building safety credit of £2.2m
compared to a charge of £48.9m in 2022.

We maintained our strong balance sheet and positive cash
flow, with average daily net cash of £281.7m (2022: £256.3m).
This supports the Group's future growth by enabling us to
make the best decisions and by giving potential clients
assurance of our long-term solvency and availability of

cash resources.

Our total dividend for the year has increased by 13% to 114p
(2022: 101p). This equates to a dividend cover of 2.2 times and
reflects our results, balance sheet and the Board's confidence
in the Group's long-term prospects.

eee

We act responsibly to do the right thing

Our responsible business approach has long been an integral
part of our business. In 2023 we reviewed our Core Values
and added: We act responsibly to do the right thing’, to reflect
that sustainability is embedded in our operations and that
we are committed to making decisions that consider all

our stakeholders.

During the year, we progressed our efforts to measure and
reduce our carbon emissions and | am proud to say that we
have achieved a CDP A score for our leadership on climate
change mitigation for the fourth year running, and retained
our AAA environmental, social and governance (ESG) rating
from MSCI for the third year. We have realigned our science-
based targets with a 1.5°C scenario, added new targets for
2045 that reduce our reliance on carbon offsetting, and
extended our key performance indicators to include ‘wider’

as well as ‘operational’ Scope 3 emissions, which include
emissions by our suppliers in processing their products and by
our clients in running the buildings we hand over. Some of
these wider emissions are challenging to collect data for and
measure accurately, and we have been working hard with our
supply chain to improve our processes. We have continued to
evolve industry-leading climate solutions, and received a £1m
innovation grant from the government to apply artificial
intelligence (Al) capabilities to our carbon reduction tool,
CarboniCa, which will speed up the whole-life carbon
assessments of our projects.

Our health and safety statistics were disappointing this year,
partly due to our high safety standards not always being
followed. We will keep pressing the need for constant vigilance
‘on site so that people can protect themselves and each other.
Our divisions have continued to work closely with our supply
chain to increase safety and reduce carbon emissions, and

we have been awarded Gold status by the Supply Chain
Sustainability School for our involvement in training and
knowledge sharing.

Our outlook for 2024

While there remains some uncertainty in the wider economy,
inflation is reducing and there is a prospect of lower interest
rates, which gives us confidence for the year ahead. We have
a high-quality and growing order book spread across a

wide range of sectors. We are therefore well-positioned for
the future.

John Morgan
Chief Executive

~ Our divisions

Offering expertise that meets
the specific needs of our markets

MORGAN
SINDALL Regeneration

GROUP

Construction

Regeneration

Construction | Infrastructure | Fit Out Property Partnership Urban
Services Housing Regeneration
£966.6m | £886.7m_ |.£1,105.2m | £185.2m | £837.5m_ | £185.3m
Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue Revenue
MORGAN MORGAN overbur MORGAN LOVELL Muse’
SINDALL SINDALL y SINDALL
ConsTRUCTION INFRASTRUCTURE PROPERTY SERIES
Education, healthcare, Highways, rail, energy, Fit out and Response and planned | Partnerships with Transforming the
commercial, water and nuclear refurbishment in maintenance services local authorities and urban landscape
industrial, leisure markets. commercial, central for social housing and housing associations. through partnership
and retail markets. and local government the wider public Mixed-tenure working and the
morgarsindatintastucurecom | offices, as welll as sector. developments, development of
morgansindsiconsiructioncom further education. building/developing multi-phase sites
mowreincalproperysenicescom | homes for open and mixed-use
BakerHicks. ‘overburycom market sale and for regeneration.
Infrastructure social/affordable rent,
includes the Morgan Lovell design and build museplacescom
BakerHicks design house contracting
activities based out Office interior design and planned
of the UK and and build services maintenance and
Switzerland. direct to occupiers. refurbishment.
bakeridscom organics comorstelovelicouk

07

wodas 213a2en¢

aDURUIaN0D,

squawiayers |epueuly

08 | Morgan Sindall Group plc
Annual Report 2023,

Business environment

Sectors contig 3% or mere
Of Group ravenua

Thadtllangingganael merkerconciitans SOG 50%
coninginto tieyser continusd ease (0) (0)
treugnout, with inition Eling in mest
ances, Wa continue to foes en our care canis - Grorstgg

Strene tistmoumtanectmagketsmandlon)
lang tan pertnarciias with eur pufsiite (0) (0)
ZY

and pretesscier disnts,

Business environ

---

d = (adjusted operating profit plus 13 Vehicle emissions are also included in the Scope 1 emission data.

interest from joint ventures) divided by acjusted average capital employed. Note: Carbon data 2022 onwards includes BakerHicks's DACH operations

(in Germany, Austria and Switzerland).

16

Morgan Sindall Group ple
‘Annual Report 2023

Section 172 statement

Making informed decisions

The Board and Group management team’s
objective is to promote the Group's success

for the benefit of all stakeholders, in line with

the directors’ duties set out in section 172
of the Companies Act 2006.

How our directors perform their duties

+ The Board sets the Group's purpose, values and strategy
and ensures they are aligned with our culture.

© See pages 111 to 113

‘The Board reviews the Group's strategy and conducts
strategy reviews with each division, to ensure the long-
term sustainable success of the business with good
outcomes for all our stakeholders.

© See page 114

The Board sets the Group's risk appetite, assesses
the principal risks that could impact on our strategy,
performance and stakeholders, and reviews the
mitigations we have in place.

© See page 115

The Board engages directly or indirectly with our
stakeholders, monitors the impact on stakeholders of
our activities, and takes their interests and priorities into
account when making decisions.

© See page 116

The responsible business committee monitors our
performance against our five Total Commitments to our
stakeholders and wider society and reports to the Board
on its activities.

© See pages 132 to 134

* Directors and senior managers undertake training on
directors duties and other relevant topics.

© See pages 110 and 118

Section 172 factor

The likely consequences of any decision in the long term

Purpose and strategy 12
Business model 10
Capital allocation framework 9, 165,
Pipeline of work a7
Divisional markets 8-9, 48-65

The interests of the Company's employees

Employee engagement 17.18
Protecting people 225
Developing people 26-29
Employee policies 94-95
The work of the responsible business committee 132-134
Rewarding employees fairly 137, 142

The need to foster the Company's business relationships with
suppliers, customers and others

Supply chain engagement 17-18
Working together with our supply chain 37-40
Human rights and modern slavery 24-25, 95
Client and partner engagement 17,19
Funder engagement 17,19

The impact of the Company's operatians on the community and
the environment

Community engagement 17,19
Enhancing communities er
improving the environment 30-36
Environmental policies 34
The work of the responsible business committee 132-134

‘The Company's reputation for high standards of business conduct

Non-financial and sustainability information statement 34-95
Culture and values 12, 111-113
Code of Conduct 24-25, 94-55, 116
Raising concerns 116
Board's oversight of workforce policies and practices 16
internal financial controls 129

The need to act fairly between members of the Company

Shareholder engagement 17,19, 116
‘Annual general meeting (AGM) 163
Rights attached to shares 164
Voting rights 164

Our stakeholders

Understanding our stakeholders’ priorities

We develop long-term relationships through
close working and good communication.

The quick read...

= The Board engages directly with our people,
shareholders, analysts and funders; our divisions
manage their relationships with their people, supply
chain, clients, partners and local communities
The executive directors are kept informed of the
divisions’ stakeholder engagement via regular divisional
board meetings, and update the Board as appropriate

We have acted to improve employee wellbeing,
launched a Supplier Code of Conduct, helped clients
achieve their social and environmental objectives, and
provided people living locally to our projects with work
and training opportunities

Our key stakeholders are our people, supply chain, clients
and partners, local communities, shareholders, and funders
and performance bond issuers. Detail on the importance and
priorities of these groups and how we engage with them on
an ongoing basis is set out on pages 18 and 19.

Examples of our engagement activities and areas of focus
in 2023 are summarised below.

Our people

All divisions took action during the year in response to
feedback from their employees received via surveys
undertaken in 2022 and 2023. Key areas of focus were career
development, inclusion, increased interaction between
colleagues, and wellbeing.

Examples of actions taken included: setting up a diversity and
inclusion working group (Construction); creating an employee
engagement group to develop an action plan prioritising
physical and mental wellbeing and appreciation and connection
(Infrastructure); developing career pathways for technical
staff, clearly outlining skills required at each level (BakerHicks);
increasing areas for quiet time and prayer and improving
inter-departmental collaboration (Fit Out); creating a mental
health awareness toolbox talk and toolkits for line managers
(Property Services); increasing the number of mental health
first aiders (Partnership Housing); and launching a hybrid and
electric car salary sacrifice scheme (Urban Regeneration).

Detail of how the Board engages with employees can be
found on page 18.

Supply chain

We continued to work closely with our supply chain to achieve
high standards on our projects, and launched a Supplier Code
of Conduct with guidance on our values and commitments.
Our divisions continued to collaborate with their supply chains
on carbon reduction (see page 39) and safety (see page 40).

Clients and partners

Engaging with our clients and partners before, during and
after a project is critical if we are to exceed the quality and
experience they are expecting. We also work closely with
clients to help them achieve their social and environmental
objectives. Fit Out's General Pharmaceutical Council (GPhC)
project achieved an outstanding 200% of social value (audited
by the consultant Advance Social Value), largely by using a
local supply chain, and well exceeded GPhC's target of 12%.
Lovell Later Living designs its homes based on extensive
customer research and feedback. In response to customer
concerns about leasehold arrangements and service charges
typical to the retirement sector, the homes are being sold as
freehold, with no estate or service charges or management fees.

Local communities

We engage with communities by providing training and work
opportunities; working with schools and colleges to promote
careers in construction; supporting

---

employees were covered for private medical
services and 96% for life assurance, and 81% were registered
with our Group pension scheme. In 2023, we transferred our
pension scheme to a new provider that offers flexible retirement
options and a wide range of online tools and support.

Our divisions have continued to hold a variety of health-
related awareness weeks and campaigns throughout the year.
The frequent and repetitive nature of these events ensures
that prioritising health and wellness remains embedded in our
culture. We have noticed an increase in employees taking part,
due both to the ongoing economic environment and the
efforts of our divisions in making sure everyone is aware of
the support and advice on offer.

Outlined below are examples of new and expanding initiatives
by the divisions during the year:

= Construction was awarded an Investors in People (IIP)
health and wellbeing accreditation in 2023, achieving Gold
standard. The division increased its number of mental
health first aid instructors from three to five and continued
to provide mental health first aid training around the
country to employees and the supply chain. Construction’s
online supply chain ‘Academy’ ran a webinar on sleep, which
is closely connected with mental and emotional health,

* Infrastructure also achieved a Gold award from IIP for
health and wellbeing. The division held a mental health first
aid conference during the year, focusing on self-care, stress
management, and suicide awareness and prevention.

= BakerHicks launched a Virgin Pulse Go app that encourages
users to make small, sustainable changes to improve

their health and wellbeing. Early assessments have
demonstrated that 57% of employees feel happier by
increasing social connections and 66% have improved their
physical activity levels. BakerHicks is working to promote
the services of its mental health first aiders to employees.
The business's Virgin Pulse Go platform recorded that 78%
of users said they had improved their ability to cope with
stress and mental health.

Fit Out set up a network of wellbeing committees and is
developing a new wellbeing intranet site with an animated
video explaining the resources available. The division

also introduced discounted gym memberships and free
annual health checks and registered 41 new participants

in its cycle-to-work scheme. Fit Out now has 94 employees
who are qualified mental health first aiders (2022: 62).

Property Services introduced a healthcare cash plan

for over 65% of its employees, which was promoted via

a mobile text campaign, and renewed its Works Perks
Wellbeing Hub’, publishing blogs throughout the year

that resulted in employee engagement increasing to

over 100 views per month. The division also set up a new
process for reporting absences that will help analyse the
main causes and make future wellbeing initiatives more
targeted. Property Services renewed its disability-confident
employer status and Domestic Abuse Housing Association
accreditation and launched a mental health toolbox talk
pilot programme, with in-person sessions attended by

130 operatives and recorded talks made available to those
unable to attend. The division also held a half-day mental
health awareness training session for over 100 line managers
and renamed its performance reviews as ‘performance

and wellbeing conversations’ to encourage more holistic
conversations between employees and managers. To date,
‘over 200 such conversations have taken place.

Partnership Housing was co-winner at the Business
Culture Awards 2023, for ‘Best Brand and Values Initiative’
in recognition of The Lovell Way, which focuses on treating
employees and customers with respect and empathy.
Urban Regeneration has trained additional mental health
first aiders and held ‘unch-and-learn’ sessions including
meditation exercises to help manage stress.

The importance of enhancing wellbeing extends beyond our
employees and supply chain to the users of our buildings and
spaces. All divisions are involved in developing WELL Building,
BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental
Assessment Method) or DREAM (Defence Related
Environmental Assessment Methodology) rated projects that
require health and wellbeing to be integrated into a building's
design and functionality. The WELL standard assessment
considers seven concepts: air, water, nourishment, light,
fitness, comfort, and mind. As part of the certification process,
we demonstrate how our designs, selected materials and
technologies contribute to the achievement of set goals, many
of which exceed government standards. The BREEAM UK
assessment focuses on visual comfort, indoor air quality,
thermal comfort, acoustic performance, security, and healthy
surroundings. In 2023 our divisions either completed or
worked on 161 projects certified or expected to be certified
under the scheme.

Human rights and modern slavery

Our policies and due diligence

Our human rights policy states our support of the UN Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights, and our commitment to the
human rights principles of diversity, non-discrimination and
non-harassment; prevention of human trafficking, forced
labour and child labour; workplace health and safety; freedom
of association; the adherence of our supply chain to human
rights principles; and engagement with our stakeholders and
consideration of their views. The policy was approved by the
Board in August 2022 and applies to the Group, our
subsidiaries, and the entities in which we hold a majority
interest. We are also committed to the freedom of association
and collective bargaining of our employees, and currently 3%
of employees are covered under such a scheme.

Our Group Code of Conduct sets out how we should act when
engaging with our clients, colleagues and suppliers. The Code
states our commitment to the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, providing equal opportunities, creating a diverse and
inclusive workplace, and preventing modern slavery in our
operations and supply chain. It prohibits employing people
directly or through third parties who we believe to be subject
to forced labour and engaging in any activities involving
people or countries subject to UN, US, EU or UK sanctions. It
also prohibits bullying, harassment and discrimination on the
basis of sex, pregnancy or maternity, gender reassignment,
sexual orientation, religion or belief, marriage and civil
partnership, age, race or disability; and requires fair and
objective employment decisions based on merit.

Our modern slavery policy sta