BETA Close X On August 26, 2026, John Morgan, Chief Executive of Morgan Sindall Group plc, transferred 225,000 ordinary shares, valued at £44.20 per share, to FiveM Investments Limited, a family investment company considered closely associated with him. This transaction, conducted outside a trading venue, represents an initial notification for both parties involved. Disclaimer* Morgan Sindall Group PLC 26 August 2026 MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name John Morgan (shares held in Chase Nominees Limited A/C CMBLJEQ, Account no 4292850) 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Morgan Sindall Group plc b) LEI 2138008339ULDGZRB345 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 5p Identification code GB0008085614 b) Nature of the transaction Transfer of 225,000 ordinary shares by John Morgan to FiveM Investments Limited, a family investment company being treated as a person closely associated with John Morgan for the purposes of this notification. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £44.20 225,000 d) Aggregated information N/A single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 26 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name FiveM Investments Limited (shares held in Chase Nominees Limited A/C CMBLJEQ, Account no 4371950) 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Family investment company being treated as a person closely associated with John Morgan, Chief Executive, for the purposes of this notification b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Morgan Sindall Group plc b) LEI 2138008339ULDGZRB345 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 5p Identification code GB0008085614 b) Nature of the transaction Receipt of 225,000 ordinary shares from John Morgan by FiveM Investments Limited, a family investment company being treated as a person closely associated with John Morgan for the purposes of this notification. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £44.20 225,000 d) Aggregated information N/A single transaction - Aggregated volume - Price e) Date of the transaction 26 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Morgan Sindall Group (MGNS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago British American Tobacco 4 hours ago Mitie Group 4 hours ago Marks & Spencer Group 4 hours ago Hammerson 4 hours ago Reckitt Benckiser Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and