Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 51 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 52 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 52 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 52 Item 9B. Other Information 53 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 53 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 54 Item 11. Executive Compensation 54 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 54 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 54 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 54 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 55 Signatures In this document, unless otherwise indicated, references to the "Company," "Logitech," "we," "our," and "us" are to Logitech International S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, all references to U.S. Dollar, Dollar or $ are to the United States Dollar, the legal currency of the United States of America. All references to CHF are to the Swiss Franc, the legal currency of Switzerland. Logitech, the Logitech logo, and the Logitech products referred to herein are either the trademarks or the registered trademarks of Logitech. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The Company's fiscal year ends on March 31. Interim quarters are generally periods, each ending on a Friday. For purposes of presentation, the Company has indicated its quarterly periods end on the last day of the calendar quarter. The term “Sales” means net sales, except as otherwise specified. All references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only, and the content of such websites do not constitute a part of and are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 1 Ta b le of Contents INFORMATION This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains " statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements are based on beliefs of our management as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These statements include, among other things, statements related to: • Our strategy for growth, future revenues, earnings, cash flow, uses of cash and other measures of financial performance, and market position; • Our business strategy and investment priorities in relation to evolving consumer and enterprise demand trends, competitive landscape and current and future worldwide geopolitical, economic and capital market conditions, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, economic downturns, and disruptions in global logistics; • Changes in trade regulations, policies and agreements and the imposition of tariffs that affect our products or operations, including potential new tariffs that may be imposed on U.S. imports, and our ability to mitigate; • The availability and pricing of components used to manufacture our products; • , secular trends that impact our product categories; • The evolution and adoption of artificial intelligence (“AI”), its impact on our industry and related risks and opportunities for our business; • Our expectations regarding any restructuring efforts, including the timing or effectiveness thereof; • The scope, nature or impact of any acquisition, strategic alliance, and divestiture activities; • Our expectations regarding the success of any strategic acquisitions, including integration of acquired operations, products, technology, internal controls, personnel and management teams; • Our expectations regarding our effective tax rate, future tax benefits, tax settlements, the adequacy of our provisions for uncertain tax positions; • Our expectations regarding our potential indemnification obligations, and the outcome of pending or future legal proceedings and tax audits; • Our business development, product development and innovation, and their impact on future operating results and anticipated operating costs for fiscal year 2027 and beyond; • Opportunities for growth and our ability to execute on and take advantage of them, including our marketing initiatives and strategy and our expectations regarding the success thereof; • Our expectations regarding our share repurchase and dividend programs; • The sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available borrowings under our Credit Agreement and our bank lines of credit to fund capital expenditures and working capital needs, and our ability to comply with our obligations under such debt agreements; and • The effects of environmental and other laws and regulations in the United States and other countries in which we operate. statements also include, among others, those statements including the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "predict," "should," "will" and similar language. These statements reflect our views and assumptions as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual performance to differ materially from those anticipated in the statements depending on a variety of factors. Important information as to these factors can be found in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Company Overview,” “Critical Accounting Estimates” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources,” among others. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A "Risk Factors," as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or "SEC." You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 2 Ta b le of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Company Overview Founded in 1981, and headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Logitech’s website address is www.logitech.com. Logitech designs hardware solutions that help businesses thrive and bring people together when working, creating and gaming. As the point of connection between people and the digital world, our mission is to extend human potential in work and play, in a way that is good for people and the planet. We sell the vast majority of our products under the Logitech and Logitech G brand names. Our diverse, innovative portfolio includes the following product categories: Gaming, Keyboards & Combos, Pointing Devices, Video Collaboration, Webcams, Tablet Accessories, and Headsets. These products are all classified under a single operating segment: Peripherals (see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements). They are compatible with many cloud or services: video conferencing platforms (e.g. Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Google Meet); esports or video games (e.g. League of Legends, Call of Duty, Gran Turismo); music streaming platforms (e.g. Spotify, Apple Music); content streaming platforms (e.g. Twitch, YouTube); and creativity and productivity platforms (e.g. Google Workplace, Adobe Creative Cloud). Our products are also enhanced through software, including machine learning and artificial intelligence ("AI"). We may launch adjacent new categories in the future. We sell our products to a broad range of international customers, in the Americas; Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"); and Asia Pacific. This includes direct sales to retailers, e-tailers, businesses large and small and end consumers through our e-commerce platform, and indirect sales to end customers through distributors. From time to time, we may seek to partner with or acquire, when appropriate, companies that have products, personnel, and technologies that complement our strategic direction. We continually review our product offerings and our strategic direction in light of our profitability targets, competitive conditions, changing consumer trends and the evolving nature of the interface between the consumer and the digital world. Business Strategy Logitech's strategy includes the following key priorities: • Work and play: This refers to our mission to extend human potential in work and play. We plan to continue to innovate and grow in the core markets in which we compete today while also expanding into broader sections of work, and exploring new areas of play; • , hardware in the age of AI: We focus on , hardware, and the services that come with it. AI is embedded in our innovation strategy, enabling us to provide elevated audio, video and other capabilities throughout our product portfolio, and we plan to continue to integrate AI into future products. Additionally, Logitech's products are the connection between people and the digital world, providing a broad range of devices that facilitate interaction with AI; • ("B2C") and ("B2B"): We plan to continue to invest in growth of our B2C business while increasing our focus on our B2B business, including sales coverage, product design, and services. We also intend to build and scale new vertical opportunities in Education, Healthcare, and the Public Sector; • Geographic opportunities: We leverage geographic opportunities to augment and expand our global presence, including a continued focus on developed and emerging markets as well as a specific “China for China” initiative for innovating in this key, market; and • Iconic brand: We continue to build a single, iconic Logitech brand. As such, we aim to be a model for people, ways of working, and inclusive culture. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 3 Ta b le of Contents Environmental Sustainability Logitech embeds "Design for Sustainability" into the heart of our culture and business strategy. This commitment extends across our entire value chain—from sourcing raw materials to product —as we leverage innovative materials, technologies and processes to reduce carbon emissions. By transitioning to renewable energy and prioritizing circular solutions like product repair and recycled materials, we continue to prove that environmental stewardship is a competitive differentiator that benefits our business, society, and the planet. Products Logitech designs, manufactures and sells products that help businesses thrive and bring people together when working, creating, and gaming. Gaming Logitech G provides products for gamers and streamers, including PC gaming (mice, headsets and keyboards), steering wheels, console gaming headsets, microphones and streaming services. Incorporating innovative design and advanced technologies, some of the key products and solutions in this category include: • The Logitech G Pro X2 Superstrike Wireless Gaming Mouse that was designed in collaboration with the world's top esports professionals, featuring the revolutionary Haptic Inductive Trigger System ("HITS"), which replaces traditional switches with an inductive analog sensor and click haptics, and weighing in at 61 grams. • The Logitech RS50 Racing Wheel System which features Direct Drive as well as TRUEFORCE support. The RS50 System allows for customization within the RS50 platform. • The Logitech Pro X 2 Lightspeed Wireless Headset which features sound, LIGHTSPEED TM wireless, and an emphasis on comfort. • The ASTRO 50X Wireless Headset which is compatible with PC, Xbox Series X|S, PlayStation5, and Nintendo Switch, as well as mobile and portable gaming devices, and features our unique PLAYSYNC technology that enables gamers to seamlessly switch between multiple consoles. • Streamlabs services which provide streaming and monetization tools for content creators to manage their audience and broadcast. Keyboards & Combos Logitech offers a variety of corded and cordless keyboards and combos ( combinations). Some of our key products in this category include: • The Logitech MX Keys Wireless keyboard, a premium backlit keyboard with customizable keys to directly access menus and shortcuts within leading creativity and productivity apps. We also have the MX Keys mini wireless keyboard which is ideal for smaller spaces and for creators and the Logitech MX mechanical wireless keyboard. • The Logitech Wireless Combo MK270, a reliable entry level keyboard and mouse combination with a tiny plug and play USB receiver. The Logitech Wireless Combo MK295 Silent is an upgraded version with silent typing and clicking due to our SilentTouch technology. • The Logitech Wireless Combo MK540 Advanced, an instantly familiar mid level wireless keyboard and mouse combination built for precision, comfort, and reliability. The keyboard features a familiar key shape, size, and feeling – and the contoured and ambidextrous mouse has been designed to fit comfortably into either palm. Pointing Devices Logitech offers a variety of pointing devices. Some of our key products in this category include: • The Logitech MX Master 4, our flagship wireless mouse product, is a mouse with haptic feedback, designed for an immersive and precise workflow. It is enabled with Logitech Flow control software and Logi Bolt system connectivity. This product represents the new paradigm for precise, fast, comfortable digital navigation and digital creativity. • The Logitech Signature M650 Wireless Mouse, which introduced SmartWheel for precise and fast scrolling, and clicks silently due to our SilentTouch technology, has an 18-month battery life, dual connectivity with Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 4 Ta b le of Contents Bluetooth and Logi Bolt, compatible with nearly all operating systems, and comfortable design, and is available in Large, Medium and versions. • The Logitech Lift, a vertical mouse with Logi Bolt wireless technology and the SmartWheel, available in right and versions. • The Logitech Wireless Mouse M185, a reliable wireless mouse with comfortable shape and compact design. • The Logitech Wireless Mouse M220 Silent is an upgraded version of the M185 with silent clicking due to SilentTouch technology. Video Collaboration The Video Collaboration category includes Logitech’s conference room cameras (“ConferenceCams”), which combine affordable audio and high definition ("HD") 4K video to bring video conferencing to a variety of room sizes. Some of our key products in this category include: • The Logitech Rally Bar family of ConferenceCams, consisting of Rally Bar, Rally Bar Huddle, and Rally Bar Mini, which is our premier family of video bars with computing capabilities for small, midsize and large rooms, providing brilliant video, audio, and the flexibility to deploy in PC or appliance mode. • The Logitech Rally and Logitech MeetUp ConferenceCams that plug and play with any computing device including PC, Mac and Chromebook. Logitech Rally offers video conferencing with Ultra HD 4K video and professional audio that easily turns medium- to conference rooms into collaboration rooms. Logitech MeetUp is designed for huddle rooms and features a 120° field of view ("FOV"), 4K optics and exceptional audio performance. • The Logitech Tap controller, which connects to any computer through USB and serves as a controller compatible with video conferencing room solutions from Google®, Microsoft®, and Zoom. • The Logitech Sight, a tabletop companion camera with intelligent framing through front and center views. • The Logitech Rally Board 65, an video conferencing solution that combines crystal clear video, powerful audio, and features, all integrated into a single 65-inch touchscreen. • Along with these key products this category also includes a full portfolio of accessories such as microphones and cables to enable easy to deploy and customizable configurations. • In addition, Logitech offers a robust enterprise service ecosystem focused on maximizing uptime and workspace efficiency through two distinct tiers. Logitech Essentials provides advanced management capabilities, such as remote user interface access, ServiceNow integration, and workspace analytics to optimize room usage. For organizations requiring deeper support, Logitech Select builds upon those management tools by adding 24/7 priority technical support, a dedicated service manager, and accelerated hardware replacement. Webcams Our Webcams category includes webcams and streaming cameras. Our webcams and streaming cameras are designed to seamlessly integrate with laptops and desktop computers, enabling instant video collaboration and transforming workspaces into communication hubs. With connectivity, optimized compatibility across platforms, and intelligent features for clarity and , our webcams empower effective meetings, content creation, and interaction from any desktop. The Brio 100, Logitech HD Pro Webcam C920, C922, Brio 4K Pro Webcam and our flagship MX Brio Ultra HD 4K Webcam are the key products in this category that are designed to meet the various needs of our audiences. Tablet Accessories Our Tablet Accessories category primarily includes tablet keyboards. These products are mostly designed for iPads but can also be used with select Samsung and other Android tablets. Some of our key products in this category include: • The Combo Touch for various iPad Pro and Air models are our flagship design offering a backlit keyboard, kickstand for flexible viewing angles, and a trackpad for gestures, clicks, and navigation. The Combo Touch uses Smart Connector technology to connect to the iPad seamlessly, with no need for batteries or Bluetooth pairing. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 5 Ta b le of Contents • The Rugged offers a more protective folio or combo for iPad 9th and 10th generations, with a securely sealed wipeable fabric keyboard powered by Smart Connector, a rugged and protective holder, and an kickstand to allow multiple viewing angles. A version made for the Education sector is also available. • The Logitech Slim Folio Keyboard for iPad 9th and 10th generations, offers a Bluetooth backlit keyboard with a folio design for optimal working and viewing angle, light front and back protection and a digital pen holder. • The Logitech Crayon is a digital pen for all iPad models from 2018. It's powered by Apple Pencil technology, so there is no need to pair it via Bluetooth. Users can just turn it on and write, sketch, or annotate on any iPad. Headsets Logitech’s headset portfolio spans headsets, headphones, and premium wireless earbuds. It is anchored by the H390 as a globally deployed, high‑volume USB headset. Additionally, the portfolio includes the Zone Wired 2 next‑generation wired headset; the Zone Wireless 2, a premium Bluetooth headset; the Zone 300, a wireless headset at a competitive price point; and the UE Pro, a versatile monitor. This portfolio supports empowering people to collaborate effectively from anywhere, enabling seamless collaboration by combining premium, human centric design for the modern workplace. Other Our Other category primarily consists of mobile speakers and PC speakers. Our mobile speakers are a portfolio of portable wireless Bluetooth speakers for music on the go. Our key products within the collection of portable Bluetooth speakers includes Ultimate Ears (UE), WONDERBOOM4, BOOM4, and MEGABOOM4. Sales and Distribution Our sales and marketing activities are organized into three geographic regions: the Americas (North and South America), EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) and Asia Pacific (China, Australia, Japan, India, Korea, Taiwan and other countries). For revenue by geographic region, see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. Logitech has an extensive global network that is leveraged to optimize the value of our existing products and product categories as well as to introduce new products and enter new product categories. We sell our products primarily to a variety of distributors, retailers and e-tailers. We support these channels with our direct sales force and distributors located in all three geographic regions. Our distributor customers typically resell products to retailers, resellers, systems integrators and other distributors with whom Logitech does not have a direct relationship. As we have increased our investments in the B2B channel in recent years, we have expanded our enterprise sales coverage through our sales force as well as various channel partners. Expansion into new channels enables more opportunities across our broad product portfolio. Logitech's products can be purchased in a number of major retail chains, where we typically have access to significant shelf space. In addition, Logitech products can be purchased online either directly or indirectly from Logitech.com or through e-tailers, the websites of our major retail chains, and other online and social channels. Logitech products are also carried by B2B direct market resellers. In fiscal years 2026, 2025 and 2024, Amazon Inc. and its affiliated entities together accounted for 18% , 19% and 18% of our gross sales, respectively. In fiscal years 2026, 2025 and 2024, Ingram Micro Inc. and its affiliated entities together accounted for 14% , 14% and 13% of our gross sales, respectively. TD Synnex and its affiliated entities together accounted for 12% , 12%, and 14% of our gross sales in fiscal years 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. No other customer individually accounted for more than 10% of our gross sales in fiscal years 2026, 2025 or 2024. Seasonality We experience seasonal trends related to our product sales. Sales are generally highest during our third fiscal quarter (October to December) primarily due to increased consumer demand during the holiday season and increased spending by businesses in the months nearing the calendar . Cash flow is usually correspondingly lower in the first half of our fiscal year as we typically build inventories in advance of our third fiscal quarter and we also pay an annual dividend following our Annual General Meeting typically held in September. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 6 Ta b le of Contents Materials We purchase certain products and key components used in our products from a limited number of sources. Lead times for materials, components, and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for a component, our ability to forecast product demand, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors, such as memory chips, and optical sensors, and base metals used in our products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components, materials, or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components, materials, or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could affect availability of our products or increase our production costs. Operations Logitech’s operations capability consists of a diversified manufacturing footprint across six countries that includes an manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China and contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers (principally in Asia and Mexico), which allows us to effectively respond to rapidly changing demand and leverage economies of scale. Our Suzhou operation, which currently handles approximately 35% of our total production of products based on value, provides manufacturing , intellectual property protection and variable production capacity which gives us flexibility to quickly adjust production levels to align with shifts in demand. In addition, by combining and outsourced manufacturing capabilities, we can reduce volatility in production volumes as well as improve time to market. Both our and outsourced manufacturing operations are managed by our worldwide operations group. The worldwide operations group provides support throughout the product lifecycle from product development to the management of distribution centers and the supply chain and logistics networks. We believe our diversified manufacturing footprint across six countries, our supply chain’s extensive global reach, our key distribution channels and strategic business relationships combined with our factory automation, extensive analytic modeling expertise, optimization tools and global processes are key competitive advantages. Marketing Across Logitech’s multiple product categories, we focus on enhancing our marketing capabilities around brand strategy and execution, digital marketing, and marketing technology. With our products and design as a foundation, our marketing demonstrates the relevancy of our products in the lives of our customers, focusing on specific and diverse audiences. We continue to increase our presence when and where our products and messages are most relevant, which enables us to drive brand value. Research and Development We recognize that continued investment in product research and development is critical to facilitate innovation of new and improved products, technologies and experiences. Our research and development expenses for fiscal years 2026, 2025 and 2024 were $316.2 million, $309.0 million and $287.2 million, respectively, which represents 6.5%, 6.8% and 6.7% of net sales, respectively. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to research and development, including for the development of devices for digital platforms, video communications, wireless technologies, power management, and user interfaces to sustain our competitive position. Design Logitech uses engineering as a strategic differentiator. Our key design centers are in Switzerland, Ireland, the United States, and Taiwan, where we have internal teams of designers who work in close collaboration with our engineering, product and manufacturing teams throughout our innovation process. This capability has driven the transformation of our portfolio over the years. We focus on designing products that bring delight to our users because they are innovative, intuitive, and deliver value. In addition, we design for sustainability to reduce the environmental impact of our products, operations, and value chain. Our design capabilities have consistently been recognized by iF, Red Dot and Good Design with broad based award wins across work, play and education products. Engineering Our expertise in key engineering disciplines such as sensors, acoustics, optics, wireless, and power management is a core competitive advantage of Logitech. Furthermore, we continue to extend our Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 7 Ta b le of Contents engineering capabilities into advanced technologies in software including AI, machine learning, cloud services, and mobile apps. Our engineering team has expertise in bringing together these many technologies, across hardware and software to develop an innovative portfolio. These engineering capabilities combined with our design team form the basis of Logitech's renowned innovation engine. Customer Service and Technical Support Our customer service organization provides user technical support, support related to product inquiry, and order support. We support these customer service functions with outsourced operations as well as support teams located in countries across the world. We also have centers in Asia, managed by providers, where consumers may obtain service for their Logitech products. We provide support services to retail purchasers of our products through telephone, e-mail, forums, chat, and the Logitech Support website. In addition, for some of our product categories, dedicated support websites and dedicated internal support teams are available. To improve our customers' experience and operate efficiently, we use technology to facilitate chatbot interactions, enable and apply AI to optimize support searches. Logitech provides warranties on our branded products that range from one to three years. For our Video Collaboration category, we also offer bundled support services with Logitech Video Collaboration solutions that are sold through channel partners. Competition Our product categories are characterized by large, competitors, short product life cycles, continual performance enhancements, and rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors in our retail markets. We have experienced aggressive price competition and other promotional activities from our primary competitors and brands, including brands owned by some retail customers known as house brands. We may also encounter more competition if any of our competitors in one or more categories decide to enter other categories in which we currently operate. As we target opportunities in new categories and markets and as some of our product categories demonstrate growth, we are confronting new competitors, many of which may have more experience in the categories or markets and have greater marketing resources and brand name recognition than we have. In addition, because of the continuing convergence of the markets for computing devices and consumer electronics, there may be greater competition in the future from consumer electronics companies in our developing categories, as well as future categories we might enter. Some of these companies may have greater financial, technical, sales, marketing, and other resources than we have. We expect continued competitive pressure in our business, including in the terms and conditions that our competitors offer customers, which may be more favorable than our terms and conditions and may require us to take actions to increase our customer incentive programs, which could impact our sales and operating margins. Gaming Competitors for our gaming products include Razer Inc. ("Razer"), Corsair Gaming, Inc., SteelSeries (owned by GN Store Nord A/S (“GN”)), Turtle Beach Corporation, HyperX (owned by HP Inc. ("HP")) and Moza (owned by Gudsen Technology), among others. Our competitors for Blue Microphones products include Rode Microphones LLC, Audio Technica Corporation, Samson Technologies Corp., Shure Incorporated, Razer and Apogee Electronics Corp., among others. Keyboards & Combos Apple Inc. ("Apple"), Dell Technologies ("Dell"), HP, Lenovo Group Ltd. ("Lenovo"), Eweadn, Mchose, Keychron, Cherry, Amazon Basics and regional computer peripheral computer brands are the main competitors in our keyboard and combo product lines. We also experience competition and pricing pressure for corded and cordless keyboards and combos from brands, including house brands and local competitors in Asian markets, such as Shenzhen Rapoo Technology Co., Ltd. ("Shenzhen Rapoo"), and Xiaomi Corporation ("Xiaomi"). Pointing Devices Apple, Lenovo, Dell, HP, Cherry, and Amazon Basics are our main competitors worldwide for pointing devices. We also experience competition and pricing pressure from brands, including house brands and local competitors in Asian markets, such as Elecom Co., Ltd., Buffalo Inc., Shenzhen Rapoo, Huawei and Xiaomi. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 8 Ta b le of Contents Video Collaboration Our competitors for video collaboration products include Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), Poly (owned by HP), Jabra (owned by GN), AVer Information Inc., Neat, Yealink (Xiamen) Network Technology Co.Ltd, and Owl Labs, among others. Webcams Our primary competitors for webcams are HP, Dell, Lenovo and other manufacturers such as Razer, HIKVision and Insta360. Tablet Accessories Competitors in the tablet accessories market are Apple, Zagg Inc. and other brands. Although we are one of the leaders in the tablet keyboard market and continue to bring innovative offerings to the market, we expect the competition may increase. Headsets For headsets, our main competitors include Poly, Jabra, and EPOS, among others. headphones competitors include Beats, Bose, Apple, Sony Corporation, JBL and Sennheiser, among others. Other Our competitors for Bluetooth wireless speakers include Bose Corporation ("Bose") and Harman International Industries, Inc ("Harman"), among others. Personal voice assistants and other devices that offer music, such as Sonos Inc., Amazon's Echo, Google Home (owned by Alphabet, Inc.) and Apple HomePod, also compete with our products. Amazon is also a significant customer of our products. For PC speakers, our competitors include Bose, Cyber Acoustics LLC, and Creative Labs, Inc., among others. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights Intellectual property rights that apply to Logitech's products and services include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets. We hold various United States patents and pending applications, together with corresponding patents and pending applications from other countries. While we believe that patent protection is important, we also believe that patents are of less competitive significance than factors such as technological innovation, ease of use, and quality design. No single patent is in itself essential to Logitech as a whole. From time to time, we receive claims that we may be infringing on patents or other intellectual property rights of others. As appropriate, claims are referred to legal counsel, and current claims are in various stages of evaluation and negotiation. If necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses for certain intellectual property rights. Refer also to the discussion in Item 1A "Risk Factors"—"We may be unable to protect our proprietary rights. Unauthorized use of our technology may result in the development of products that compete with our products." and "Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology could adversely affect our business." To distinguish genuine Logitech products from competing products and counterfeit products, Logitech has used, registered, or applied to register certain trademarks and trade names in the United States and other countries and jurisdictions. Logitech enforces its trademark and trade name rights in the United States and other countries. In addition, the software for Logitech's products and services is entitled to copyright protection, and we generally require our customers to obtain a software license before providing them with that software. We also protect details about our products and services as trade secrets through employee training, license and agreements, technical measures and other reasonable efforts to preserve confidentiality. Government Regulations We conduct operations in a number of countries and we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations which vary from country to country. Such laws and regulations include tax, import/export and laws, varying accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, import or export restrictions or licensing requirements, trade protection measures, custom duties, tariffs, import or export duties, and other trade barriers, restrictions and regulations. We also are subject to numerous environmental regulations, including in connection with targeted substances, such as laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 9 Ta b le of Contents hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites, the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and laws restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products; stewardship, such as stewardship directives including the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ("WEEE") Directive, the Packaging Directive and the Battery Regulation, which require producers of electrical goods, packaging, and batteries to finance the collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of relevant products; or conflict minerals, such as the U.S. Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. While we incur increasing costs to comply with such government regulations, we do not believe that our compliance with such requirements will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, competitive position, consolidated results of operations, earnings, or cash flows. Nonetheless, the regulatory framework applicable to us becomes increasingly complex as new regulations, including environmental, become effective. While we monitor such regulations, we are unable to fully determine their impact, that could be substantial. For more information about such regulations and how they may impact us, see "Risks Related to Global Nature of our Operations and Regulatory Environment" in Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Note 7 Income Taxes in our Notes to consolidated financial statements below. Human Capital Resources Employees Our human capital resources include persons employed directly by us or indirectly through contingent workforce arrangements. As of March 31, 2026, we employed approximately 7,300 persons, of which approximately 2,300 were employed in our Suzhou manufacturing operations. This includes people employed directly by us, or indirectly through contingent workforce arrangements. None of Logitech's U.S. direct employees are represented by a labor union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Certain other countries, such as China, provide by law for employee rights, which include requirements similar to collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee relations are good. We rely on different programs and initiatives to support our goals. Some of our key human capital management programs are summarized below. Diversity and Inclusion We believe that reflecting the diverse world in which we live, through our people and by fostering an inclusive culture, fuels innovation. Our direct employees are located across Americas, EMEA and and bring a range of perspectives and skills to Logitech. As of March 31, 2026, 50% of our office employees were located in , 27% in the Americas, and 23% in EMEA. As of March 31, 2026, females represented 39% of our global office employees. In the U.S., underrepresented minorities (defined as Black or African American, Asian, Hispanic or Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander) represented 46% of our employees. To measure our employees’ satisfaction at Logitech, we distribute a employee engagement survey. Most recently, we conducted a survey in October 2025, in which 86% of our global office employees participated. As part of the survey, employees provided feedback on their experience at Logitech, on measures such as happiness, retention and their perspective on our current state of workplace inclusivity at Logitech. Safety, Health and We look to safeguard the safety, health and of all members of the Logitech team. We implement training and communication programs across the business each year to ensure employee awareness of the importance of health and safety management and our key programs and provisions. To help us ensure the safety, health and of employees at our production facility in Suzhou, China, we follow the RBA Code of Conduct and have an Environmental, Health and Safety ("EHS") Management System that is certified to ISO 14001 and ISO 45001. We implement the RBA Code as a full supply chain initiative. Further, we operate an audit and verification program to verify compliance with the RBA code. We believe health and are critical to our employees' personal and professional success and provide, in addition to healthcare benefits, wellness tools, resources and programs designed to help employees achieve good physical, financial, emotional, intellectual and social . Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 10 Ta b le of Contents Talent Acquisition and Development Our geographic diversity gives Logitech an excellent foundation to recruit diverse talent from around the world. We believe that the entire talent process must be executed through a lens of equity and inclusion. We provide learning and development tools and resources to all our employees through our key programs. Our talent development program includes a dedicated training center at our production facility, a number of , leadership development, mentorship, coaching career development and team building programs that remain available remotely. Information About Our Executive Officers. The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of May 21, 2026: Name Age Nationality Position Johanna (Hanneke) Faber 57 Netherlands Chief Executive Officer Matteo Anversa 55 Italy, U.S. Chief Financial Officer Samantha Harnett 50 U.S. Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Johanna (Hanneke) Faber joined Logitech as Chief Executive Officer in December 2023. Prior to joining Logitech, Ms. Faber served as President of the Global Nutrition Division at Unilever PLC, a multinational consumer goods company from July 2022 to November 2023, where she oversaw the Nutrition Business Group. She was previously President of the Foods & Refreshment Division of Unilever from May 2019 to June 2022. Ms. Faber joined Unilever as a member of its Executive Committee in January 2018, serving as President Unilever Europe. Prior to Unilever, she was a member of the Executive Committee of Ahold Delhaize N.V., a global food retailer, from 2013 to 2017, serving first as Chief Commercial Officer and then as Chief E-Commerce and Innovation Officer. Ms. Faber has been a member of the board of directors and audit committee of Tapestry Inc., a luxury fashion and lifestyle brands holding company since 2021. Ms. Faber also serves on the Board of the Swiss American Chamber of Commerce. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Houston (Texas, USA). Matteo Anversa joined Logitech as Chief Financial Officer in September 2024. Mr. Anversa previously served as Executive Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Gentherm Incorporated, a thermal management technology company, from January 2019 to August 2024. Prior to joining Gentherm, Mr. Anversa served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Myers Industries, Inc., an international manufacturer of material handling products and a distributor of tire repair and retread products, from December 2016 to December 2018. Prior to Myers Industries, Mr. Anversa worked since 2013 at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., a global automobile manufacturer, where he held executive management positions, including Vice President, Group FP&A Fiat Chrysler and Chief Financial Officer for Ferrari SpA where he helped prepare Ferrari for its initial public offering. Mr. Anversa began his career at General Electric Company, a multinational conglomerate, where he held various leadership roles during his 16-year tenure. Mr. Anversa served as a director of Gabelli Value for Italy, an Italian company listed on AIM Italia, from April 2018 through May 2020. Since October 2024, he has been serving as a director of Strattec Security Corporation, a public company providing advanced automotive access, security & authorization and select user interface solutions for the automotive industry. Mr. Anversa holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Parma, Italy. Samantha Harnett joined Logitech as General Counsel in June 2020 and became Chief Legal Officer in April 2023. Prior to joining Logitech, Ms. Harnett served in various legal and management roles at Eventbrite, Inc., a global ticketing and experience technology platform, most recently as Chief Legal and Operations Officer from October 2019 to June 2020. While at Eventbrite, she also served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel from May 2018 to October 2019 and Vice President, General Counsel from November 2015 to May 2018. From March 2005 to November 2015, Ms. Harnett served in various positions at ZipRealty, Inc., a real estate technology and online brokerage company, including most recently as General Counsel and Senior Vice President of Business Development from October 2009 to November 2015. She also served as an associate at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, P.C. Ms. Harnett holds a BA degree from California State University, Chico and a JD from Santa Clara University School of Law. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 11 Ta b le of Contents Available Information Our Investor Relations website is located at https://ir.logitech.com. We post and maintain an archive of our earnings and other press releases, current reports, annual and quarterly reports, earnings release schedule, information regarding annual general meetings, further information on corporate governance, and other information regarding the Company on the Investor Relations website. The information we post includes filings we make with the SEC, including reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, and our proxy statement related to our annual shareholders' meeting and any amendments to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to U.S. securities laws or Swiss laws. All such filings and information are available free of charge on the website, and we make them available on the website as soon as reasonably possible after we file or furnish them with the SEC. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file and our references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. In addition, Logitech publishes press releases upon the occurrence of significant events within Logitech. Shareholders and members of the public may elect to receive alerts when Logitech issues press releases by subscribing through http://ir.logitech.com/alerts.cfm. As a Swiss company traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange, and as a company subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we file reports on transactions in Logitech securities by members of Logitech's Board of Directors and executive officers. The reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 3, 4 and 5, along with our other SEC filings, may be accessed on our website free of charge or on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov, and the reports we file that are published by the SIX Swiss Exchange may be accessed at https://www. .com/en/resources/notifications- / .html. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 12 Ta b le of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors summarized and disclosed below could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may cause volatility in the price of our shares. These are not all the risks we face, and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. See also the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part II, Item 1C "Cybersecurity," Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes. Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business • If we fail to innovate and develop new products in a timely and manner, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we do not successfully execute on our growth opportunities, or if our growth opportunities are more limited than we expect, our operating results and future growth could be adversely affected. • Our principal manufacturing operations and contract manufacturers are located in China and Southeast Asia, which exposes us to risks associated with doing business in that geographic area as well as changes in tariffs, adverse trade regulations, adverse tax consequences and pressure to move or diversify our manufacturing locations. • If we do not successfully coordinate the worldwide manufacturing and distribution of our products, we could lose sales and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • We purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages or significant price increases of required components or materials. • We use artificial intelligence ("AI") in our business, and challenges relating to the development and use of AI could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, cybersecurity risks, and legal liability, and could adversely affect our results of operations. • We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Disruption of, or changes to, our relationship with these channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. • If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if our brands or reputation are damaged, our reputation, business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we do not compete effectively, demand for our products could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we do not accurately forecast market demand for our products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • Our business depends in part on access to platforms or technologies, and if access thereto is withdrawn, denied, or is not available on terms acceptable to us, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • Our success depends on our ability to manage, hire, integrate and motivate sufficient numbers of qualified personnel, including senior leadership, and to retain key personnel who may be difficult to replace. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 13 Ta b le of Contents • As we focus on growth opportunities, we may divest or discontinue product categories, or pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, which could have an adverse impact on our business. • As we continue our efforts to scale, lower our costs and improve our operational efficiency, we may not fully realize our goals. • Product quality issues could adversely affect our reputation, business and operating results. Risks Related to the Global Nature of our Operations and the Regulatory Environment • Adverse global and regional economic and geopolitical conditions can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. • We conduct operations and have invested significantly in growing our sales and marketing activities in a number of countries, and the effect of business, legal and political risks associated with international operations could adversely affect us. • Changes in trade policy and regulations, including changes in trade agreements, the imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions, and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates. • We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social and governance ("ESG") activities and disclosures. • As a company operating in many markets and jurisdictions, expanding into new growth categories, and engaging in acquisitions, and as a Swiss, company, we are subject to risks associated with new, existing and potential future laws and regulations. • Our effective income tax rates may increase and we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our net income and cash flows. • We maintain cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions and are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by such financial institutions. Risks Related to Confidential Information, Cybersecurity, Privacy and Intellectual Property • Losses or unauthorized access to, or releases of, confidential information could adversely affect our business and result in significant reputational, financial and legal consequences. • The collection, storage, transmission, use and distribution of personal data could give rise to liabilities and additional costs of operation as a result of laws, governmental regulation and risks of data breaches and security incidents. • Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology could adversely affect our business. • We may be unable to protect our proprietary rights. Unauthorized use of our technology may result in the development of products that compete with our products. Risks Related to our Financial Results • Our operating results are difficult to predict and fluctuations in results may cause volatility in the price of our shares. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 14 Ta b le of Contents • Our gross margins can vary significantly depending on multiple factors, which can result in unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results. • There are risks associated with any outstanding and future indebtedness. • We cannot ensure that our share repurchase programs will be fully utilized or that it will enhance shareholder value. We similarly cannot ensure that we will continue to increase our dividend payments or to pay dividends at all. Share repurchases and dividends diminish our cash reserves. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business If we fail to innovate and develop new products in a timely and manner, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our product categories are characterized by short product life cycles, intense competition, frequent new product and feature introductions, rapidly changing technology, dynamic consumer demand and evolving industry standards. As a result, we must continually innovate in our new and existing product categories, introduce new products and technologies, and enhance existing products to remain competitive. The success of our product portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to: • Identify new features, functionality and opportunities; • Anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences; • Develop innovative, , and reliable new hardware products and enhancements in a and timely manner; • Distinguish our products from those of our competitors; and • Offer our products at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers and consumers. The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. The development process also can be lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research and development, tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory and marketing, and we may not be able to recover those investments. If we fail to accurately anticipate technological trends or our users’ needs or preferences, are unable to complete the development of hardware products and services in a and timely fashion or are unable to appropriately increase production to fulfill customer demand, we will be unable to successfully introduce new products and services into the market or compete with other providers. Even if we complete the development of our new products and services in a and timely manner, they may not be competitive with products developed by others, they may not achieve acceptance in the market at anticipated levels or at all, they may not be profitable or, even if they are profitable, they may not achieve margins as high as our expectations or as high as the margins we have achieved historically. As we introduce new or enhanced products, integrate new technology into new or existing products, or reduce the overall number of products offered, we face risks including, among other things, disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, excessive levels of new and existing product inventories, revenue deterioration in our existing product lines, insufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demand, possible product and technology defects, and a potentially different sales and support environment. Premature announcements or leaks of new products, features or technologies may exacerbate some of these risks by reducing the effectiveness of our product launches, reducing sales volumes of current products due to anticipated future products, making it more difficult to compete, shortening the period of differentiation based on our product innovation, straining relationships with our partners or increasing market expectations for the results of our new products before we have had an opportunity to demonstrate the market viability of the products. Our failure to manage the transition to new products and services or the integration of new technology into new or existing products and services could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 15 Ta b le of Contents If we do not successfully execute on our growth opportunities, or if our growth opportunities are more limited than we expect, our operating results and future growth could be adversely affected. Our future growth depends on growth opportunities and as a result, we are attempting to diversify our product category portfolio. Our investments may not result in the growth we expect, or when we expect it, for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, changes in growth trends, evolving and changing markets and increasing competition, market opportunities, and product innovation. The growth opportunities we may pursue are subject to constant and rapidly changing and evolving technologies and evolving industry standards and may be replaced by new technology concepts or platforms. Some of these growth categories and opportunities are also characterized by short product cycles, frequent new product and feature introductions and enhancements and rapidly changing and evolving consumer preferences with respect to design and features that require calculated and fast responsiveness and result in short opportunities to establish a market presence. In addition, some of these growth categories and opportunities are characterized by price competition, erosion of segments and average selling prices, commoditization, and sensitivity to general economic conditions and cyclical downturns. We are at risk of competitors coming to market with more innovative products that are more attractive to customers than ours or priced more competitively. If we do not develop innovative and reliable product offerings and enhancements in a and timely manner that are attractive to consumers in these markets, if we are otherwise unsuccessful entering and competing in these growth categories or responding to our many competitors and to the rapidly changing conditions in these growth categories, if the growth categories in which we invest our limited resources do not emerge as the opportunities or do not produce the growth or profitability we expect, or when we expect it, or if we do not correctly anticipate changes and evolutions in technology and platforms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we rely on our capability to leverage those growth opportunities, market our products and compete effectively with a goal of strengthening our sales. If we are not able to develop and maintain our capabilities and processes, in particular the continued development of our enterprise salesforce and strategy, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our principal manufacturing operations and contract manufacturers are located in China and Southeast Asia, which exposes us to risks associated with doing business in that geographic area as well as changes in tariffs, adverse trade regulations, adverse tax consequences and pressure to move or diversify our manufacturing locations. We produce approximately 35% of our products at the facilities we own in China. The majority of our other production is performed by contract manufacturers, including original design manufacturers in China, Vietnam, Thailand, Mexico, Malaysia, and Taiwan. Our manufacturing operations in China have been in the past and could in the future be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation and enforcement of legal standards, strains on China’s available labor pool, changes in labor costs and other employment dynamics, high turnover among Chinese employees, infrastructure issues, issues, intellectual property and technology restrictions, currency transfer restrictions, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, conflicts or disagreements between China and Taiwan or China and the United States, labor unrest, and other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to those in the United States and Europe. Interpretation and enforcement of China’s laws and regulations continue to evolve, and we expect differences in interpretation and enforcement to continue in the foreseeable future. Our manufacturing operations at contractors could be adversely affected by contractual disagreements; labor unrest; natural disasters; regional or global pandemics; wars and armed conflicts; strains on local communications; trade; and other infrastructures; competition for the available labor pool or manufacturing capacity; increasing labor and other costs; and other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to those in the United States and Europe. Further, we have been exposed in the past and may in the future be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the local currency in the countries in which manufacturing occurs. Future appreciation of these local currencies could increase our component and other raw material costs. In addition, our labor costs could continue to rise as wage rates increase and the available labor pool declines. These conditions could adversely affect our financial results. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 16 Ta b le of Contents If we do not successfully coordinate the worldwide manufacturing and distribution of our products, we could lose sales and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. If we do not successfully coordinate the timely manufacturing and distribution of our products, if our manufacturers, distribution logistics providers or transport providers are not able to successfully and timely process our business or if we do not receive timely and accurate information from such providers, and especially if we expand into new product categories or our business grows in volume, we may have an insufficient supply of products to meet customer demand or experience a in inventory. As a result, we could lose sales or incur additional costs which could adversely affect our financial performance. By locating our manufacturing primarily in China and Southeast Asia, we are reliant on third parties to get our products to distributors around the world. Transportation costs, fuel costs, labor unrest, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, military conflicts, and other adverse effects on our ability, timing and cost of delivering products can increase our inventory, decrease our margins, adversely affect our relationships with distributors and other customers and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, the recent armed conflict in the Middle East has disrupted the supply to our distribution center in Dubai, which serves the EMEA region, and has impacted our distribution partners' ability to reach customers in the region. A significant portion of our quarterly retail orders and product deliveries generally occur in the last weeks of the fiscal quarter. This places pressure on our supply chain and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability if we are unable to successfully fulfill customer orders. We purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages or significant price increases of required components or materials. We purchase certain products and key components from a limited number of sources and geographic areas and are therefore subject to significant supply and pricing risks. If the supply of these products or key components were to be delayed or constrained or if prices increase significantly, impacted by increased demand and/or by global shortages, including of semiconductor chips, or if one or more of our suppliers experience disruptions or go out of business as a result of adverse global economic conditions, adverse global or regional geopolitical conditions, natural disasters or regional or global pandemics, we might be unable to find a new supplier on acceptable terms or at acceptable prices, or at all, and our product shipments to our customers could be delayed or product costs rise, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for a component, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced and may experience again, component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors, such as microcontrollers and optical sensors, and base metals used in our products. We have been impacted by the increases in demand for memory chips and other components caused by the build out of new AI technologies and data centers, leading to a rise in prices for such components and some suppliers transitioning capacity away from certain components utilized in our products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components, materials, or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components, materials, or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could affect availability of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We use artificial intelligence (“AI”) in our business, and challenges relating to the development and use of AI could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, cybersecurity risks, and legal liability, and could adversely affect our results of operations. We use AI solutions internally for business purposes and also in certain offerings, including making AI tools available in our products, and we may in the future incorporate additional AI solutions into our offerings. AI technologies are complex and evolving rapidly, and we face significant competition from other companies. If our competitors or others are able to use or leverage AI more rapidly or more successfully than us, our ability to compete effectively could be impaired, we may fail to recoup our investments in AI, and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 17 Ta b le of Contents AI solutions may use algorithms, datasets or training methodologies that are incomplete, reflect biases, or contain other flaws or deficiencies. AI solutions may create output that appears correct but is inaccurate, biased or otherwise flawed, or that infringes or otherwise violates intellectual property or other rights. Our integration of AI solutions internally for business purposes and into our offerings also introduces unique cybersecurity risks, including gaining unauthorized access to our products, adversarial attacks intended to deceive or 'poison' AI models, and model extraction attempts to steal our proprietary algorithms. We also face risks of employees using unauthorized AI tools that have not been vetted and approved by us and inadvertently disclosing confidential information to such AI platforms. As threats become more automated and sophisticated, they may bypass traditional security controls at a speed and scale that exceeds our ability to respond, potentially leading to significant operational disruption or the loss of sensitive intellectual property. We may not be able to control the development, maintenance or behavior of AI solutions, including the autonomous actions of AI agents or the security of foundational models, and these AI solutions may be used inappropriately or introduce novel vulnerabilities into our software via code. We, and providers of any AI solutions we may make available in our applications, may lack sufficient rights with respect to data or other material or content used in or produced by AI solutions. There is no guarantee that any contractual or other protections we seek to implement will be sufficient to protect us from risks presented by these solutions. The rapid evolution of AI and the regulatory and policy landscapes concerning AI also present numerous risks. Several jurisdictions around the world have introduced or enacted legislation relating to AI, and regulators have issued policy statements relating to the use and development of AI. New laws and regulations, or existing laws and regulations, may be interpreted in ways that conflict with or otherwise impact our approach to AI and use of AI solutions. While we have worked to take a responsible approach to the development and use of AI, we anticipate that it will require significant resources going forward. We could be required to modify our approach to AI, including our development practices, user consent methods, other policies or practices, or AI solutions we may offer within our solutions. More generally, our approach to AI, including any AI solutions that we may incorporate or otherwise make available within our offerings, may expose us to claims, demands and litigation, regulatory inquiries, enforcement actions or other proceedings, fines, penalties and other liabilities, negative publicity, reputational harm and competitive harm. Any of these may adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Disruption of, or changes to, our relationship with these channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We primarily sell our products to a variety of distributors, retailers, e-tailers and enterprise customers (together with our channel partners). We are dependent on our distributors to distribute and sell our products to indirect sales channel partners who will ultimately resell to businesses, vertical customers and consumers. The sales and business practices of all such sales channel partners, their compliance with laws and regulations, and their reputations - of which we may or may not be aware - may affect our business and our reputation. While our overall distribution relationships are diffuse, in fiscal years 2026 and 2025 ou r gross sales were concentrated with three customers - Amazon, Ingram Micro and TD Synnex - and their affiliated entities. We do not have commitments with those customers. If online sales grow as a percentage of overall sales, we expect that our reliance on Amazon would increase. While we believe that we have good relationships with Amazon, Ingram Micro and TD Synnex, any adverse change in those relationships could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The impact of economic conditions, labor issues, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, evolving consumer preferences, and purchasing patterns on our distribution partners, or competition between our sales channels, could result in sales channel disruption. Any loss of a major partner or distribution channel or other channel disruption could make us more dependent on alternate channels, increase pricing and promotional pressures from other partners and distribution channels, increase our marketing costs, or adversely impact buying and inventory patterns, payment terms or other contractual terms, or delivery of our products to consumers, our reputation and brand equity, or our market share. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 18 Ta b le of Contents Our sales channel partners also sell products offered by our competitors and, in the case of retailer house brands, may also be our competitors. If product competitors offer our sales channel partners more favorable terms, have more products available to meet their needs, or utilize the leverage of broader product lines sold through the channel, or if our sales channel partners show preference for their own house brands, our sales channel partners may or decline to carry our products. In addition, certain of our sales channel partners could decide to the product categories that we offer in exchange for other product categories that they believe provide them with higher returns. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with these sales channel partners or to maintain our distribution channels, our business could suffer. As we expand into new product categories and markets in pursuit of growth, we will have to build relationships with new channel partners and adapt to new distribution and marketing models. These new partners, practices and models may require significant management attention and operational resources and may affect our accounting, including revenue recognition, gross margins, and the ability to make comparisons from period to period. Certain product categories, such as Video Collaboration, also require that we further build and scale our own enterprise sales force. Several of our competitors already have large enterprise sales forces and experience and success with that sales model. If we are unable to build successful distribution channels, build and scale our own enterprise sales force, or successfully market our products in these new product categories, we may not be able to take advantage of the growth opportunities, and our business and our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected. We reserve for cooperative marketing arrangements, incentive programs and pricing programs with our sales channel partners. These reserves are based on judgments and estimates, using historical experience rates, inventory levels in distribution, current trends and other factors. There could be significant differences between the actual costs of such arrangements and programs and our estimates. We use data, which represents sales of our products by our direct retailer and e-tailer customers to consumers, and by our distributor customers to their customers, along with other metrics, to assess consumer demand for our products. data is subject to limitations due to collection methods and the nature of the data and thus may not be an accurate indicator of actual consumer demand for our products. The customers supplying data vary by geographic region and from period to period, but typically represent a majority of our retail sales. In addition, we rely on channel inventory data from our sales channel partners. If we do not receive this information on a timely basis, if this information is not accurate, or if we do not properly interpret this information, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if our brands or reputation are damaged, our reputation, business and operating results could be adversely affected. We have developed value in our brands and have invested significantly in design and in our existing and new brands over the past several years. We believe that our design and brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business and that maintaining and enhancing our brands is important to our future growth and success. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will require significant investments and will depend largely on our future design, products and marketing, which may not be successful and may damage our brands. Our brands and reputation are also dependent on third parties, such as suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, retailers, product reviewers and the media as well as online consumer product reviews, consumer recommendations and referrals. It can take significant time, resources and expense to overcome negative publicity, reviews or perception. Any negative effect on our brands, regardless of whether it is in our control, could adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. If we do not compete effectively, demand for our products could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. The industry in which we operate is intensely competitive. Our product categories are dynamic; highly competitive and characterized by large, competitors with strong brand names and highly effective research and development, marketing and sales capabilities; short product life cycles; constantly evolving industry standards and perpetual new demands for features and performance; continual performance enhancements; and rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors in our retail markets. We have experienced aggressive price competition and other promotional activities from our primary competitors and brands, including brands owned by some retail customers known as house brands. As we shift the focus of our marketing efforts in certain categories from a push model to a more , Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2026 Form 10-K | 19 Ta b le of Contents approach, the pressures from this competition and from our distribution channels, combined with the implementation risks of such a strategy shift, could adversely affect our competitive position, market share and business. In addition, our competitors may offer customers terms and conditions that may be more favorable than our terms and conditions and may require us to take actions to maintain or increase our customer incentive programs, which could impact our revenues and operating margins. Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon are leading producers of operating systems, hardware, platforms and applications with which our mice, keyboards, wireless speakers and other products are designed to operate. As a result, Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon each may be able to improve the functionality of its own products, if any, or may choose to show preference to our competitors' products, to correspond with ongoing enhancements to its operating systems, hardware and software applications before we are able to make such improvements. This ability could provide Microsoft, Apple, Google, Amazon or other competitors with significant advantages. In addition, Microsoft, Apple, Google, Amazon or other competitors may be able to control distribution channels or offer pricing advantages on bundled hardware and software products that we may not be able to offer, and may be financially positioned to exert significant downward pressure on product prices and upward pressure on promotional incentives to gain market share. If we are not able to increase our software and services capability to enhance hardware product experiences and offer attractive product pricing, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. For add

[truncated]