Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 39 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 53 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 53 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 53 Item 9B. Other Information 54 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 54 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 56 Item 11. Executive Compensation 56 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 56 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 56 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 56 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 57 Signatures In this document, unless otherwise indicated, references to the "Company," "Logitech," "we," "our," and "us" are to Logitech International S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, all references to U.S. Dollar, Dollar or $ are to the United States Dollar, the legal currency of the United States of America. All references to CHF are to the Swiss Franc, the legal currency of Switzerland. Logitech, the Logitech logo, and the Logitech products referred to herein are either the trademarks or the registered trademarks of Logitech. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The Company's fiscal year ends on March 31. Interim quarters are generally periods, each ending on a Friday. For purposes of presentation, the Company has indicated its quarterly periods end on the last day of the calendar quarter. The term “Sales” means net sales, except as otherwise specified. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 1 Table of Contents All references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only, and the content of such websites do not constitute a part of and are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 2 Table of Contents INFORMATION This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains " statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements are based on beliefs of our management as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These statements include, among other things, statements related to: • Our strategy for growth, future revenues, earnings, cash flow, uses of cash and other measures of financial performance, and market position; • Our business strategy and investment priorities in relation to evolving consumer and enterprise demand trends, competitive landscape and current and future worldwide geopolitical, economic and capital market conditions, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, economic downturns, and disruptions in global logistics; • Changes in trade regulations, policies and agreements and the imposition of tariffs that affect our products or operations, including potential new tariffs that may be imposed on U.S. imports, and our ability to mitigate; • , secular trends that impact our product categories; • The evolution and adoption of artificial intelligence (“AI”), its impact on our industry and related risks and opportunities for our business; • Our expectations regarding any restructuring efforts, including the timing or effectiveness thereof; • The scope, nature or impact of any acquisition, strategic alliance, and divestiture activities; • Our expectations regarding the success of any strategic acquisitions, including integration of acquired operations, products, technology, internal controls, personnel and management teams; • Our expectations regarding our effective tax rate, future tax benefits, tax settlements, the adequacy of our provisions for uncertain tax positions; • Our expectations regarding our potential indemnification obligations, and the outcome of pending or future legal proceedings and tax audits; • Our business development, product development and innovation, and their impact on future operating results and anticipated operating costs for fiscal year 2026 and beyond; • Opportunities for growth and our ability to execute on and take advantage of them, including our marketing initiatives and strategy and our expectations regarding the success thereof; • Our expectations regarding our share repurchase and dividend programs; • The sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available borrowings under our Credit Agreement and our bank lines of credit to fund capital expenditures and working capital needs, and our ability to comply with our obligations under such debt agreements; and • The effects of environmental and other laws and regulations in the United States and other countries in which we operate. statements also include, among others, those statements including the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "predict," "should," "will" and similar language. These statements reflect our views and assumptions as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual performance to differ materially from those anticipated in the statements depending on a variety of factors. Important information as to these factors can be found in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Overview of our Company,” “Critical Accounting Estimates” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources,” among others. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A "Risk Factors," as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or "SEC." You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Company Overview Founded in 1981, and headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland, Logitech International is a Swiss public company listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (LOGN) and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (LOGI). Logitech’s website address is www.logitech.com. Logitech designs hardware solutions that help businesses thrive and bring people together when working, creating and gaming. As the point of connection between people and the digital world, our mission is to extend human potential in work and play, in a way that is good for people and the planet. We sell the vast majority of our products under the Logitech and Logitech G brand names. Our diverse, innovative portfolio includes: Gaming, Keyboards & Combos, Pointing Devices, Video Collaboration, Webcams, Tablet Accessories, and Headsets. These products are all classified under a single operating segment: Peripherals (see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements). They are compatible with many cloud or services: video conferencing platforms (e.g. Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Google Meet); esports or video games (e.g. League of Legends, Call of Duty, Valorant); music streaming platforms (e.g. Spotify, Apple Music); content streaming platforms (e.g. Twitch, YouTube); and creativity and productivity platforms (e.g. Google Workplace, Adobe Creative Cloud). Our products are also enhanced through software, including machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI). We sell our products to a broad range of international customers, in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA") and Asia Pacific. This includes direct sales to retailers, e-tailers, businesses large and small and end consumers through our e-commerce platform, and indirect sales to end customers through distributors. From time to time, we may seek to partner with or acquire, when appropriate, companies that have products, personnel, and technologies that complement our strategic direction. We continually review our product offerings and our strategic direction in light of our profitability targets, competitive conditions, changing consumer trends and the evolving nature of the interface between the consumer and the digital world. Business Strategy Logitech's strategy includes the following core priorities: • Work and Play: We plan to continue to innovate and grow in the core markets in which we compete today while also expanding into other macro spaces of Work and Play. We have an opportunity to sell our current product categories into broader sectors of Work including Education, Healthcare, and the Public Sector, while also exploring opportunities to expand into other areas of Play beyond Gaming; • , hardware: We focus on , hardware, and the services that come with it; • ("B2C") and ("B2B"): We plan to continue to invest in growth of our B2C business while increasing our focus on our B2B business, including sales coverage, product design, and services; • Geographic opportunities: We plan to leverage geographic opportunities and expand our presence; and • Iconic brand: We plan to continue building an iconic Logitech brand. Environmental Sustainability Logitech considers the environmental impacts of our products, operations, and value chain from the sourcing of raw materials through to the of our products. We design for sustainability by striving to use innovative materials, technologies and processes that reduce carbon emissions and elevate circular solutions. We continue to transition our manufacturing and supply chain to renewable energy and we aim to eliminate waste and extend the life of products. Logitech also actively supports the use of recycled materials and component recovery for reuse, as well as product repair and recycling, in order to address the need for conservation of natural resources. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 4 Table of Contents Products Logitech designs, manufactures and sells products that help businesses thrive and bring people together when working, creating, and gaming. Gaming Logitech G provides products for gamers and streamers, including gaming mice, steering wheels, headsets and keyboards, as well as microphones and streaming services. Incorporating innovative design and advanced technologies, some of the key products and solutions in this category include: • The Logitech G Pro X Superlight 2 Wireless Gaming Mouse that was designed in collaboration with the world's top esports professionals, featuring our LIGHTSPEED TM professional grade wireless technology, and weighing in at less than 63 grams. • The Logitech Pro Racing Wheel that features our exclusive TRUEFORCE feedback system that connects directly to physics, and our new Direct Drive motor. • The Logitech Pro X 2 Lightspeed Wireless Headset that features sound, LIGHTSPEED TM wireless, and an emphasis on comfort. • The ASTRO 50X Wireless Headset which is compatible with PC, Xbox Series X|S, PlayStation5, and Nintendo Switch, as well as mobile and portable gaming devices, and features our unique PLAYSYNC technology that enables gamers to seamlessly switch between multiple consoles. • Streamlabs services which provide streaming and monetization tools for content creators to manage their audience and broadcast. Keyboards & Combos Logitech offers a variety of corded and cordless keyboards and combos ( combinations). Some of our key products in this category include: • The Logitech MX Keys Wireless keyboard, a premium backlit keyboard with customizable keys to directly access menus and shortcuts within leading creativity and productivity apps. We also have the MX Keys mini wireless keyboard which is ideal for smaller spaces and for creators and the Logitech MX mechanical wireless keyboard. • The Logitech Wireless Combo MK270, a reliable entry level keyboard and mouse combination with a tiny plug and play USB receiver. The Logitech Wireless Combo MK295 Silent is an upgraded version with silent typing and clicking due to our SilentTouch technology. • In fiscal year 2025, we launched a new product, MX Creative console, which is a versatile tool designed for creative professionals such as graphic designers, video editors, and photographers. It features a customizable keypad with LCD keys and a tactile dialpad for precise control, allowing users to streamline their workflow by automating tasks and accessing essential tools quickly. The console integrates seamlessly with popular Adobe applications such as Photoshop, Lightroom, Premiere Pro, and more. With the Logi Options+ software, users can personalize controls and set up profiles for different applications, positioning it as an appealing tool for creatives seeking intuitive and editing solutions. Pointing Devices Logitech offers a variety of pointing devices. Some of our key products in this category include: • The Logitech MX Master 3S and MX Anywhere 3S wireless mice, our flagship wireless mouse products, enabled with Logitech Flow control software and Logi Bolt system connectivity, these products represent the new paradigm for precise, fast, comfortable digital navigation and digital creativity. • The Logitech Signature M650 Wireless Mouse, which introduced Smartwheel for precise and fast scrolling, and clicks silently due to our SilentTouch technology, has an 18-month battery life, dual connectivity with Bluetooth and Logi Bolt, compatible with nearly all operating systems, and comfortable design, and is available in Large, Medium and versions. • The Logitech Lift, a vertical mouse with Logi Bolt wireless technology and the new smart wheel available in right and version. • The Logitech Wireless Mouse M185, a reliable wireless mouse with comfortable shape and compact design. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 5 Table of Contents • The Logitech Wireless Mouse M220 Silent is an upgraded version of the M185 with silent clicking due to our SilentTouch technology. Video Collaboration The Video Collaboration category includes Logitech’s conference room cameras (“ConferenceCams”), which combine affordable audio and high definition ("HD") 4K video to bring video conferencing to a variety of room sizes. Our key products in this category include: • The Logitech Rally Bar family of ConferenceCams, consisting of Rally Bar, Rally Bar Huddle, and Rally Bar Mini, which is our premier family of video bars with computing capabilities for small, midsize and large rooms, providing brilliant video, audio, and the flexibility to deploy in PC or appliance mode. • The Logitech Rally and Logitech MeetUp ConferenceCams that can plug and play with any computing device including PC, Mac and Chromebook. Logitech Rally offers video conferencing with Ultra HD 4K video and professional audio that easily turns medium- to conference rooms into collaboration rooms. Logitech MeetUp is designed for huddle rooms and features a 120° field of view ("FOV"), 4K optics and exceptional audio performance. • The Logitech Tap controller, which connects to any computer through USB and serves as an ideal controller for video conferencing room solutions from Google®, Microsoft®, and Zoom. • The Logitech Sight, a tabletop companion camera with intelligent framing through front and center views. • The recently launched Logitech Rally Board 65, an video conferencing solution that combines crystal clear video, powerful audio, and features, all integrated into a single 65-inch touchscreen. • Along with these key products this category also includes a full portfolio of accessories such as microphones and cables to enable easy to deploy and customizable configurations. Webcams Our Webcams category includes webcams including streaming cameras, and VC webcams that turn any desktop into an instant collaboration space. Our webcams are targeted primarily at video conferencing users purchasing for individual use. Key market drivers include upgrades of video conferencing setups and purchase of webcams to create and share content via such platforms as YouTube, Twitch or TikTok. The Brio 100, Logitech HD Pro Webcam C920, C922 and Brio 4K Pro Webcam and our flagship MX Brio Ultra HD 4K Webcam are the key products in this category that are designed to meet the various needs of our audiences. Tablet Accessories Our Tablet Accessories category primarily includes tablet keyboards. These products are mostly for iPads but are also for select Samsung and other Android tablets. Some of our key products in this category include : • The Combo Touch for various iPad Pro models is our flagship design offering a backlit keyboard, kickstand for flexible viewing angles, and a trackpad for gestures, clicks, and navigation. The Combo Touch uses Smart Connector technology to connect to the iPad seamlessly, with no need for batteries or Bluetooth pairing. • The Rugged offers a more protective folio or combo for iPad 9th and 10th generations, with a securely sealed wipeable fabric keyboard powered by Smart Connector, a rugged and protective holder, and an kickstand to allow multiple viewing angles. A version made for the Education sector is also available. • The Logitech Slim Folio Keyboard for iPad 9th and 10th generations, offers a Bluetooth backlit keyboard with a folio design for optimal working and viewing angle, light front and back protection and a digital pen holder. • The Logitech Crayon is a digital pen for all iPad models from 2018. It's powered by Apple Pencil technology, so there is no need to pair it via Bluetooth. Users can just turn it on and write, sketch, or annotate on any iPad. Headsets Our Headsets category includes PC and VC headsets, headphones, and premium wireless earbuds. Some of our key products in this category include the H390 USB Computer Headset, Zone 300, and the Zone Vibe Wireless. Zone Vibe Wireless is fairly unique as a B2B Headset, providing a circumaural fit at a low price point. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 6 Table of Contents Other Our Other category primarily consists of mobile speakers and PC speakers. Our mobile speakers are a portfolio of portable wireless Bluetooth speakers for music on the go. Our key products within the collection of portable Bluetooth speakers included WONDERBOOM4, BOOM4, and MEGABOOM4. Sales and Distribution Our sales and marketing activities are organized into three geographic regions: the Americas (North and South America), EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) and Asia Pacific (China, Australia, Japan, India, Korea, Taiwan and other countries). For revenue by geographic region, see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. Logitech has an extensive global network that is leveraged to optimize the value of our existing products and product categories as well as to introduce new products and enter new product categories. We sell our products primarily to a variety of distributors, retailers and e-tailers. We support these channels with our direct sales force and distribution centers located in all three geographic regions. Our distributor customers typically resell products to retailers, resellers, systems integrators and other distributors with whom Logitech does not have a direct relationship. As we have increased our investments in the B2B channel in recent years, we have expanded our enterprise sales coverage through our sales force as well as various channel partners. Expansion into new channels enables more opportunities across our broad product portfolio. Logitech's products can be purchased in a number of major retail chains, where we typically have access to significant shelf space. In addition, Logitech products can be purchased online either directly or indirectly from Logitech.com or through e-tailers, the websites of our major retail chains, and other online and social channels. Logitech products are also carried by B2B direct market resellers. In fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, Amazon Inc. and its affiliated entities together accounted for 19% , 18% and 19% of our gross sales, respectively. In fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, Ingram Micro Inc. and its affiliated entities together accounted for 14% , 13% and 13% of our gross sales, respectively. TD Synnex and its affiliated entities together accounted for 12% , 14%, and 15% of our gross sales in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. No other customer individually accounted for more than 10% of our gross sales in fiscal years 2025, 2024 or 2023. Seasonality We experience seasonal trends related to our product sales. Sales are generally highest during our third fiscal quarter (October to December) primarily due to increased consumer demand during the holiday season and increased spending by enterprises in the months nearing the calendar . Cash flow is correspondingly lower in the first half of our fiscal year as we typically build inventories in advance of our third fiscal quarter and we also pay an annual dividend following our Annual General Meeting typically held in September. Materials We purchase certain products and key components used in our products from a limited number of sources. Lead times for materials, components, and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for a component, our ability to forecast product demand, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors, such as and optical sensors, and base metals used in our products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay shipment of our products or increase our production costs. Operations Logitech’s operations capability consists of a diversified manufacturing footprint across six countries that includes an manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China and contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers (principally in Asia), which allows us to effectively respond to rapidly changing demand and leverage economies of scale. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 7 Table of Contents Our Suzhou operation, which currently handles approximately 35% of our total production of products, provides manufacturing , intellectual property protection and variable production capacity which gives us flexibility to quickly adjust production levels to align with shifts in demand. In addition, by combining and outsourced manufacturing capabilities, we can reduce volatility in production volumes as well as improve time to market. Both our and outsourced manufacturing operations are managed by our worldwide operations group. The worldwide operations group provides support throughout the product lifecycle from product development and sales and marketing to the management of distribution centers and the supply chain and logistics networks. We believe our diversified manufacturing footprint across six countries, our supply chain’s extensive global reach, our key distribution channels and strategic business relationships combined with our factory automation, extensive analytic modeling expertise, optimization tools and global processes are key competitive advantages. Marketing Across Logitech’s multiple product categories, we focus on enhancing our marketing capabilities around brand strategy and execution, digital marketing, and marketing technology. With our products and design as a foundation, our marketing demonstrates the relevancy of our products in the lives of our customers, focusing on specific and diverse audiences. We continue to increase our presence when and where our products and messages are most relevant, which enables us to drive brand value. Research and Development We recognize that continued investment in product research and development is critical to facilitate innovation of new and improved products, technologies and experiences. Our research and development expenses for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 were $309.0 million, $287.2 million and $280.8 million, respectively, which represents 6.8%, 6.7% and 6.2% of net sales, respectively. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to research and development, including devices for digital platforms, video communications, wireless technologies, power management, and user interfaces to sustain our competitive position. Design Logitech uses engineering as a strategic differentiator. Our key design centers are in Switzerland, Ireland, the United States, and Taiwan, where we have internal teams of designers who work in close collaboration with our engineering, product and manufacturing teams throughout our innovation process. This capability has driven the transformation of our portfolio over the years. We focus on designing products that bring delight to our users because they are innovative, intuitive, and deliver value. In addition, we design for sustainability to reduce the environmental impact of our products, operations, and value chain. Our design capabilities have consistently been recognized by iF, Red Dot and Good Design with broad based award wins across work, play and education products. Engineering Our expertise in key engineering disciplines such as sensors, acoustics, optics, wireless, and power management is a core competitive advantage of Logitech. Furthermore, we continue to extend our engineering capabilities into advanced technologies in software including AI, machine learning, cloud services, and mobile apps. Our engineering team has expertise in bringing together these many technologies, across hardware and software to develop an innovative portfolio. These engineering capabilities combined with our design team form the basis of Logitech's renowned innovation engine. Customer Service and Technical Support Our customer service organization provides user technical support, support related to product inquiry, and order support. We support these customer service functions with outsourced operations as well as support teams located in countries across the world. We also have centers in Asia, managed by third providers, where consumers may obtain service for their Logitech products. We provide support services to retail purchasers of our products through telephone, e-mail, forums, chat, and the Logitech Support website. In addition, for some of our product categories, dedicated support websites and dedicated internal support teams are available. To improve our customers' experience and operate efficiently, we use technology to facilitate chatbot interactions, enable and apply AI to optimize support searches. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 8 Table of Contents Logitech provides warranties on our branded products that range from one to three years. For our Video Collaboration category, we also offer bundled support services with Logitech Video Collaboration solutions that are sold through channel partners. Competition Our product categories are characterized by large, competitors, short product life cycles, continual performance enhancements, and rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors in our retail markets. We have experienced aggressive price competition and other promotional activities from our primary competitors and brands, including brands owned by some retail customers known as house brands. We may also encounter more competition if any of our competitors in one or more categories decide to enter other categories in which we currently operate. As we target opportunities in new categories and markets and as some of our product categories demonstrate growth, we are confronting new competitors, many of which may have more experience in the categories or markets and have greater marketing resources and brand name recognition than we have. In addition, because of the continuing convergence of the markets for computing devices and consumer electronics, there may be greater competition in the future from consumer electronics companies in our developing categories, as well as future categories we might enter. Many of these companies may have greater financial, technical, sales, marketing, and other resources than we have. We expect continued competitive pressure in our business, including in the terms and conditions that our competitors offer customers, which may be more favorable than our terms and conditions and may require us to take actions to increase our customer incentive programs, which could impact our sales and operating margins. Gaming Competitors for our gaming products include Razer Inc. ("Razer"), Corsair Gaming, Inc., SteelSeries (owned by GN Store Nord A/S (“GN”)), Turtle Beach Corporation and HyperX (owned by HP Inc. ("HP")), among others. Our competitors for Blue Microphones products include Rode Microphones LLC, Audio Technica Corporation, Samson Technologies Corp., Shure Incorporated, Razer and Apogee Electronics Corp., among others. Keyboards & Combos Apple Inc. ("Apple"), Dell Technologies ("Dell"), HP, Lenovo Group Ltd. ("Lenovo"), Elgato, Eweadn, Mchose, Keychron, Cherry and regional computer peripheral computer brands are the main competitors in our keyboard and combo product lines. We also experience competition and pricing pressure for corded and cordless keyboards and combos from brands, including house brands and local competitors in Asian markets, such as Shenzhen Rapoo Technology Co., Ltd. ("Shenzhen Rapoo"), IKBC, and Xiaomi Corporation ("Xiaomi"). Pointing Devices Apple, Microsoft, Lenovo, Dell, HP, and Cherry are our main competitors worldwide for pointing devices. We also experience competition and pricing pressure from brands, including house brands and local competitors in Asian markets, such as Elecom Co., Ltd., Buffalo Inc., Shenzhen Rapoo, and Xiaomi. Video Collaboration Our competitors for video collaboration products include Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), Poly (owned by HP), Jabra (owned by GN), AVer Information Inc., Neat, Yealink (Xiamen) Network Technology Co.Ltd, and Owl Labs, among others. Webcams Our primary competitors for webcams are HP, Dell, Lenovo and other manufacturers taking smaller market share such as Razer, HIKVision and Insta360. Tablet Accessories Competitors in the tablet accessories market are Apple, Zagg Inc. and other brands. Although we are one of the leaders in the tablet keyboard market and continue to bring innovative offerings to the market, we expect the competition may increase. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 9 Table of Contents Headsets For headsets, our main competitors include Poly, Jabra, and EPOS, among others. headphones competitors include Beats, Bose, Apple, Sony Corporation, JBL and Sennheiser, among others. Other Our competitors for Bluetooth wireless speakers include Bose Corporation ("Bose") and Harman International Industries, Inc ("Harman"), among others. Personal voice assistants and other devices that offer music, such as Sonos Inc., Amazon's Echo, Google Home (owned by Alphabet, Inc.) and Apple HomePod, also compete with our products. Amazon is also a significant customer of our products. For PC speakers, our competitors include Bose, Cyber Acoustics LLC, and Creative Labs, Inc., among others. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights Intellectual property rights that apply to Logitech's products and services include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets. We hold various United States patents and pending applications, together with corresponding patents and pending applications from other countries. While we believe that patent protection is important, we also believe that patents are of less competitive significance than factors such as technological innovation, ease of use, and quality design. No single patent is in itself essential to Logitech as a whole. From time to time, we receive claims that we may be infringing on patents or other intellectual property rights of others. As appropriate, claims are referred to legal counsel, and current claims are in various stages of evaluation and negotiation. If necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses for certain intellectual property rights. Refer also to the discussion in Item 1A "Risk Factors"—"We may be unable to protect our proprietary rights. Unauthorized use of our technology may result in the development of products that compete with our products." and "Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology could adversely affect our business." To distinguish genuine Logitech products from competing products and counterfeit products, Logitech has used, registered, or applied to register certain trademarks and trade names in the United States and other countries and jurisdictions. Logitech enforces its trademark and trade name rights in the United States and other countries. In addition, the software for Logitech's products and services is entitled to copyright protection, and we generally require our customers to obtain a software license before providing them with that software. We also protect details about our products and services as trade secrets through employee training, license and agreements, technical measures and other reasonable efforts to preserve confidentiality. Government Regulations We conduct operations in a number of countries and we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations which vary from country to country. Such laws and regulations include tax, import/export and laws, varying accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, import or export restrictions or licensing requirements, trade protection measures, custom duties, tariffs, import or export duties, and other trade barriers, restrictions and regulations. We also are subject to numerous environmental regulations, including in connection with targeted substances, such as laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites, the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and laws restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products; stewardship, such as stewardship directives including the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive, the Packaging Directive and the Battery Regulation, which require producers of electrical goods, packaging, and batteries to finance the collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of relevant products; or conflict minerals, such as the U.S. Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. While we incur increasing costs to comply with such government regulations, we do not believe that our compliance with such requirements will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, competitive position, consolidated results of operations, earnings, or cash flows. Nonetheless, the regulatory framework applicable to us becomes increasingly complex as new regulations, including environmental, become effective. While we monitor such regulations, we are unable to fully determine their impact, that could be substantial. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 10 Table of Contents For more information about such regulations and how they may impact us, see "Risks Related to Global Nature of our Operations and Regulatory Environment" in Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Note 7 Income Taxes in our Notes to consolidated financial statements below. Human Capital Resources Employees Our human capital resources include persons employed directly by us or indirectly through contingent workforce arrangements. As of March 31, 2025, we employed approximately 7,300 persons, of which approximately 2,300 were employed in our Suzhou manufacturing operations. This includes people employed directly by us, or indirectly through contingent workforce arrangements. None of Logitech's U.S. direct employees are represented by a labor union or are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Certain other countries, such as China, provide by law for employee rights, which include requirements similar to collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee relations are good. We rely on different programs and initiatives to support our goals. Some of our key human capital management programs are summarized below. Diversity and Inclusion We believe that reflecting the diverse world in which we live, through our people and by fostering an inclusive culture, fuels innovation. Our direct employees are located across Americas, EMEA and and bring a range of perspectives and skills to Logitech. As of March 31, 2025, 49% of our office employees were located in , 28% in the Americas, and 23% in EMEA. As of March 31, 2025, females represented 39% of our global office employees. In the U.S., underrepresented minorities (defined as Black or African American, Asian, Hispanic or Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander) represented 47% of our employees. To measure our employees’ satisfaction at Logitech, we distribute a employee engagement survey. Most recently, we conducted a survey in October 2024, in which 82% of our global office employees participated. As part of the survey, employees provided weighted feedback on their experience at Logitech, on measures such as happiness, retention and their perspective on our current state of workplace inclusivity at Logitech. Safety, Health and We look to safeguard the safety, health and of all members of the Logitech team. We implement training and communication programs across the business each year to ensure employee awareness of the importance of health and safety management and our key programs and provisions. To help us ensure the safety, health and of employees at our production facility in Suzhou, China, we follow the RBA Code of Conduct and have an Environmental, Health and Safety ("EHS") Management System that is certified to ISO 14001 and ISO 45001. We implement the RBA Code as a full supply chain initiative. Further, we operate an audit and verification program to verify compliance with the RBA code. We believe health and are critical to our employees' personal and professional success and provide, in addition to healthcare benefits, wellness tools, resources and programs designed to help employees achieve good physical, financial, emotional, intellectual and social . Talent Acquisition and Development Our geographic diversity gives Logitech an excellent foundation to recruit diverse talent from around the world. We believe that the entire talent process must be executed through a lens of equity and inclusion. We provide learning and development tools and resources to all our employees through our key programs. Our talent development program includes a dedicated training center at our production facility, a number of , leadership development, mentorship, coaching career development and team building programs that remain available remotely. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 11 Table of Contents Information About Our Executive Officers. The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of May 23, 2025: Name Age Nationality Position Johanna (Hanneke) Faber 56 Netherlands Chief Executive Officer Matteo Anversa 54 Italy, U.S. Chief Financial Officer Prakash Arunkundrum 50 U.S. President of Logitech for Business Samantha Harnett 49 U.S. Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Johanna (Hanneke) Faber joined Logitech as Chief Executive Officer in December 2023. Prior to joining Logitech, Ms. Faber served as President of the Global Nutrition Division at Unilever PLC, a multinational consumer goods company from July 2022 to November 2023, where she oversaw the Nutrition Business Group and was previously President of the Foods & Refreshment Division of Unilever from May 2019 to June 2022. She joined Unilever as a member of its Executive Committee in January 2018, serving as President Unilever Europe. Prior to Unilever, Ms. Faber was a member of the Executive Committee of Ahold Delhaize N.V., a global food retailer, from 2013 to 2017, serving first as Chief Commercial Officer and then as Chief E-Commerce and Innovation Officer. Ms. Faber has been a member of the board of directors and audit committee of Tapestry Inc., a luxury fashion and lifestyle brands holding company since 2021. Prior to her appointment as a board member at Tapestry, Ms. Faber served as supervisory board member of Bayer AG, a pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, from 2016 to 2021. Ms. Faber holds a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Houston (Texas, USA). Matteo Anversa joined Logitech as Chief Financial Officer in September 2024. Mr. Anversa served as Executive Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Gentherm Incorporated, a thermal management technology company, from January 2019 to August 2024. Prior to joining Gentherm, Mr. Anversa served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Myers Industries, Inc., an international manufacturer of material handling products and a distributor of tire repair and retread products, from December 2016 to December 2018. Prior to Myers Industries, Mr. Anversa worked since 2013 at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V., a global automobile manufacturer, where he held executive management positions, including Vice President, Group FP&A Fiat Chrysler and Chief Financial Officer for Ferrari SpA where he helped prepare Ferrari for its initial public offering. Mr. Anversa began his career with General Electric Company, a multinational conglomerate, where he held various leadership roles during his 16-year tenure. Mr. Anversa has served as a director of Gabelli Value for Italy, an Italian company listed on AIM Italia, from April 2018 through May 2020 and has been serving as a director of Strattec Security Corporation since October 2024. Mr. Anversa holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Parma, Italy. Prakash Arunkundrum is the President of Logitech for Business, a position he has held since March 2025. Mr. Arunkundrum most recently served as Logitech's Chief Operating Officer from 2023 to 2025 and as Head of Global Operations & Sustainability from May 2018 to January 2023. He joined Logitech in 2015 and held operations positions as Vice President New Product Introductions & Strategic Initiatives from August 2015 to July 2016 and Vice President Global Sourcing and New Product Introductions from July 2016 to May 2018. Prior to joining Logitech, Mr. Arunkundrum was a Principal at A.T. Kearney, a global management consulting firm, from July 2014 to August 2015. He also served as Director, Management Consulting at PricewaterhouseCoopers, a multinational professional services network of firms, from September 2011 to July 2014 and Principal at PRTM Management Consultants LLC, a management consulting firm acquired by PricewaterhouseCoopers, from March 2010 to September 2011. Prior to his management consulting roles, Mr. Arunkundrum held several management positions at i2 Technologies, a supply chain management company acquired by JDA Software, from March 2007 to February 2010. Early in his career, he held product management positions at supply chain startups and i2 Technologies. Mr. Arunkundrum holds a BTech degree in Chemical Engineering from Central ElectroChemical Research Institute ("CECRI") in Karaikudi, India and a Master of Science in Materials Engineering from University of Maryland at College Park. Samantha Harnett joined Logitech as General Counsel in June 2020 and became Chief Legal Officer in April 2023. Prior to joining Logitech, Ms. Harnett served in various legal and management roles at Eventbrite, Inc., a global ticketing and experience technology platform, including as Chief Legal and Operations Officer from October 2019 to June 2020. While at Eventbrite, she also served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel from May 2018 to October 2019 and Vice President, General Counsel from November 2015 to May 2018. From March 2005 to November 2015, Ms. Harnett served in various positions at ZipRealty, Inc., a real estate technology and Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 12 Table of Contents online brokerage company, including as General Counsel and Senior Vice President of Business Development from October 2009 to November 2015. She also served as an associate at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati, P.C. Ms. Harnett holds a BA degree from California State University, Chico and a JD from Santa Clara University School of Law. Available Information Our Investor Relations website is located at https://ir.logitech.com. We post and maintain an archive of our earnings and other press releases, current reports, annual and quarterly reports, earnings release schedule, information regarding annual general meetings, further information on corporate governance, and other information regarding the Company on the Investor Relations website. The information we post includes filings we make with the SEC, including reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, and our proxy statement related to our annual shareholders' meeting and any amendments to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to U.S. securities laws or Swiss laws. All such filings and information are available free of charge on the website, and we make them available on the website as soon as reasonably possible after we file or furnish them with the SEC. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file and our references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. In addition, Logitech publishes press releases upon the occurrence of significant events within Logitech. Shareholders and members of the public may elect to receive alerts when Logitech issues press releases upon the occurrence of significant events within Logitech or other press releases by subscribing through http://ir.logitech.com/alerts.cfm. As a Swiss company traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange, and as a company subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we file reports on transactions in Logitech securities by members of Logitech's Board of Directors and executive officers. The reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 3, 4 and 5, along with our other SEC filings, may be accessed on our website or on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov, and the reports we file that are published by the SIX Swiss Exchange may be accessed at https://www. .com/en/resources/notifications- / .html. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors summarized and disclosed below could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, and may cause volatility in the price of our shares. These are not all the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. See also the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part II, Item 1C "Cybersecurity", Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes. Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business • If we fail to innovate and develop new products in a timely and manner for our new and existing product categories, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we do not successfully execute on our growth opportunities, or if our growth opportunities are more limited than we expect, our operating results and future growth could be adversely affected. • Our principal manufacturing operations and contract manufacturers are located in China and Southeast Asia, which exposes us to risks associated with doing business in that geographic area as well as changes in tariffs, adverse trade regulations, adverse tax consequences and pressure to move or diversify our manufacturing locations. • If we do not successfully coordinate the worldwide manufacturing and distribution of our products, we could lose sales and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • We use artificial intelligence ("AI") in our business, and challenges relating to the development and use of AI, including generative AI, could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. • We purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages of required components. • We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Disruption of our relationship with these channel partners, changes in or issues with their business practices, their failure to provide timely and accurate information, changes in distribution partners, practices or models, conflicts among our channels of distribution, or failure to build and scale our own sales force for certain product categories and enterprise channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. • If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if our brands or reputation are damaged, our reputation, business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we do not compete effectively, demand for our products could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we do not accurately forecast market demand for our products, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • Our business depends in part on access to platforms or technologies, and if access thereto is withdrawn, denied, or is not available on terms acceptable to us, or if the platforms or technologies change without notice to us, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 14 Table of Contents • Our success largely depends on our ability to manage, hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient numbers of qualified personnel, including senior leadership. Our strategy and our ability to innovate, design and produce new products, market and sell products, maintain operating margins and control expenses depend on key personnel that may be difficult to replace. • As we focus on growth opportunities, we may divest or discontinue product categories, or pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, which could have an adverse impact on our business. • As we continue our efforts to scale, lower our costs and improve our operational efficiency, we may not fully realize our goals. • Product quality issues could adversely affect our reputation, business and operating results. Risks Related to Global Nature of our Operations and Regulatory Environment • Adverse global and regional economic and geopolitical conditions can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. • We conduct operations and have invested significantly in growing our sales and marketing activities in a number of countries, and the effect of business, legal and political risks associated with international operations could adversely affect us. • Changes in trade policy and regulations in the United States and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates. • We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social and governance ("ESG") activities and disclosures. • As a company operating in many markets and jurisdictions, expanding into new growth categories, and engaging in acquisitions, and as a Swiss, company, we are subject to risks associated with new, existing and potential future laws and regulations. • As a result of changes in tax laws, treaties, rulings, regulations or agreements, or their interpretation, of Switzerland or any other country in which we operate, the loss of a major tax dispute or a successful challenge to our operating structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in certain countries, or other factors, our effective income tax rates may increase, which could adversely affect our net income and cash flows. • We maintain cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions and are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by such financial institutions. Risks Related to Confidential Information, Cybersecurity, Privacy and Intellectual Property • Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information could adversely affect our business and result in significant reputational, financial and legal consequences. • The collection, storage, transmission, use and distribution of personal data could give rise to liabilities and additional costs of operation as a result of laws, governmental regulation and risks of data breaches and security incidents. Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 15 Table of Contents • Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology could adversely affect our business. • We may be unable to protect our proprietary rights. Unauthorized use of our technology may result in the development of products that compete with our products. Risks Related to our Financial Results • Our operating results are difficult to predict and fluctuations in results may cause volatility in the price of our shares. • Our gross margins can vary significantly depending on multiple factors, which can result in unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results. • There are risks associated with any outstanding and future indebtedness. • We cannot ensure that our share repurchase programs will be fully utilized or that it will enhance shareholder value. Share repurchases may also increase the volatility of our share price. We similarly cannot ensure that we will continue to increase our dividend payments or to pay dividends at all. Share repurchases and dividends diminish our cash reserves. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business If we fail to innovate and develop new products in a timely and manner for our new and existing product categories, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our product categories are characterized by short product life cycles, intense competition, frequent new product and feature introductions, rapidly changing technology, dynamic consumer demand and evolving industry standards. As a result, we must continually innovate in our new and existing product categories, introduce new products and technologies, and enhance existing products to remain competitive. The success of our product portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to: • Identify new features, functionality and opportunities; • Anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences; • Develop innovative, , and reliable new hardware products and enhancements in a and timely manner; • Distinguish our products from those of our competitors; and • Offer our products at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers and consumers. The development of new products and services can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. The development process also can be lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research and development, tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory and marketing, and we may not be able to recover those investments. If we fail to accurately anticipate technological trends or our users’ needs or preferences, are unable to complete the development of hardware products and services in a and timely fashion or are unable to appropriately increase production to fulfill customer demand, we will be unable to successfully introduce new products and services into the market or compete with other providers. Even if we complete the development of our new products and services in a and timely manner, they may not be competitive with products developed by others, they may not achieve acceptance in the market at anticipated levels or at all, they may not be profitable or, even if they are profitable, they may not achieve margins as high as our expectations or as high as the margins we have achieved historically. As we introduce new or enhanced products, integrate new technology into new or existing products, or reduce the overall number of products offered, we face risks including, among other things, disruption in customers’ Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 16 Table of Contents ordering patterns, excessive levels of new and existing product inventories, revenue deterioration in our existing product lines, insufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demand, possible product and technology defects, and a potentially different sales and support environment. Premature announcements or leaks of new products, features or technologies may exacerbate some of these risks by reducing the effectiveness of our product launches, reducing sales volumes of current products due to anticipated future products, making it more difficult to compete, shortening the period of differentiation based on our product innovation, straining relationships with our partners or increasing market expectations for the results of our new products before we have had an opportunity to demonstrate the market viability of the products. Our failure to manage the transition to new products and services or the integration of new technology into new or existing products and services could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. If we do not successfully execute on our growth opportunities, or if our growth opportunities are more limited than we expect, our operating results and future growth could be adversely affected. Our future growth depends on growth opportunities and as a result, we are attempting to diversify our product category portfolio. Our investments may not result in the growth we expect, or when we expect it, for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, changes in growth trends, evolving and changing markets and increasing competition, market opportunities, and product innovation. Our growth opportunities and those we may pursue are subject to constant and rapidly changing and evolving technologies and evolving industry standards and may be replaced by new technology concepts or platforms. Some of these growth categories and opportunities are also characterized by short product cycles, frequent new product and feature introductions and enhancements and rapidly changing and evolving consumer preferences with respect to design and features that require calculated and fast responsiveness and result in short opportunities to establish a market presence. In addition, some of these growth categories and opportunities are characterized by price competition, erosion of segments and average selling prices, commoditization, and sensitivity to general economic conditions and cyclical downturns. The growth opportunities and strength and number of competitors that we face in all of our product categories mean that we are at risk of new competitors coming to market with more innovative products that are more attractive to customers than ours or priced more competitively. If we do not develop innovative and reliable product offerings and enhancements in a and timely manner that are attractive to consumers in these markets, if we are otherwise unsuccessful entering and competing in these growth categories or responding to our many competitors and to the rapidly changing conditions in these growth categories, if the growth categories in which we invest our limited resources do not emerge as the opportunities or do not produce the growth or profitability we expect, or when we expect it, or if we do not correctly anticipate changes and evolutions in technology and platforms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we rely on our capability to leverage those growth opportunities, market our products and compete effectively with a goal of strengthening our sales. If we are not able to develop and maintain our capabilities and processes, in particular the continued development of our enterprise salesforce and strategy, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our principal manufacturing operations and contract manufacturers are located in China and Southeast Asia, which exposes us to risks associated with doing business in that geographic area as well as changes in tariffs, adverse trade regulations, adverse tax consequences and pressure to move or diversify our manufacturing locations. We produce approximately 35% of our products at the facilities we own in China. The majority of our other production is performed by contract manufacturers, including original design manufacturers in China, Vietnam, Thailand, Mexico, Malaysia, and Taiwan. Our manufacturing operations in China have been in the past and could in the future be adversely affected by global pandemics, changes in the interpretation and enforcement of legal standards, strains on China’s available labor pool, changes in labor costs and other employment dynamics, high turnover among Chinese employees, infrastructure issues, issues, intellectual property and technology restrictions, currency transfer restrictions, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, conflicts or disagreements between China and Taiwan or China and the United States, labor unrest, and other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 17 Table of Contents those in the United States and Europe. Interpretation and enforcement of China’s laws and regulations continue to evolve, and we expect differences in interpretation and enforcement to continue in the foreseeable future. Our manufacturing operations at contractors could be adversely affected by contractual disagreements, by labor unrest, by natural disasters, by regional or global pandemics, by wars and armed conflicts, by strains on local communications, trade, and other infrastructures, by competition for the available labor pool or manufacturing capacity, by increasing labor and other costs, and by other trade customs and practices that are dissimilar to those in the United States and Europe. Further, we have been exposed in the past and may in the future be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the local currency in the countries in which manufacturing occurs. Future appreciation of these local currencies could increase our component and other raw material costs. In addition, our labor costs could continue to rise as wage rates increase and the available labor pool declines. These conditions could adversely affect our financial results. If we do not successfully coordinate the worldwide manufacturing and distribution of our products, we could lose sales and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. If we do not successfully coordinate the timely manufacturing and distribution of our products, if our manufacturers, distribution logistics providers or transport providers are not able to successfully and timely process our business or if we do not receive timely and accurate information from such providers, and especially if we expand into new product categories or our business grows in volume, we may have an insufficient supply of products to meet customer demand or experience a in inventory. As a result, we could lose sales or incur additional costs which could adversely affect our financial performance. By locating our manufacturing in China and Southeast Asia, we are reliant on third parties to get our products to distributors around the world. Transportation costs, fuel costs, labor unrest, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, military conflicts, and other adverse effects on our ability, timing and cost of delivering products can increase our inventory, decrease our margins, adversely affect our relationships with distributors and other customers and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A significant portion of our quarterly retail orders and product deliveries generally occur in the last weeks of the fiscal quarter. This places pressure on our supply chain and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability if we are unable to successfully fulfill customer orders. We use artificial intelligence (“AI”) in our business, and challenges relating to the development and use of AI, including generative AI, could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations. We use AI solutions internally for business purposes and also in certain offerings, and we may in the future incorporate AI solutions, including generative AI, into our offerings. We also may make generative AI tools available in our applications. AI technologies are complex and evolving rapidly, and we face significant competition from other companies. If our competitors or others are able to use or leverage AI more rapidly or more successfully than us, our ability to compete effectively could be impaired, as a result of which our business and financial results could be adversely affected. AI solutions may use algorithms, datasets or training methodologies that are incomplete, reflect biases, or contain other flaws or deficiencies. AI solutions, including generative AI, may create output that appears correct but is inaccurate, biased or otherwise flawed, or that infringes or otherwise violates intellectual property or other rights. The use of AI may result in cybersecurity incidents that implicate the personal data of users of AI solutions as well as disclosure of our financial information or other confidential information. We, and providers of any AI solutions we may make available in our applications, may lack sufficient rights with respect to data or other material or content used in or produced by AI solutions. We may not be able to control the development, maintenance or behavior of AI solutions or how their providers obtain or otherwise process training or other data, and these AI solutions may be used inappropriately or irresponsibly. There is no guarantee that any contractual or other protections we seek to implement will be sufficient to protect us from risks presented by these solutions. The rapid evolution of AI and its regulatory and policy landscapes also present numerous risks. Several jurisdictions around the world have introduced or enacted legislation relating to AI, and regulators have issued policy Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 18 Table of Contents statements relating to the use and development of AI. New laws and regulations, or existing laws and regulations, may be interpreted in ways that conflict with or otherwise impact our approach to AI and use of AI solutions. While we have worked to take a responsible approach to the development and use of AI, we anticipate that it will require significant resources going forward. We could be required to modify our approach to AI, including our development practices, user consent methods, other policies or practices, or AI solutions we may offer within our solutions. More generally, our approach to AI, including any AI solutions that we may incorporate or otherwise make available within our offerings, may expose us to claims, demands and litigation, regulatory inquiries, enforcement actions or other proceedings, fines, penalties and other liabilities, negative publicity, reputational harm and competitive harm. Any of these may adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. See also "Risks Related to Confidential Information, Cybersecurity, Privacy and Intellectual Property” below. We purchase key components and products from a limited number of sources, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were shortages of required components. We purchase certain products and key components from a limited number of sources. If the supply of these products or key components were to be delayed or constrained, impacted by global shortages of semiconductor chips, or if one or more of our suppliers experience disruptions or go out of business as a result of adverse global economic conditions, adverse global or regional geopolitical conditions, natural disasters or regional or global pandemics, we might be unable to find a new supplier on acceptable terms, or at all, and our product shipments to our customers could be delayed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by us or by our contract manufacturers can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand for a component, and supplier capacity. From time to time, we have experienced component shortages and extended lead times on semiconductors, such as microcontrollers and optical sensors, and base metals used in our products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of components or subcontracted products, or our inability to procure these components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could delay shipment of our products or increase our production costs, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We rely on third parties to sell and distribute our products, and we rely on their information to manage our business. Disruption of our relationship with these channel partners, changes in or issues with their business practices, their failure to provide timely and accurate information, changes in distribution partners, practices or models, conflicts among our channels of distribution, or failure to build and scale our own sales force for certain product categories and enterprise channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations, operating cash flows and financial condition. We primarily sell our products to a variety of distributors, retailers, e-tailers and enterprise customers (together with our direct sales channel partners). We are dependent on those direct sales channel partners to distribute and sell our products to indirect sales channel partners and ultimately to consumers. The sales and business practices of all such sales channel partners, their compliance with laws and regulations, and their reputations - of which we may or may not be aware - may affect our business and our reputation. While our overall distribution relationships are diffuse, in fiscal years 2025 and 2024 ou r gross sales were concentrated with three customers - Amazon, Ingram Micro and TD Synnex - and their affiliated entities. We do not have commitments with those customers. If online sales grow as a percentage of overall sales, we expect that our reliance on Amazon would increase. While we believe that we have good relationships with Amazon, Ingram Micro and TD Synnex, any adverse change in those relationships could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The impact of economic conditions, labor issues, natural disasters, regional or global pandemics, evolving consumer preferences, and purchasing patterns on our distribution partners, or competition between our sales channels, could result in sales channel disruption. Any loss of a major partner or distribution channel or other channel disruption could make us more dependent on alternate channels, increase pricing and promotional Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 19 Table of Contents pressures from other partners and distribution channels, increase our marketing costs, or adversely impact buying and inventory patterns, payment terms or other contractual terms, or delivery of our products to consumers, our reputation and brand equity, or our market share. Our sales channel partners also sell products offered by our competitors and, in the case of retailer house brands, may also be our competitors. If product competitors offer our sales channel partners more favorable terms, have more products available to meet their needs, or utilize the leverage of broader product lines sold through the channel, or if our sales channel partners show preference for their own house brands, our sales channel partners may or decline to carry our products. In addition, certain of our sales channel partners could decide to the product categories that we offer in exchange for other product categories that they believe provide them with higher returns. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with these sales channel partners or to maintain our distribution channels, our business will suffer. As we expand into new product categories and markets in pursuit of growth, we will have to build relationships with new channel partners and adapt to new distribution and marketing models. These new partners, practices and models may require significant management attention and operational resources and may affect our accounting, including revenue recognition, gross margins, and the ability to make comparisons from period to period. Certain product categories, such as Video Collaboration, also require that we further build and scale our own enterprise sales force. Several of our competitors already have large enterprise sales forces and experience and success with that sales model. If we are unable to build successful distribution channels, build and scale our own enterprise sales force, or successfully market our products in these new product categories, we may not be able to take advantage of the growth opportunities, and our business and our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected. We reserve for cooperative marketing arrangements, incentive programs and pricing programs with our sales channel partners. These reserves are based on judgments and estimates, using historical experience rates, inventory levels in distribution, current trends and other factors. There could be significant differences between the actual costs of such arrangements and programs and our estimates. We use data, which represents sales of our products by our direct retailer and e-tailer customers to consumers, and by our distributor customers to their customers, along with other metrics, to assess consumer demand for our products. data is subject to limitations due to collection methods and the nature of the data and thus may not be an accurate indicator of actual consumer demand for our products. The customers supplying data vary by geographic region and from period to period, but typically represent a majority of our retail sales. In addition, we rely on channel inventory data from our sales channel partners. If we do not receive this information on a timely basis, if this information is not accurate, or if we do not properly interpret this information, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if our brands or reputation are damaged, our reputation, business and operating results could be adversely affected. We have developed value in our brands and have invested significantly in design and in our existing and new brands over the past several years. We believe that our design and brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business and that maintaining and enhancing our brands is very important to our future growth and success. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will require significant investments and will depend largely on our future design, products and marketing, which may not be successful and may damage our brands. Our brands and reputation are also dependent on third parties, such as suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, retailers, product reviewers and the media as well as online consumer product reviews, consumer recommendations and referrals. It can take significant time, resources and expense to overcome negative publicity, reviews or perception. Any negative effect on our brands, regardless of whether it is in our control, could adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. If we do not compete effectively, demand for our products could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. The industry in which we operate is intensely competitive. Our product categories are dynamic, highly competitive and characterized by large, competitors with strong brand names and highly effective research and development, marketing and sales capabilities, short product life cycles, constantly evolving industry standards and perpetual new demands for features and performance, continual performance enhancements, and Logitech International S.A. | Fiscal 2025 Form 10-K | 20 Table of Contents rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by competitors in our retail markets. We have experienced aggressive price competition and other promotional activities from our primary competitors and brands, including brands owned by some retail customers known as house brands. As we shift the focus of our marketing efforts in certain categories from a push model to a pull model, the pressures from this competition and from our distribution channels, combined with the implementation risks of such a strategy shift, could adversely affect our competitive position, market share and business. In addition, our competitors may offer customers terms and conditions that may be more favorable than our terms and conditions and may require us to take actions to maintain or increase our customer incentive programs, which could impact our revenues and operating margins. Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon are leading producers of operating systems, hardware, platforms and applications with which our mice, keyboards, wireless speakers and other products are designed to operate. As a result, Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon each may be able to improve the functionality of its products, if any, or may choose to show preference to our competitors' products, to correspond with ongoing enhancements to its operating systems, hardware and software applications before we are able to make such improvements. This ability could provide Microsoft, Apple, Google, Amazon or other competitors with significant advantages. In addition, Microsoft, Apple, Google, Amazon or other competitors may be able to control distribution channels or offer pricing advantages on bundled hardware and software products that we may not be able to offer, and m

[truncated]