1 
 
CCL Industries Inc. 
 
 
 
111 Gordon Baker Road, Suite 801 
Toronto, Ontario 
M2H 3R1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024
2 
 
Annual Information Form 
 
February 20, 2025
3 
 
 
Table of Contents 
ITEM 1 – COVER PAGE ................................................................................................. 1 
ITEM 2 – TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................... 3 
ITEM 3 – CORPORATE STRUCTURE ........................................................................... 6 
ITEM 4 – GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS .......................................... 7 
Strategy ....................................................................................................................... 8 
Acquisitions, Divestitures and Financing Arrangements .............................................. 9 
Financing Arrangements ............................................................................................ 11 
ITEM 5 – DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS ............................................................. 12 
Overview .................................................................................................................... 12 
CCL Segment ............................................................................................................ 13 
Avery ......................................................................................................................... 16 
Checkpoint ................................................................................................................. 18 
Innovia ....................................................................................................................... 20 
General ...................................................................................................................... 22 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................... 30 
ITEM 6 – DIVIDENDS ................................................................................................... 31 
ITEM 7 - DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STRUCTURE .................................................. 31 
ITEM 8 – MARKET FOR SECURITIES ......................................................................... 34 
ITEM 9 – ESCROWED SECURITIES AND SECURITIES SUBJECT ........................... 35
4 
 
ITEM 10 – DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS .................................................................... 35 
ITEM 11 – PROMOTERS .............................................................................................. 39 
ITEM 12 – LEGAL PROCEEDINGS .............................................................................. 40 
ITEM 13 – INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND  OTHERS IN MATERIAL 
TRANSACTIONS .......................................................................................................... 40 
ITEM 14 – TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR ...................................................... 40 
ITEM 15 – MATERIAL CONTRACTS ............................................................................ 40 
ITEM 16 – INTERESTS OF EXPERTS ......................................................................... 41 
ITEM 17 – AUDIT COMMITTEE ................................................................................... 41 
ITEM 18 – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ..................................................................... 48
5 
CCL Industries Inc. 
This Annual Information Form (“AIF ") contains forward -looking information and forward -looking 
statements, as defined under applicable securities laws (hereinafter collectively referred to as “forward -
looking statements”) that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward -looking statements include 
all statements that are predictive in nature or depend on future events or conditions. Forward -looking 
statements are typically identified by, but not limited to, the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” 
“estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or similar expressions. Statements regarding the operations, business, 
financial condition, priorities, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, other than 
statements of historical fact, are forward -looking statements. Specifically, this AIF contains forward -
looking statements regarding the anticipated growth in sales, income and profitability of the Company’s 
segments; the Company’s improvement in market share; the Company’s capital spending levels and 
planned capital expenditures in 2025; the adequacy of the Company’s financial liquidity; the Company’s 
targeted return on equity, improved return on total capital, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA 
growth rates and dividend payout; the Company’s effective tax rate; the Company’s ongoing business 
strategy; the Company’s ability to maintain a Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio below 3.5 times; the 
Company’s expectations regarding general business and economic conditions; the Company’s Corporate 
Social Responsibility initiative to enhance the integration of social and environmental objectives into its 
business operations and strategy; the Company’s expectation to achieve its overall environmental 
footprint and waste reduction goals for 2025 and 2030; the Company’s ability to successfully deploy 
initiatives that reduce the carbon footprint of its products and services; the continuing impact the conflicts 
in Europe and the Middle East will have on the global economy and the global supply chain; the 
Company’s success in passing on foreign exchange movements and input cost changes, including 
inflationary costs, to its customer base; the Company’s expectation to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 
emissions 50% by 2032; the Company’s expectation that it will engage its suppliers to set science -based 
targets by 2030; the Company’s expectation to reach net -zero greenhouse gas emissions across the 
value chain by 2050; the Company’s expectation to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions from 
Scopes 1, 2 and select Scope 3 categories 90% by 2050; the expectation that Checkpoint will take its 
share of the rapidly expanding RFID market; the expectation that Innovia will successfully complete 
construction and commence commercial operation of its new fil m manufacturing facility in Germany in the 
first half of 2025; the expectation that Innovia will successfully consolidate the production from the closure 
of the Belgium facility into its facilities in the U.K. and Australia; the expectation that the CCL Segment’s 
capacity and technology investments in 2024 and 2025 will position it for growth and improved profitability 
in the coming years; the expectation that new business wins for CCL Secure’s polymer bank note 
substrate will drive improved sales volume especially in the first half of 2025; the expectation that Avery’s 
direct-to-consumer businesses, plus horticultural operations, will outpace legacy product lines and that 
further “tuck-in” acquisitions are possible; Checkpoint’s expectation that there will be strong demand for 
RFID-related products, including products beyond retail, and that Checkpoint’s new RFID inlay facility in 
Mexico will position the Segment to be a leader in North America; Checkpoint’s expectation that core 
MAS and ALS apparel production categories will grow and improve profitability in 2025; Innovia’s 
expectation that the new “EcoFloat” shrink film line in Poland will continue to add volume in 2025, and 
new coating lines in Mexico and the U.K. will add new product depth; the expectation that Innovia will 
improve 2025 results compared to 2024. 
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties relating to future events and conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of 
competition; consumer confidence and spending preferences; general economic and geopolitical 
conditions; currency exchange rates; interest rates and credit availability; technological change; changes 
in government regulations; risks associated with operating and product hazards; and the Company’s 
ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Do not unduly rely on forward -looking statements as the 
Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward -looking 
statements. Forward-looking statements are also based on a number of assumptions, which may prove to 
be incorrect, including, but not limited to, assumptions about the following: higher consumer spending; 
increased customer demand for the Company’s products; continued historical growth trends, market 
growth in specific segments and entering into new segments; the Company’s ability to provide a wide
6 
 
range of products to multinational customers on a global basis; the benefits of the Company’s focused 
strategies and operational approach; the Company’s ability to implement its acquisition strategy and 
successfully integrate acquired businesses; the achievement of the Company’s plans for improved 
efficiency and lower costs, including the ability to pass on polypropylene resin, aluminum and other 
inflationary cost increases to its customers; the availability of cash and credit ; fluctuations of currency 
exchange rates; the Company’s continued relations with its customers; and general business and 
economic conditions. Should one or more risks materialize or should any assumptions prove incorrect, 
then actual results could vary materially from those expressed or implied in the forward -looking 
statements. Further details on key risks can be found in The Company’s 2024 Annual Report, particularly  
in Section 4: “Risks and Uncertainties.” 
Except as otherwise indicated, forward -looking statements do not take into account the effect that 
transactions or non -recurring or other special items announced or occurring after the statements are 
made may have on the business. Such statements do not, unless otherwise specified by the Company, 
reflect the impact of dispositions, sales of assets, monetizations, mergers, acquisitions, other business 
combinations or transactions, asset write -downs or other charges announced or occurring after forward -
looking statements are made. The financial impact of these transactions and non -recurring and other 
special items can be complex and depends on the facts particular to each of them; therefore, the financial 
impact cannot be described in a meaningful way in advance of knowing the specific facts.  
The forward -looking statements are provided as of the date of this AIF and the Company does not 
assume any obligation to update or revise the forward -looking statements to reflect new events or 
circumstances, except as required by law. 
Unless the context otherwise indicates, a reference to “the Company” means CCL Industries Inc. and its 
subsidiary companies and equity-accounted investments.  
ITEM 3 – CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
ISSUER 
CCL Industries Inc.  commenced operations in 1951 as Connecticut Chemicals 
(Canada) Limited. In 1972, the business was acquired by Conn Chem Limited, then the 
controlling shareholder of Connecticut Chemicals (Canada) Limited. Conn Chem 
Limited had been incorporated under the laws of Ontario on April 15, 1957, and was 
continued under the Canada Business Corporations Act on December 16, 1977. On 
May 25, 1978, its name was changed to The Conn Chem Group Ltd. and on November 
28, 1979, to CCL Industries Inc. 
The Company’s articles were amended effective June 5, 2017, to give effect to a five for 
one split of the Company’s shares. 
The registered and head office of CCL Industries Inc. is located at 111 Gordon Baker 
Road, Suite 801, Toronto, Ontario M2H 3R1.
7 
 
SUBSIDIARIES 
The Company manages four principal Business Segments, CCL, Avery, Checkpoint and 
Innovia.  Listed below are the principal direct or indirect operating subsidiaries , each of 
whose total assets or sales and operating revenues constitute more than 10% of the 
total consolidated assets or consolidated sales and operating revenues of the Company 
for the year ended December 31, 2024. The combined assets and operating revenues 
of the other subsidiaries of the Company do not constitute more than 20%  of the 
consolidated assets or the consolidated sales and operating revenues of the Company. 
 
ITEM 4 – GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS 
CCL Industries Inc.  commenced operations in Canada in 1951 as a custom 
manufacturer that provided manufacturing and other value -added outsourcing services 
to national and international consumer products companies. Commencing in the 1980s, 
the Company diversified into specialty packaging, servicing the same customer base as 
its custom manufacturing business. Beginning in 2000, the Company restructured and 
reduced its investment in the Custom Manufacturing Division, culminating in the sale of 
the North America Custom Manufacturing business in May 2005 and the ColepCCL joint 
venture in November 2007.  
In the early 1980s, the Company  commenced its international expansion and 
diversification into the United States and, later in the decade, into the United Kingdom. 
This international expansion and diversification has continued in its operating segments. 
In each of its businesses, the Company strives to satisfy the needs of its multinational , 
regional and end user  consumer customers in the non -durable and durable consumer 
products market. By providing a wide range of label products to these customers on a 
global basis,  the Company  has become a leader in each of its businesses and, 
consequently believes that it will be able to enjoy sustainable sales and income growth. 
 
Subsidiary 
 
Ownership 
 
Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation 
   CCL Industries Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 CCL International Inc. 
 
100% Ontario 
 CCL Industries Corporation 
 
100% Delaware 
 CCL Label, Inc. 
 
100% Michigan 
 CCL Industries (U.K.) Limited 
 
100% United Kingdom 
CCL Label A/S 100% Denmark 
Syrinx Holding Germany GmbH 100% Germany
8 
 
In addition, the Company has divested non -core and underperforming businesses to 
allow each Segment to focus on its cust omers and growth opportunities. The CCL 
Segment (“CCL”) is the world’s largest converter of pressure sensitive and extruded 
film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional, security and functional 
applications for government institutions and large global customers in consumer 
packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, electronic device and automotive 
markets. Extruded and labeled plastic tubes, aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, 
folded instructional leaflets, specialty folded cartons, precision engineered and die cut 
components, electronic displays, polymer banknote substrate and other complementary 
products and services are sold in parallel to specific end -use markets. Avery is one of 
the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty converted media and software solutions 
to enable short -run digital printing in businesses and homes alongside complementary 
products sold through distributors, mass -market stores and e -commerce retailers. 
Checkpoint is a leading developer of RF and RFID -based technology systems for loss 
prevention and inventory management applications, including labeling and tagging 
solutions, for the broad retail and apparel industries worldwide . Innovia is a leading 
global producer of specialty, high -performance, multi-layer, surface-engineered films for 
label, packaging and security applications. The Company partly backward integrates 
into materials science, with capabilities in polymer extrusion, adhesive development, 
coating and lamination, surface engineering and metallurgy deployed as needed across 
the four business segments. 
Strategy 
The Company’s strategy is to increase shareholder value through investment in organic 
growth and product innovations around the world, augmented by a global acquisition 
strategy. The Company builds on the strength of its people in marketing, manufacturing 
and product development and nurtures strong relationships with its international, 
national and regional customers and suppliers. The Company anticipates increasing its 
market share in most product categories by capitalizing on market insights and the 
growth of its customers, and by following developments such as globalization, new 
product innovation, sustainability, branding and consumer trends. 
A key attribute of this strategy is maintaining focus and discipline. The CCL Segment 
aspires to be the market leader and the highest value -added producer in each customer 
sector and region  in which it chooses to compete. The primary objective is to invest in 
growth globally, both organically and by acquisition. Avery ’s objectives align to its core 
competencies in label and badging solutions centred on specialty converted media that 
enable short -run digital printing in homes and businesses and increasingly using the 
direct-to-consumer channel, both organically and by acquisition. Checkpoint focuses on 
technology-driven loss-prevention and inventory-management and labeling solutions for 
the retail and apparel industries, inclusive of a rapidly developing RFID product portfolio. 
Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high -performance, multi-layer, surface-
engineered films for label, packaging and security applications. Innovia also provides 
significant depth and capability to develop proprietary films for label applications.
9 
 
The Company is continually reviewing its businesses and may, if appropriate, divest 
non-core or unprofitable operations in order to improve its overall profitability, return on 
equity and its financial leverage. Management believes that this approach allows the 
Company to be better positioned to operate effectively during economic downturns, and 
to have the financial flexibi lity to make acquisitions and  invest in capital spending that 
support its business strategy. Restructuring costs were incurred over the last several 
years to reorganize certain business units, to provide for losses on dispositions and to 
provide for the write-down of assets of business units that were deemed to be non -core 
and underperforming. Further restructuring costs were incurred in 2020 through 2023 as 
the Company’s management responded to the volatile economic challenges brought 
about by the Covid (“CV19”) global pandemic, matching the Company’s cost structures 
to customer demand patterns.   Furthermore, conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle 
East, started in the first quarter  of 2022 and fourth quarter of 2023, respectively , have 
resulted in sanctions, embargos, supply chain challenges , pressure on global inf lation 
rates and further disruptions to general economic activity.    
 
Acquisitions, Divestitures and Financing Arrangements 
CCL Industries Inc. has acquired a number of business es over the last three years  and 
arranged the associated financing to support operating and investment activities of the 
Company. Only the acquisition s of Checkpoint in 2016 and the acquisition of Innovia in 
2017 met the definition of a “significant acquisition” as determined in accordance with 
National Instrument 51-102-Continuous Disclosure Obligations .  The Company has not 
divested any business over the last three years but has completed the transaction s 
described below: 
• In June 2024, the Company acquired the remaining 50% interest in its Middle 
East label joint venture, Pacman -CCL (“Pacman”), for approximately $142.9 
million, net of cash acquired.  The business commenced trading as CCL 
Label, with its results fully consolidated subsequent to the acquisition. 
 
• In August 2023, the Company acquired all the intellectual property of Imprint 
Energy Inc. ("IEI”), based in Alameda, California , for $26.6 million.  IEI is a 
start-up proprietary technology company with the know-how for ultrathin, non-
hazardous and non -toxic printed batteries for devices, sensors and 
wearables.   This product line has become part of CCL Design.  
 
• In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Faubel & Co. 
Nachfolger GmbH (“Faubel”), headquartered in Melsungen, Germany , for 
approximately $169.7 million, net of cash acquired.  Faubel is a specialist in 
labels for pharmaceutical clinical trials globally and is reported within CCL 
Label’s Healthcare and Specialty business.
10 
 
• In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Creaprint S.L. 
(“Creaprint”) based in Alicante, Spain, for approximately $37.7 million, net of 
cash and debt acquired.  Creaprint is a specialized producer of in -mould 
labels and has been added to CCL Label’s Food & Beverage business. 
 
• In July 2023, the C ompany acquired Pouch Partners S .r.l., (“Pouch”), a 
subsidiary of Swiss headquartered Capri-Sun Group, based in Milan, Italy, for 
approximately $39.6 million, net of cash acquired.  This business trades as 
CCL Specialty Pouches and has become an integral new product offering 
within CCL Label’s Food & Beverage business. 
 
• In July 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Oomph Made Limited 
(“Oomph”), based in Liphook, United Kingdom, for approximately $6.6 million, 
net of cash acquired.   Oomph is a designer and supplier of Radio Frequency 
Identification (“RFID”) and Near-Field Communication (“ NFC”) access cards 
and wristbands and has been added to the Company’s Avery Segment.  
 
• In April 2023, the Company acquired privately owned eAgile Inc. (“eAgile”), 
based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for approximately $52.2 million, including 
estimated net cash assumed. eAgile is a start -up technology company with 
proprietary, patented hardware and software solutions for the healthcare 
industry alongside RFID inlays embedded into labels.  This business has 
been integrated into CCL Label’s Healthcare & Specialty business. 
 
• In April 2023, the Company acquired the intellectual property of Alert 
Systems ApS (“Alert”), based in Hoersholm, Denmark, for $3.2 million.  
Alert’s patent -protected anti -theft solutions are sold alongside Checkpoint’s 
Merchandise Availability Solutions (“MAS”) product lines.  
 
• In April 2023, the Company acquired privately owned Data Management, Inc. 
(“DMI”), based in Farmington, Connecticut, for approximately $10.2 million, 
net of cash acquired.  DMI’s tracking and identification badges business has 
been added to the Avery Segment. 
 
• In May 2022, the C ompany acquired privately owned Floramedia Group B.V. 
(“Floramedia”), based in Westzaan, in the Netherlands, for approximately 
$53.1 million, net of cash acquired.  Floramedia is a European leader in 
horticulture media with in-house tag and label production complemented with 
sales offices in seven countries.  It is reported as part of Avery. 
 
• In April 2022, the Company acquired Adelbras Indústria e Comércio de 
Adesivos Ltda. and Amazon Tape Indústria e Comércio de Fitas Adesivas 
Ltda. (collectively “Adelbras”), headquartered in Vinhedo near São Paulo, 
Brazil, for approximately $152.3 million, net of cash and debt.  Adelbras is a 
producer of adhesive tapes sold through retailers and distributors to
11 
 
consumers and small businesses under the Adelbras brand name. The 
business is reported as part of Avery.  
 
• In January 2022, the Company acquired privately owned McGavigan 
Holdings Ltd. (“McGavigan”), headquartered in Glasgow, Scotland, and with 
significant manufacturing operations in China, for $103.6 million, net of cash 
acquired and debt assumed.  McGa vigan is a leading supplier of in-mould 
decorated components for automotive interiors and forms an integral part of 
CCL Design.  
 
Financing Arrangements 
During the 2022 second quarter, the Company amended its syndicated revolving credit 
facility extending the maturity an additional two years to February 2027. 
The Company’s debt structure at December 31, 2024, was primarily comprised of the 
144A 3.05% private notes due June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0 million 
($858.1 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in the principal amount of 
US$500.0 million ($717.6 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 
Notes due April 2028, and borrowings of $347.8 million on the Company’s syndicated 
revolving credit facility . Outstanding contingent letters of credit totaled $1.1 million; 
accordingly, there was approximately US$956.7 million of unused availability on the 
revolving credit facility at December 31, 2024. 
The Company’s deb t structure at December 31, 2023 , was primarily comprised of the 
144A 3.05% private notes due June 2030 in the principal amount of US$600.0 million 
($788.7 million), 144A 3.25% private notes due October 2026 in the principal amount of 
US$500.0 million ($659.6 million), the $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 
Notes due April 2028, and borrowings of $307.0 million on the Company’s syndicated 
revolving credit facility. Outstanding contingent letters of credit totaled $ 1.1 million; 
accordingly, there was  approximately US$966.1 m illion of unused availability on the 
revolving credit facility at December 31, 2023.  
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet liabilities when they are due. The Company believes its 
liquidity will be satisfactory for the foreseeable future due to its significant cash 
balances, its expected positive operating cash flow and the availability of its unused 
portion of its revolving credit facility. The Company anticipates funding all of its future 
commitments from the above sources but may raise further funds , if necessary,  by 
entering into new debt financing arrangements or issuing further equity to satisfy its 
future additional obligations or investment opportunities.
12 
 
ITEM 5 – DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS 
Overview 
CCL Industries Inc. employs approximately 26,300 people operating 213 production 
facilities in 42 countries with corporate offices in Toronto, Canada, and Framingham, 
Massachusetts. The CCL Segment (“CCL”) is the world’s largest converter of pressure 
sensitive and extruded film materials for a wide range of decorative, instructional, 
security and functional applications for government institutions and large global 
customers in consumer packaging, healthcare, chemicals, consumer durables, 
electronic device and automotive markets. Extruded and labeled plastic tubes, 
aluminum aerosols and specialty bottles, folded instructional leaflets, specialty folded 
cartons, precision engineered and die cut components, electronic displays, polymer 
banknote substrate and other complementary products and services are sold in parallel 
to specific end -use markets. Avery is the world’s largest supplier of labels, specialty 
converted media and software solutions to enable short -run digital printing in 
businesses and homes alongside complementary products sold through distributors, 
mass-market stores and e -commerce retailers. Checkpoint is a leading developer of 
RF and RFID-based technology systems for loss prevention and inventory management 
applications, including labeling and tagging solutions, for the broad retail and apparel 
industries worldwide . Innovia is a leading global producer of specialty, high -
performance, multi -layer, surface -engineered films for label, packaging and security 
applications. The Company partly backward integrates into materials science, with 
capabilities in polymer extrusion, adhesive development, coating and lamination, 
surface engineering and metallurgy deployed as needed across the four business 
segments.  
Sales by Business Segment: 
(millions of dollars) 
 Years ended December 31 
 2024 2023 
 
   Sales* 
% of           
Total Sales    Sales* 
% of             
Total Sales 
     CCL $  4,502.6 62.1% $

---

g shares (“Class A”) 
 
$ 
 
1.15 $ 1.05 $ 0.95 
Class B non-voting shares (“Class B”) $ 1.16 $ 1.06 $ 0.96 
Dividend payments are restricted by loan covenants in the Company’s credit facility  
agreements whereby certain unfavourable financial ratios could cause dividends to be 
reduced or eliminated until such financial ratios are rectified. Dividends can only be paid 
from retained earnings. The Company ’s dividend policy is to provide a stable and 
potentially growing cash return to shareholders, balancing the Company’s internal cash 
position and requirements, and other means of providing returns to investors such as 
share repurchases in the open market. CCL  Industries Inc. has paid dividends quarterly 
for over 40 years with periodic increases and has not reduced its dividend payout per 
share during this period.    
ITEM 7 - DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
The Company's authorized share capital consists of an unlimited number of Class A 
voting shares and an unlimited number of Class B non-voting shares. 
On June 5, 2017, the Company effected a 5:1 stock split on its Class A and Class B 
common shares. 
Class A Voting Shares 
Class A voting shares carry full voting rights (one vote per share) and are convertible at 
any time  at the option of the holder  into Class B non-voting shares. Dividends are 
currently set at $ 0.01 per share per annum less than those payable per Class B  non-
voting share.  
Class B Non-Voting Shares 
Class B shares rank equally in all material r espects with the Class A  voting shares 
except as stated above and as follows: (i) holders of Class B  non-voting shares are 
entitled to receive meeting materials and to attend, but not to vote at, regular 
shareholder meetings, and (ii) holders of Class B non -voting shares have no right 
to participate in a take -over bid made for the Class A voting shares of the 
Company. The Articles of the Company provide, however, that if a take -over bid is 
made for the Class A voting shares and the value of the consideration paid for any of 
such shares acquired exceeds 115% of the market price of the Class B non -voting 
shares (calculated in accordance with the Regulation to the Securities Act (Ontario) as
32 
 
such Regulation existed on June 27, 1983, being the date of creation of the Class B 
non-voting shares) and if it is determined by the directors of the Company, after the 
take-over bid is complete, that the offeror has become the beneficial owner of, or 
exercises control or direction over, Class A voting shares carrying more than 50% of the 
votes to which the holders of the Class A voting shares are entitled, there will be 
deemed to have been a change in control of the Company. In such event, the Class B 
non-voting shares will become entitled to one vote per share (but the dividend 
entitlement attached to such shares will thereafter be the same as the dividend 
entitlement attached to the Class A voting shares) unless the same offer is made to the 
holders of the outstanding Class B non-voting shares. 
Ratings 
In May of 2020, the Company issued unregistered Rule 144A 3.05% private notes due 
2030, in the principal amount of US$600.0 million.   In April 2018, the Company 
completed a private offering of $300.0 million principal amount 3.864% Series 1 Notes 
due 2028. In September 2016 , the Company  issued unregistered Rule 144A 3.25% 
private notes due 2026 , in the principal amount of  US$500.0 million.  For these 
offerings, r atings were provided by Moody’s Investors Service s (“Moody’s”)  and S&P 
Global (“S&P”) in accordance with their customary fee arrangements for  initial ratings 
and on-going monitoring.  As at the date of this AIF, the following ratings were assigned: 
Credit Rating Agency Issuer Rating Senior Debt Rating Outlook Trend 
    
S&P (1) BBB BBB Stable 
Moody’s (2) - Baa2 Stable 
1.  S&P’s issuer and senior unsecured debt rating  is a forward -looking opinion of the 
Company’s overall creditworthiness. The opinion reflects S&P ’s view of the obligor's 
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due. Thi s 
rating is based on a scale that ranges from “AAA” to “D”, which represents the range 
from extremely strong capacity to meet financial obligations to a failure to pay one or 
more financial obligations when it came due.  An issuer with a rating in the “BBB” 
category is the fourth highest category of relevant scale of ten major categories and 
is considered to be investment grade quality. The ratings from AA to CCC may be 
modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus ( -) sign to show re lative standing 
within the major rating categories. The lack of one of the designations indicates a 
rating that is in the middle of the category. A “Stable” outlook rating means the rating 
is not likely to change. 
2. Moody’s senior unsecured debt rating is an opinion as to the Company ’s future 
relative creditworthiness.  The credit rating is derived from a  detailed rating’s grid  
published in a Moody’s rating methodology report for Packaging Manufacturers: 
Metal, Glass, and Plas tic Containers. The grid score is the n formulated into one of 
21 “grid-indicated ratings. ” A grid -indicated rating category of Baa  is indicative of
33 
 
investment grade quality. Moody’s appends the numerical modifiers 1, 2 or 3 to 18 of 
the 21 indicative rating classifications. The m odifiers 1, 2 and 3 indicate th at the 
obligation ranks in the higher end, mid -range or lower end of its indicative rating 
category, respectively. The Moody’s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely 
direction of an issuer’s rating over the medium term, and fall s into one of four 
categories: Positive, Negative, Stable or Developing.   A “ Stable” indicates a low 
likelihood of a rating change over the medium term.  
Credit rating s are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the 
credit quality of the Company ’s senior debt. The credit ratings assigned to the 
unsecured public bonds  by the rating agencies are not recommendations to purchase, 
hold or sell the Company’s securities, since such ratings do not ad

---

14.5%  1,039.9 15.6% 
Checkpoint  986.9 13.6%  875.2 13.2% 
Innovia  706.4 9.8%  629.8 9.5% 
Total $ 7,245.0 100.0% $ 6,649.6 100.0%
13 
 
 
Sales by Geographic Segment: 
(millions of dollars) 
 Years ended December 31 
 2024 2023 
 
     Sales* 
% of           
Total Sales Sales* 
% of             
Total Sales 
     
Canada $ 144.5 2.0% $ 153.5 2.3% 
United States and Puerto Rico  2,726.6 37.7%  2,568.0 38.6% 
Latin America  893.6 12.3%  849.3 12.8% 
Europe  2,224.0 30.7%  2,060.8 31.0% 
Asia, Africa and Australia  1,256.3 17.3%  1,018.0 15.3% 
Total $ 7,245.0 100.0% $ 6,649.6 100.0% 
*Excludes sales at the Company’s equity accounted investments in Russia (CCL-Kontur) and the Middle East (Pacman-CCL). 
For the CCL Segment and Innovia, the first and second quarters are generally the 
strongest due to the number of workdays and various customer -related activities. Also, 
there are many products that have a spring -summer bias in North America and Europe 
such as horticultural labels, agricultural chemicals and certain beverage products, which 
generate additional sales volumes for the Company in the first half of the year. The 
polymer banknote business within the CCL Segment experiences intra -quarter 
variations in sales influenced by central banks’ reorder volatility. For Avery, the third 
quarter has historically been its strongest  as it benefits from increased demand related 
to back -to-school activities in North America, although the impact is expected to 
diminish in future periods on secular declines in low -margin ring binder  sales and the 
expansion of Avery’s direct -to-consumer businesses that do not have this seasonal 
bias. For Checkpoint, the second half of the calendar year is healthier as the business 
substantially follows the retail cycle of its customers, which traditionally experiences 
more consumer activity from September through to the end of the year and prepares for 
the same in its supply chain from mid-year on. Checkpoint’s year-over-year comparative 
quarterly results often include one -time large chain -wide, customer-driven hardware 
installations that strengthen future reoccurring label revenues.  New RFID applications 
are also developing in the food, logistics and healthcare markets.   Sales in the final 
quarter of the year are negatively affected in North America by Thanksgiving and 
globally by the Christmas and New Year holiday season shutdowns. 
CCL Segment 
There are five customer sectors inside the CCL Segment. The Company trades in three 
of them as CCL Label (with Label substituted, as relevant, for Tube and Container 
product lines) and one each as CCL Design and CCL Secure. The differentiated CCL 
sub-branding points to the nature of the application for the final product. The sectors
14 
 
have many common or overlapping customers, process technologies, information 
technology systems, raw material suppliers and operational infrastructures. CCL Label 
supplies innovative specialized label, plastic tube, aluminum aerosol and specialty bottle 
solutions to Home & Personal Care and Food & Beverage companies .  It also supplies  
regulated and complex multi -layer labels and specialty fold ing cartons to major 
pharmaceutical, consumer medicine, medical instrument and industrial or consumer 
chemical customers referred to as the Healthcare & Specialty business. CCL Design 
supplies long -life, high -performance labels and complex engineered parts  to 
automotive, electronics and durable goods companies. CCL Secure supplies polymer 
banknote substrate, pressure sensitive stamps, passport components, ID cards and 
other security documents to government institutions.  
The Segment’s product lines include pressure sensitive labels, shrink sleeves, stretch 
sleeves, in -mould labels, precision printed and die cut metal, glass and plastic 
components, expanded content labels, pharmaceutical instructional leaflets, specialty 
folded cartons, graphic security features, extruded or labeled plastic tubes, aluminum 
aerosols or specialty bottles and printed polymer security film substrates. The CCL 
Segment now operates 157 plants globally, which includes 37 manufacturing plants in 
North America, three plants in Canada, one in Puerto Rico and 33 in the United States. 
In Europe, the CCL Segment now operates 57 manufacturing plants, with two plants in 
Austria, three in Denmark, four in France, 13 in Germany, one in Hungary,  one in 
Ireland, five in Italy, three in the Netherlands, four in Poland, four in Russia, two in Spain 
two in Switzerland, and 13 in the United Kingdom. 
In Latin America, the CCL Segment operates 16 plants, with eight in Mexico,  six in 
Brazil, one in Argentina and one in Chile.   
In Asia  Pacific, Middle East and Africa , the CCL Segment now operates 47 
manufacturing plants, with four plants in Australia, 12 plants in China, one in Egypt, one 
in India, one in Indonesia, one in Israel, one in South Korea, six in Malaysia, one in New 
Zealand, one in Oman, one in Pakistan, one in the Philippines, one in Saudi Arabia, two 
in Singapore, one in South Africa,  three in Thailand, one in Turkey, one in United Arab 
Emirates and seven in Vietnam. 
The current position of the CCL Segment was developed organically and through 
acquisitions in  the last decade.  The CCL Segment has generally experienced strong 
demand in its existing and newly acquired operations in the past few years.  
The mission of the CCL Segment is to be the global supply  chain leader of innovative 
premium package and promotional label solutions for the world’s largest consumer 
product, healthcare and durable goods companies as well as government institutions. It 
aspires to do this from regional facilities that focus on specific customer groups, 
products and manufacturing technologies in order to maximize management’s expertise 
and manufacturing efficiencies to enhance customer satisfaction.
15 
 
Principal Products 
There are five customer sectors inside the CCL Segment. The Company trades in three 
of them as CCL Label (with Label substituted, as relevant, for Tube and Container 
product lines) and one each as CCL Design

---

hile supporting end consumer sensitivity to reduce waste in the 
environment and reduce overall environmental impacts.
27 
 
 
Customers 
Each of the operating Segments  of the Company deals with a diverse customer base.  
While a small number of the manufacturing facilities are dependent upon one or a few 
customers for a significant portion of their business, no operating Segment is dependent 
upon any single customer or upon a few customers. With the addition of Avery in 2013 , 
Checkpoint in 2016 and Innovia in 2017 , the Company’s customer base diversified into 
office products  stores, commercial contract stationers, mass merchandisers, retail 
superstores, apparel chain stores, wholesalers, resellers, mail order , e-tailers, direct to 
consumer, pressure sensitive label material producers, consumer packaged goods 
companies, government central banks and direct for the Company’s internal 
consumption. For 2024, the Company’s two largest customer s accounted for 
approximately 6.7% of consolidated sales. See also “Dependence on Customers ,” 
described under the heading “Risks and Uncertainties” in the Company’s Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis  (“MD&A”) for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2024, and 
incorporated by reference herein.  The Company has filed the MD& A with the Canadian 
securities regulators and it is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.  
Employees 
The Company has a total of approximately 26,300 employees in its wholly owned 
subsidiaries and two joint ventures in the following regions: 
  No. of Employees 
   
North America  5,300  
  Latin America  5,100  
  Europe  7,100  
  Asia Pacific, Middle 
East, Africa  8,800 
 
  Total  26,300 
In North America, there are two labour contracts in the United States, covering a total of 
approximately 3 16 employees.  A significant proportion of the Company’s employees 
outside North America are covered by collective bargaining agreements  across various 
unions, workers councils or in -house employee associations, some required by local 
statutes on employment matters. The Company has not experienced work stoppages at 
any of its locations in the last 20 years and anticipates that any labour contracts coming 
due in the current year will be renewed.
28 
 
 
Foreign Operations 
The Company currently conducts operations in Canada, the United States  (including 
Puerto Rico), Argentina, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh, Brazil, Chile, China, Denmark, 
Egypt, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Korea, 
Malaysia, Mexico, Morocco, the Netherlands, New Zealand,  Oman, Pakistan, 
Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, 
Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and Vietnam.  
Through the Company’s joint venture , operations are also conducted in Russia .  
Operations primarily service customers located in their country. 
International operations are necessarily subject to different economic risks and 
opportunities. The Company’s production costs are affected by conditions prevailing in 
the various locations. The Company is also exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency 
exchange, which may positively or negatively affect the Company’s consolidated 
financial reporting as a result of the translation of foreign financial results into Canadian 
dollars and the impact of cash flows, cash holdings and debt obligations in these foreign 
currencies. The Company believes that international diversification has reduced its 
overall economic business risk.  
See also “Potential Risks Relating to Significant Operations in Foreign Countries”  
described under the heading “Risks and Uncertainties” in the Company’s MD&A for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 202 4, and incorporated by reference herein.  The 
Company has filed the MD&A with the Canadian securities regulators  and it is available 
on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.  
Production and Services 
The Company primarily manufactures its products at its various plant facilities utilizing 
standard equipment generally available to the market.  In unusual circumstances, it may 
outsource certain production to other  suppliers. As part of providing  its manufacturing 
capabilities to its customers, the various Segments also provide ancillary services such 
as artwork, tool and die manufacturing and product development for a fee. These fees 
are a small proportion of the Company’s total revenue. 
The Avery Segment manufactures the majority of its products at various strategically 
located facilities within the markets it supplies, with equipment generally available to the 
market. Avery uses its manufacturing sites in conjunction with its distribution facilities to 
service an efficient supply chain for its customers and the consumer.   
A substantial majority of Checkpoint’s MAS products are manufactured in Asia an d 
exported principally to  the western world and installed by the Segment’s service 
technicians at customer locations.
29 
 
The Innovia Segment  has constructed its own unique “ bubble process” manufacturing 
lines compared to the conventional stenter (or tenter) method for producing film.  The 
Innovia Segment is further supported by the world -class research and development 
laboratory in the U.K.   
New Products 
The Company has developed many new products in each of its businesses over the 
years. The approach to developing new products is primarily from active product 
development as opposed to pure scientific research. The CCL Segment develops many 
new applications for labels, pro motional products, shrink sleeves , expanded content 
labels, precision printed and die cut metal components  and unique security features for 
polymer banknote substrate . The Avery Segment has a strong commitment to 
understanding its ultimate end user s, actively seeking product feedback and using 
consumer focus  groups to drive product development initiatives. Furthermore, Avery 
leverages the CCL Segment’s applications and technology to deliver product innovation 
that aligns with consumer printable media trends . These new products in

---

l expertise, as well as extensive experience 
in capital markets and financings, global mergers and acquisitions, strategic planning, 
operations and risk management, and governance of publicly traded companies. 
 
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
Policy 
The Company, its subsidiaries and any entity that directly or indirectly controls 
the Company will not engage KPMG LLP, the external auditors of the Company, 
to carry out any service that may reasonably be thought to bear on KPMG's
46 
 
independence. KPMG must annually confirm to the Audit Committee that it is 
independent of the Company within the meaning of the applicable Rules of 
Professional Conduct/Code of Ethics of the Chartered Professional Accountants 
of Ontario. For services that are not prohibited, the following pre -approval 
policies will apply. 
A.       Audit Services 
 The Audit Committee will pre -approve all Audit Services provided by KPMG 
through their recommendation of KPMG as shareholders’ Auditor at the Company’s 
annual meeting and through the Audit Committee’s review of KPMG’s annual Audit 
Plan. 
B. Audit Related Services and Recurring Tax and Other Non-Audit Services 
 Annually, the Audit Committee will review the List of Audit, Audit -Related, 
Recurring Tax and Other Non -Audit Services and recommend pre -approval of these 
services for the upcoming year.   Also, the Audit Committee will review the list of 
services provided to the beneficial shareholders which could impact the Company.   Any 
additional requests will be addressed on a case-by-case specific engagement basis. 
 The Audit Committee will be informed, on a quarterly basis, of the pre -approved 
services provided to the Company and its subsidiaries for which  the Auditor has been 
engaged. 
C. Other Services 
 All requests to engage KPMG for other services must be pre -approved by the 
Audit Committee or the Chair of the Audit Committee, as described below, and will be 
addressed on a case-by-case specific engagement basis. 
 The Company's employee making the request is to submit the request for service 
to the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The request for service should 
include a description of the service, the estimated fee, a statement that the service is 
not a prohibited service and the reason KPMG is being engaged. 
 Services where the aggregate fees are estimated to be less than or equal to 
$50,000. 
 Recommendations, in respect of each engagement, will be submitted by the 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to the Chair of the Audit Committee of 
the Board of Directors for consideration and approval. The full Audit Committee will 
subsequently be informed of the service at its next meeting. The engagement may 
commence upon approval of the Chair of the Audit Committee. 
 Services where the aggregate fees are estimated to be greater than $50,000.
47 
 
 Recommendations, in respect of each engagement, will be submitted by the 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to the full Audit Committee for 
consideration and approval, generally at its next meeting. The engagement may 
commence upon approval of the Committee. 
External Auditor Service Fees (by Category) 
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed for professional services 
rendered to the Company and its subsidiaries by KPMG LLP, Chartered Professional 
Accountants:   
 
Audit Fees 
The aggregate audit fees related to KPMG LLP 2024 audit of the annual consolidated 
financial statements  and the review of the consolidated condensed interim financial 
statements. 
Audit-Related Fees 
No such fees for the year ending December 31, 2024.  
Tax Fees 
These fees are for professional services rendered by the auditor for tax compliance, tax 
advice and tax planning for its Canadian and international operations. 
All Other Fees 
KPMG provided services that met the definition of “other,” for professional services in 
connection with attestation  and reporting on compliance with local tax rate and 
regulations in Bangladesh, Belgium, India, Italy and Mexico. 
External Auditor Service Fees 2024 2023 
Audit Fees $5,926,912 $5,113,093 
Audit-Related Fees -      - 
Tax Fees $1,328,158 1,446,456 
All Other Fees $83,975 24,383 
Total  $7,339,045 $6,583,932
48 
 
ITEM 18 – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Additional information concerning CCL  Industries Inc., including directors’ and officers’ 
remuneration and indebtedness, principal holders of securities, and securities 
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, where applicable, is 
contained in the Management Proxy Circular of the Company to be dated March 14, 
2025. Additional financial information is provided in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and MD&A for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2024. Copies of the 
above documents may be obtained upon request from the Corporate Secretary of CCL 
Industries Inc. at 111 Gordon Baker Road, Suite 801, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M2H 
3R1. 
Additional information relating to CCL  Industries Inc.  may be found on SEDAR + at 
www.sedarplus.ca and on the Company’s website at www.cclind.com.