Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 37 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 38 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 71 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 71 Item 9B. Other Information 73 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 73 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 73 Item 11. Executive Compensation 73 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 74 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 74 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 74 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 77 Signatures 78 3 Table of Contents Cautionary Note Regarding Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “ statements” as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. statements can be identified by the fact that they address future events, developments and results and do not relate strictly to historical facts. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be statements. statements include, without limitation, statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “view,” “target” or “estimate,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “predict,” “possible,” “potential,” “continue,” “strategy,” and similar expressions. For example, our statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: • Our plans and expectations regarding our current and future strategic initiatives, and the uncertainty with respect to the amount, timing and impact of those initiatives and investments on our business and results of operations; • Our merchandising plans and initiatives and related impacts, including those regarding assortments in the Dollar Tree segment and our ability to adjust pricing; • Our plans to add, renovate and remodel stores, and our expectations regarding store standards and operations, efficiency initiatives, selling square footage, the experience and the performance of those formats; • Our customer’s response to our product offerings, value and shopping experience; • Our expectations regarding the implementation and impact of investments in supply chain, distribution facilities, trucking fleet and transportation management systems, and store delivery and equipment, including new distribution centers, the expansion of existing distribution centers, and the capabilities of our distribution center network; • Our expectations regarding the implementation and impact of investments in our technology infrastructure, our information security and cybersecurity plans, policies and procedures, and the design and implementation of internal controls around our technology transformation; • Our plans and expectations regarding the pending sale of the Family Dollar business; • The potential effect of general business or economic conditions on our business, including the direct and indirect effects of inflation, interest rates, labor shortages, consumer spending levels, and unemployment in our markets; • Our expectations regarding cost increases in fiscal 2025, shrink and other factors affecting our profitability; • The direct and indirect impacts of current and potential tariffs, duties, or countervailing duty orders and other measures, restrictions and policies and any retaliatory counter measures, and our plans to mitigate those impacts; • Our expectations regarding the implementation and impact of wage investments, enhanced safety and working conditions, and other workforce investments and goals, and increases in wage expenses, including increases in minimum wages by federal, states and localities; • Our anticipated net sales, comparable store net sales, net sales growth, gross profit margin, costs of goods sold (including product mix), shrink rates, earnings and earnings growth, inventory levels, selling, general and administrative and other fixed costs, and our ability to leverage those costs; • The expected and possible outcome, costs, and impact of pending or potential litigation, arbitrations, other legal proceedings or governmental investigations, our plans regarding these matters, and the availability of indemnification or insurance with respect to such matters; • Our cash needs and estimated capital expenditures, our expectations regarding our uses of cash and proceeds of our commercial paper program, and our ability to fund our future capital expenditures, working capital requirements, repayment of indebtedness and repurchases of common stock under our repurchase program, dividends, and our expectations regarding potential increases in interest rates and the effect on our financing costs; • Our expectations regarding higher commodity and other costs associated with the of new stores and the renovation of existing stores, limitations on the availability of certain fixtures and equipment, and inspection, permitting and contractor delays related to new store openings and renovations of existing stores; • Our leasing strategy for future expansion, and our ability to renew leases at existing store locations; • Our expectations regarding competition, our market and our potential for growth; 4 Table of Contents • Our expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters; • The impacts of tornado damage to our Dollar Tree distribution center in Marietta, Oklahoma, including changes within our supply chain network and expectations regarding our customer shopping experience; • Management’s estimates and expectations as they relate to income tax liabilities, effective tax rates, deferred income taxes, uncertain tax positions, and recognition of compensation; and • Management’s estimates associated with our critical accounting estimates, including inventory valuation, liabilities for general liability claims and valuations for our goodwill and intangible assets impairment analyses. A statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future results, events or circumstances. You should not place undue reliance on statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our statements are all based on currently available operating, financial and business information. The outcome of the events described in these statements is subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ,” “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the statements. Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on our statements. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise any statements after the date of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Investors should also be aware that while we do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts and others, it is against our policy to disclose to them any material, nonpublic information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, shareholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any securities analyst regardless of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, we have a policy against confirming projections, forecasts or opinions issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility. Introductory Note Unless otherwise stated, references to “the Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” generally refer to Dollar Tree, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Unless specifically indicated otherwise, any references to “fiscal 2025,” “fiscal 2024,” “fiscal 2023,” and “fiscal 2022,” relate to as of or for the years ended January 31, 2026, February 1, 2025, February 3, 2024 and January 28, 2023, respectively. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General We are a leading operator of retail discount stores operating under the brand names of Dollar Tree and Dollar Tree Canada. At February 1, 2025, we operated 8,628 stores across 48 states and the District of Columbia and operated 253 stores across five Canadian provinces. We believe the convenience and value we offer, as well as the “ ” shopping experience where customers discover new celebratory and seasonal items every week, are key factors in serving and growing our base of loyal customers. We are committed to growing our business through new store openings, expanded geographies, improved product offerings, store renovations and remodeling, investments in our workforce and other initiatives to modernize and optimize our stores, our supply chain and distribution network and our technology. These initiatives are discussed further below and in “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” Discontinued Operations Family Dollar stores provide customers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores, primarily serving a income customer in urban and rural locations. At February 1, 2025, the Family Dollar business included the operations of 7,622 general merchandise retail discount stores and ten distribution centers. As previously reported, in fiscal 2024 we initiated a formal review of strategic alternatives for the Family Dollar business. This strategic alternatives review concluded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and resulted in the decision to sell the Family Dollar business. Accordingly, the Family Dollar business met the held for sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. On March 25, 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Family Dollar business to Brigade Capital Management, LP and Macellum Capital Management, LLC, for a purchase consideration of $1,007.0 million, subject to a number of adjustments, including with respect to working capital and net indebtedness. The closing of the transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of U.S. antitrust approval. Net proceeds are estimated to total approximately $804.0 million. Unless otherwise noted, the discussion throughout Part I of this Form 10-K, including the various metrics cited, excludes the Family Dollar business and pertains only to our continuing operations. For information on discontinued operations, refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption “Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” and Note 15 . Corporate Culture Our core values drive how we treat our customers and each other to support a welcoming shopping experience and an engaging work environment. At every level of our organization, we build our culture by serving with accountability, inspiring belonging, championing empowerment, operating with excellence, and acting with integrity. We focus our ways of working on open, frequent communication and approach our roles with a continuous improvement mindset. Our communication vehicles foster dialogue and offer continuous touchpoints for associates to hear about our strategy, values and ways of working, to learn from senior leaders about our business progress and connect with one another. Additionally, our people programs, as well as our meaningful focus on culture and belonging, reinforce our shared values and behaviors. For more information, see the “Our People” section below. Our Stores Our stores serve customers with a broad range of income levels principally in suburban locations, striving continuously to “Wow” the customer with a compelling, fun and fresh merchandise assortment comprised of a variety of things the customer wants and needs, all at incredible values in bright, clean and friendly stores. In our Dollar Tree stores, we continue to expand our brand assortment at the $1.25 price point to provide greater value to our customers and increase customer traffic and store productivity. We are continuing to expand our product assortment, which began with the introduction of $3 and $5 products in select discretionary categories, expanded into $3, $4 and $5 frozen and refrigerated product, and now comprises a wide assortment of other consumable and discretionary product at varying price points. Through a partnership with Instacart, our customers can shop online and receive delivery from more than 7,400 Dollar Tree stores, as of February 1, 2025, without having to visit a store. In our Dollar Tree Canada stores, we generally sell items for $1.75(CAD) or less. Our revenue and assets in Canada are not material. We strive to exceed our customers’ expectations for product variety and quality by offering items we believe typically sell for higher prices elsewhere, and we believe our mix of imported and domestic merchandise is critical to this end. In addition, direct 6 Table of Contents relationships with manufacturers permit us to select from a broad range of products and customize packaging, product sizes and package quantities that best meet our customers’ needs. Merchandise imported directly typically accounts for approximately 40% of our total retail value purchases, with the remaining merchandise purchased domestically. Among our foreign suppliers, China is the source of a vast majority of our direct imports and we believe that a significant portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. Our domestic purchases include basic, home, closeouts and promotional merchandise. Our stores predominantly range from 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet. We carry approximately 8,600 items in our stores, and as of the end of fiscal 2024 approximately 33% of our items were automatically replenished. The remaining items are either allocated to the stores or managed by direct store delivery (“DSD”) vendors. Through automatic replenishment, allocations and DSD vendors, each store is able to satisfy the demands of their particular customer base. We maintain a balanced selection of products within traditional variety store categories. We offer a wide selection of everyday basic products and we supplement these with seasonal, closeout and promotional merchandise. We attempt to keep certain basic consumable merchandise in our stores continuously to establish our stores as a destination and increase traffic in our stores. Closeout and promotional merchandise is purchased opportunistically and represents less than 10% of our purchases. The merchandise mix in our stores consists of: • Consumable merchandise, which includes everyday consumables such as household paper and chemicals, food, candy, health and personal care products, and in most stores, frozen and refrigerated food; • Discretionary merchandise includes the following: ◦ Variety merchandise, which includes toys, durable housewares, gifts, stationery, party goods, greeting cards, softlines, arts and crafts supplies and other items; and ◦ Seasonal goods, which include, among others, Christmas, Easter, Halloween and Valentine’s Day merchandise. For information regarding the amounts and percentages of our net sales contributed by the above merchandise categories for the last three fiscal years, please refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. Marketing & Retail Media Our marketing mission is to surprise and delight our customer with great value, assortment, and treasure hunt excitement. We believe the customer experience is extremely important to our marketing plan success and our ability to drive incremental business. Our marketing efforts are primarily focused on driving store traffic by providing value to our customers through our new advanced digital targeting capabilities, genuine and authentic brand building via social influencers and posts, showcasing amazing assortment in our digital ads, creating a robust web and app customer experience, and utilizing signage to help educate customers and drive conversion. Purchasing We believe our substantial buying power and our flexibility in making sourcing decisions contributes to our successful purchasing strategy, which includes targeted merchandise margin goals by category. We also believe our ability to negotiate with our vendor partners enables us to manage the margin impact of economic pressures. We primarily buy products on an basis and have no material purchase contracts or other assurances of continued product supply or guaranteed product cost. Historically, no merchandise vendor has accounted for more than 10% of total merchandise purchased by the company. Distribution A strong and efficient distribution network is critical to our ability to grow and to maintain a operating structure. We currently operate 15 distribution centers in the United States. New distribution sites are strategically located to reduce the distance between the distribution centers and stores, maintain flexibility and improve efficiency in our store service areas. As part of our efforts to scale our distribution network to support future store growth, we plan to convert the Odessa, Texas Family Dollar distribution center to a Dollar Tree distribution center in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. We continue to make investments in our truck fleet, transportation management systems and a new RotaCart delivery process to streamline the truck unloading and store delivery process. A RotaCart is a wheeled container that allows quick, easy store deliveries loaded by merchandise category. The RotaCarts are nestable, allowing for easy return to the distribution centers. Our stores receive approximately 90% of their inventory from our distribution centers. The remaining store inventory, primarily perishable consumable items and other display items, are delivered directly to our stores from vendors or third party distributors. For more information on our distribution center network, see “ Item 2. Properties .” Distribution services in Canada are provided by a third party from two facilities, one in British Columbia and one in Ontario. 7 Table of Contents Seasonality For information on the impact of seasonality, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors ” and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” Competition We operate in the value retail sector, which is currently and in the future expected to continue to be highly competitive with respect to price, store location, merchandise quality, assortment and presentation, and customer service, including merchandise delivery and checkout options. Our competitors include dollar stores, mass merchandisers, online retailers, discount retailers, drug stores, convenience stores, independently-operated discount stores, grocery stores and a wide variety of other retailers. These other retail companies operate stores in many of the areas where we operate, and many of them engage in extensive advertising and marketing efforts. We believe we differentiate ourselves from other retailers by providing , , merchandise in attractively-designed stores that are conveniently located. Government Regulation We are subject to a wide variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations within the United States and Canada. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, the operation of our facilities and the sale of products, including without limitation product and food safety, marketing and labeling; labor and employment, including wage and hour, benefits, healthcare and workplace safety; pricing; antitrust and fair competition; privacy and information security; tariff and trade; energy and environmental protection; financial reporting and disclosure; licensing; intellectual property; and taxes. We routinely incur significant costs, both direct and indirect, with respect to these laws and regulations which may have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. For more information, see “ Item 1A. Risk Factors .” Intellectual Property We are the owners of several trademarks including “Dollar Tree,” the “Dollar Tree” logo, and other names and designs of certain merchandise sold in our stores. Our trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Our People Our business success, customer satisfaction and employee engagement are built upon our dedicated associates who work and live in the communities we serve. Our goal is to provide a work environment that is welcoming and inclusive, offers competitive pay and benefits, supports growth and development, and affirms our corporate values. We recruit and hire in the communities we serve using associate referrals, local job fairs and social media as well as local community service partners to provide and jobs that can become lasting careers. Our Human Resources team, with oversight from our Board of Directors and its committees, develops and executes programs for compensation and benefits, onboarding and training, professional and leadership development, performance management, recognition and succession planning. We show care for our people by investing in their personal and professional growth through a variety of people programs and initiatives, including: • Compensation, benefits and . We are committed to providing pay for all positions, and we are a organization, offering performance-based compensation opportunities at nearly all levels of the organization, including certain positions. We strive to ensure gender and racial pay equity for associates performing equal or substantially similar work. Eligible associates can participate in our Retirement Savings Plan, which provides a match on the first 5% of associate contributions, and all associates can participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. All and associates are eligible for health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental and vision. Associates may be eligible for other benefits including educational assistance, disability and life insurance as well as paid maternity and parental leave. Financial support to associates recovering from natural disasters and personal hardships as well as a scholarship program for associates with children pursuing higher education are also available. Associates are offered the flexibility to advance their payday earnings to meet their personal bills and expenses. • Talent development and retention. We believe in the growth and development of our associates and are committed to building a culture of learning that gives associates the opportunity to enhance their skills at every stage of their career. To support this objective, we provide a multitude of professional and leadership development experiences, including online and trainings, tuition reimbursement for graduate, undergraduate, General Educational Development (“GED”) and English as a Second Language classes, and discounted tuition at hundreds of colleges and universities for our associates and their families. Retention of our associates is a focus for all leaders and we continuously aim to improve our turnover rate. To identify individuals, leadership assesses talent at the store manager level and above on a regular basis through structured talent reviews and succession planning paired with customized development plans. In 8 Table of Contents fiscal 2023 we also started building our first leadership academy, focusing on our field district managers and setting the stage for similar programs for other groups of leaders throughout the organization. • Culture and Belonging. Our goal is to create and support a culture of inclusion and belonging for each individual associate. We recognize that our customer base and the communities we serve are highly diverse, and we seek to create an environment in which the unique skills and perspectives of our associates and customers are understood, respected and appreciated. To further this goal, we have a Chief Culture and Belonging Officer (“CCABO”), which is a Senior Special Counsel role, on all matters related to Culture and Belonging. The CCABO is charged with creating and implementing strategies focused on corporate culture and the promotion of an inclusive environment in which all associates and customers feel welcome and valued, doing so in a manner consistent with our business goals and applicable law. In addition, we provide associate training on topics related to promoting a culture of inclusion and belonging and have formed a number of associate resource groups (“ARGs”). Each ARG is open to all associates. Our objective is to build a platform to encourage professional development, support community outreach and customer engagement, cultivate mentoring, attract talent from the communities we serve, and promote teamwork for all associates. Each ARG is supported by an executive sponsor and a Human Resources partner to ensure efforts are aligned with the business. • Workplace safety. Safety is a foundational part of our culture, embedded in all aspects of how we run our business. Our Asset Protection department, which includes Environmental, Health and Safety and Workplace Violence teams leads our comprehensive safety programming across all areas of our enterprise. Throughout the organization, we operate with a commitment to “Safety First, Safety Always,” with the shared understanding that a safe working environment is the responsibility of every associate. Through training and technology, we are able to implement measures that protect our associates and customers, and leverage predictive analytics to proactively identify and support stores in need of safety assistance. Furthermore, preventing incidents of workplace violence is a critical aspect of our safety program. Our comprehensive workplace violence prevention efforts focus on five foundational areas of training; investigation; response; prevention and community outreach. • Communication and engagement. We believe that our associates are the most critical part of our business, and supporting an engaging culture where people can do their best work is a top priority for our leaders. In recent years we have added new channels to foster dialogue and ensure we are listening to our associates and taking action on their feedback. A comprehensive strategic communication plan has been put in place to ensure our associates across the organization hear directly from our executive leaders on a regular basis to remain aligned with key priorities. Our annual associate engagement survey and semiannual pulse survey assess and highlight areas of focus that are important to our people, providing managers with quantitative and qualitative feedback directly from their teams. Our robust associate engagement survey process includes action planning to have meaningful impact on our continued cultural evolution. In addition, associates are encouraged to use our ethics hotline, known as Integrity Matters, to report concerns that they may have. Integrity Matters is a confidential reporting tool managed by an independent third party. The number of associates we employed as of February 1, 2025 is as follows, including associates within the held for sale Family Dollar business: Store and Distribution Center Associates Dollar Tree Family Dollar Store Support Center Associates Total Associates 33,233 28,712 2,489 64,434 Associates 110,050 40,224 2 150,276 Total 143,283 68,936 2,491 214,710 associates work an average of less than 30 hours per week, and the number of associates fluctuates depending on seasonal needs. We consider our relationship with our associates to be good, and have not experienced significant interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our website at www.dollartree.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 9 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store net sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. You should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. However, the risks and uncertainties that we face are not limited to those described below and those set forth in our SEC filings. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also arise. In such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. Profitability and Operational Risks Our profitability is vulnerable to cost pressures from increases in merchandise, shipping, freight and fuel costs, wage and benefit and other operating costs. Future increases in costs such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefit costs, ocean shipping rates, domestic freight costs, fuel and energy costs, tariffs, duties and other measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, and store occupancy costs, whether due to inflation and economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, or otherwise, would reduce our profitability. For example, recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, Mexico, Canada, and other countries and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries could result in us incurring substantial additional costs to procure a large portion of the merchandise we offer. In addition, we have experienced increases in wage rates and labor costs and distribution costs in prior years, and we expect further increases in certain cost categories in fiscal 2025. In addition to pressures from a tight labor market, we have incurred additional costs as a result of recent minimum wage increases by certain states and localities, and we expect additional minimum wage increases by states and localities in fiscal 2025. In addition, the U.S. Department of Labor finalized a rule in 2024 raising the minimum salary for associates to have exempt status under the Fair Labor Standards Act. Although the rule’s scheduled January 1, 2025 increase to the salary thresholds was recently vacated by a federal court, this or similar future rules could materially impact our wage rates and labor costs. Separately, government or industry actions addressing the impact of climate change, or shifts in customer preferences for more sustainable products, or our adoption of goals or initiatives aligned with related stakeholder expectations may result in increases in our merchandise or operating costs. In our Dollar Tree segment, we continue to expand our brand assortment at the $1.25 price point and our product assortment generally, which began with the introduction of $3 and $5 Dollar Tree Plus product in select discretionary categories, expanded into $3, $4 and $5 frozen and refrigerated product, and now comprises a wide assortment of other consumable and discretionary product at varying price points. Although we have increased our price points at our Dollar Tree stores and expanded our assortment, we may not be able to adjust our prices to offset cost increases. Further, raising the price point of merchandise could cause customers to buy fewer products. As a result, our ability to adjust our product assortment, to operate more efficiently or to increase our comparable store net sales in order to offset cost increases is critical to maintaining our profitability levels. Further, supply chain constraints and higher commodity costs could make it more difficult for us to obtain sufficient quantities of certain products and could negatively affect our product assortment and merchandise costs. We can give no assurance that we will be able to adjust our product assortment, operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future. Please see “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” for further discussion of the effect of economic factors on our operations. Risks associated with merchandise supply could adversely affect our financial performance. We are dependent on our vendors, including direct ship vendors, to supply suitable merchandise in a timely and efficient manner at favorable costs. If a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, or if we are unable to source an expanded assortment of appropriate product to meet our merchandising strategies, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used. We rely on the timely availability of imported goods at favorable wholesale prices. Merchandise imported directly typically accounts for approximately 40% of our Dollar Tree segment’s total retail value purchases and approximately 12% of Family Dollar’s total retail value purchases. In addition, we believe that a significant portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. Imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and result in higher profit margins. Any increase in the cost of our imported merchandise or a disruption in the flow of those goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our operations and significantly decrease our profits. Disruptions or cost increases may result from factors such as: • duties, tariffs or other measures that create barriers or restrictions on trade, including or countervailing duty orders or other sanctions and any retaliatory counter measures; 10 Table of Contents • raw material shortages, work stoppages, government restrictions, strikes and political unrest, including any impact on vendors or shipping arising from epidemics; • economic conditions in the United States or abroad; • geopolitical tensions, international disputes or conflicts, military confrontation, blockade, war, economic sanctions, piracy, acts of terrorism or other factors affecting international shipping traffic; changes in currency exchange rates or government policies and local economic conditions, including inflation (including energy prices and raw material costs) in the country of origin; • potential changes to international trade agreements or the United States’ trade policies or trade relations with other countries from which we source merchandise; and • changes in leadership and the political climate in countries from which we import products and their relations with the United States. Among our foreign suppliers, China is the source of the majority of our direct imports. In early 2025, the United States imposed or threatened to impose significant additional tariffs, including reciprocal tariffs, on China, Mexico, Canada and other countries from which we import goods. In addition, the Trump administration has announced plans to impose significant fees on Chinese shipping companies and any vessels that enter U.S. ports. The imposition of these or other additional tariffs on imported merchandise or other actions against China or other countries from which we import goods, and any retaliatory actions or other responses by such countries, could impair our ability to meet customer demand and could result in lost sales, an increase in our cost of merchandise or other adverse impacts on our operations, unless we are able to successfully offset or mitigate these impacts. Our mitigation efforts could include negotiating lower product costs, rebates or invoice deductions; shifting supply sources to alternate countries; changing our product assortment or discontinuing certain items; or increasing our prices. Even if we are able to mitigate the impact of tariffs in the through one or more of the foregoing actions, a change in product assortment, reduced product offering or increase in pricing could reduce the competitiveness of our products, particularly if our competitors do not keep pace with any such changes or are able to offset the impact of tariffs through other actions. Furthermore, in response to the recent tariffs announced by the United States, China and other countries have imposed or proposed additional tariffs on certain exports from the United States. These and any other retaliatory countermeasures imposed by countries subject to such tariffs, such as China, could increase our, or our vendors’, import expenses. Additionally, even if the products we import are not directly impacted by additional tariffs, the imposition of such additional tariffs on goods imported into the United States could cause increased prices for consumer goods in general, which could have a negative impact on consumer spending for discretionary items reducing demand for our products. These direct and indirect impacts of increased tariffs or trade restrictions implemented by the United States, both individually and cumulatively, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of future operations. In addition, the U.S. Department of Commerce recently has conducted investigations of and countervailing duties with respect to paper plates and aluminum pans. Based on determinations by the Department of Commerce and International Trade Commission, we accrued $25.0 million related to additional duties on paper plates imported during fiscal 2024. Any additional duties related to these or other goods that we import could increase the cost of our imported merchandise and adversely impact our operations and profit margins. Please see “Our profitability is vulnerable to cost pressures from increases in merchandise, shipping, freight and fuel costs, wage and benefit and other operating costs” for further discussion of the effect of costs on our operations. Higher costs and disruptions in our distribution network could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability. Our success is dependent on our ability to import or transport merchandise to our distribution centers and store, pick and ship merchandise to our stores in a safe, timely and manner, and we are relying on a number of initiatives to improve upon our logistics execution, including new management systems. In addition to our internal distribution network, we also rely heavily on third parties including ocean carriers and truckers. Some of the factors that have had and could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs are: • Efficient operations and management. Distribution centers and other aspects of our distribution network are complex and difficult to operate efficiently. If we fail to execute properly, we may not be able to deliver merchandise at the quality and in the quantities and at the times demanded to successfully meet our customers’ demand. We have also experienced and could continue to experience challenges in attracting and retaining an adequate and reliable workforce. Although we have offered enhanced wages in certain markets to address the shortage of labor at our distribution centers, such measures have increased our costs and are expected to continue to increase our costs, which could have an adverse effect on our margins and profitability. 11 Table of Contents • Distribution center capacity. We recently have experienced capacity pressure in our distribution network and are working to expand our distribution center capacity, including to replace that lost with our Marietta, Oklahoma distribution center. To the extent that we are unable to, or experience delays in, opening new distribution centers or otherwise expanding our capacity, our product availability, product mix, overall sales, and merchandise margins could be impacted, especially at Dollar Tree. • Shipping costs. We have previously experienced significant changes in freight costs. Ocean shipping and other freight costs could increase because of shocks or disruptions in the global supply chain and as freight contracts terminate or renew. A significant increase in our freight costs could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. A return to more normalized costs/rates may lag a decrease in market rates based on the timing of freight contract terms. • Trucking and diesel fuel costs. We have experienced significant increases in trucking costs in recent years due to a truck driver shortage and other factors. The truck driver shortage also required us to increase our use of more expensive surge carriers to transport our merchandise. • Shipping disruptions. We have experienced disruptions in the global supply chain, including issues with shipping capacity and port congestion, and could experience disruptions because of geopolitical tensions and other international events such as armed conflict, war, economic sanctions, piracy or acts of terrorism. Tensions in the Red Sea and traffic restrictions through the Panama Canal caused global supply chain disruptions in recent years and may continue, which could increase ocean shipping costs and transit times. Our receipt of imported merchandise has been and may in the future be disrupted or delayed because of these or other factors. Delays could potentially have a material adverse impact on future product availability, product mix, overall sales, and merchandise margins, especially at Dollar Tree. • Labor disagreement. Labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes, including at ports, rail networks, transportation companies, or other parts of our distribution network may result in lost sales due to shipping delays or disruptions in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase our costs. • Vulnerability to natural or disasters, including climate change. A fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution or store support facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores. Some facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or floods, and an increase in the severity and frequency of extreme weather events and patterns may increase our operating costs, disrupt manufacturing or our supply chain, change customer buying patterns, result in closures of our stores or distribution and store support centers and impede physical access to our stores. During 2024, a tornado destroyed our Dollar Tree distribution center in Marietta, Oklahoma. In addition to the loss of inventory in the facility and the facility itself, we incurred additional costs as a result of additional stem miles for product delivery and outside storage for the stores previously serviced by that distribution center, and we expect those costs to continue in 2025. • deliveries. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain consumable merchandise, including frozen and refrigerated products. To the extent that supply chain disruptions and higher costs affect our suppliers, we may be subject to delays or reductions in deliveries and higher costs for merchandise. We may stop selling or recall certain products for or other issues. We may stop selling or recall certain products, including our private label brands and imported products, for or other issues, including product contamination, product content, improper manufacturing or distribution processes, improper testing, product mislabeling or product tampering. We may also stop selling or recall products if the products, the operations of our suppliers, or our operations violate applicable laws or regulations, including food, drug and cosmetic safety laws, or raise potential health and issues, including improper storage, product mishandling, contamination or other adulteration, or when products or their contents could cause injury, illness or death. Any recall may require significant management attention, and we could experience significant costs, lost sales, compliance or enforcement actions by governmental authorities which could result in fines or other penalties, and/or product liability legal claims and consumer lawsuits. Recalls may also subject us to public claims of false or deceptive advertising and other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a regulatory enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. Additionally, any product recall may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. We could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending because of concerns about the quality and safety of our products or our brand standards. We could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending if our customers become concerned about the quality and safety of the products we sell. The sale of private brand items has been an important component of our sales growth and gross profit rate enhancement plans. The sale and expansion of these offerings also subjects us to or increases certain risks, such as: product 12 Table of Contents liability claims and product recalls; disruptions in raw material and finished product supply and distribution chains; supplier labor and human rights issues, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. Failure to appropriately address these risks could materially and adversely affect our private brand initiatives, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Inflation, other changes in economic conditions or consumer spending habits could impact our sales or profitability. A deterioration in economic conditions could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. Adverse economic conditions such as a recession could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, or reduce our profitability due to lower margins. Other factors that could result in or exacerbate adverse economic conditions include inflation, higher unemployment, mortgage and interest rates, consumer debt levels, trade disputes, as well as adverse climate or weather conditions, worsening or new epidemics, terrorism, or international tensions, including armed conflict and economic sanctions. We believe that these macroeconomic factors, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, negatively affect our customers and impact our sales. Furthermore, factors that could adversely affect consumer disposable income could decrease our customers’ spending on products we sell most profitably. In fiscal 2024, we continued to experience a material shift in consumer purchasing from discretionary merchandise to consumable goods, and we expect this trend could continue in 2025. Factors that could reduce our customers’ disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include inflation in food, housing, fuel or other energy costs, increased unemployment, increases in mortgage and interest rates, lack of available credit, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, increasing healthcare costs, and changes in government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (“SNAP”). If consumer spending on the goods we sell declines as a result, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Many of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, also affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy effectively and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. We have limited or no ability to control many of these factors. Our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to expand our square footage profitably. Existing store sales growth is critical to good operating results and is dependent on a variety of factors, including merchandise quality, price, relevance and availability, store operations and customer satisfaction. In addition, increased competition could adversely affect our sales. We have embarked on several initiatives to increase our sales and profitability, some of which remain in the early stages. If these initiatives are unsuccessful or we otherwise are unable to grow our sales in line with our expectations, our margins and profitability would be adversely affected. In addition, we have entered into an agreement to sell the Family Dollar business. For more information, see “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. If that sale is completed, our future growth and operating results will be dependent on our ability to increase sales and profitability in our Dollar Tree stores. Expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms. We also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores. Obtaining an increasing number of profitable stores is an challenge. In addition, our expansion is dependent upon the company and its developers’ abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits and approvals. We have experienced higher construction, commodity and other costs associated with the of new stores and the renovation of existing stores. We have also experienced delays in new store openings and the renovation of existing stores due to inspection, permitting and contractor delays. In addition, we have experienced delays in new store openings due to limitations on the availability of certain fixtures and equipment. We anticipate these increased costs and delays may continue for the foreseeable future, which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Further, we may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our profitability is affected by the mix of products we sell. Our gross profit margin decreases when we increase the proportion of higher cost goods we sell. For example, some of our consumable products carry higher costs than other goods, so our gross profit margin will be negatively impacted as the percentage of our sales from higher cost consumable products increases. Imported merchandise and private label goods generally carry lower costs than domestic goods. Our product mix is affected by the supply of goods, including imported goods, and could be negatively impacted 13 Table of Contents by various factors, including those described under “ Risks associated with merchandise supply could adversely affect our financial performance ” on page 10 and “ Higher costs and disruptions in our distribution network could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability ” on page 11. Our success also depends on our ability to select and obtain sufficient quantities of relevant merchandise at prices that allow us to sell such merchandise at profitable and appropriate prices. We recently have been expanding our product assortment at Dollar Tree, which now comprises a wide assortment of consumable and discretionary product at varying price points. If our sales price that is too high, or we do not provide a selection of popular merchandising items, our products will be less attractive to our customers and our sales could suffer. We are continuing to refine our pricing strategy and expand our assortment at Dollar Tree to provide value to our customers and increase customer traffic and loyalty and store productivity. Our inability to successfully implement our pricing strategies or assortment and provide our customers with desirable merchandise at appropriate prices could have a negative effect on our business. Our business is seasonal, and adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our financial results. Our highest sales periods are during the Christmas and Easter seasons, and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. In anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores and help ship product from our distribution centers. Lead times for seasonal product purchases are longer and could result in inventory markdowns if sales do not meet expectations. A reduction in sales during these periods could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. Untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect. When Easter is observed earlier in the year, the selling season is shorter and, as a result, our sales could be adversely affected. Easter was observed on March 31, 2024, and will be observed on April 20, 2025. Failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft may impact our financial results. Risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail business and has recently reached historically high rates. We have incurred increased costs, and could continue to incur increased costs, as we make investments in technology and personnel in an attempt to mitigate these risks. Despite our efforts, loss may be caused by error or misconduct of associates, customers, vendors or other third parties including through organized retail crime and professional theft, and may be further impacted by macroeconomic factors, including the enforcement environment, or may be the result of damage or destruction of our inventory by natural disasters. We have experienced charges in the past, and our inability to prevent and/or minimize the loss or theft of assets, or to accurately predict and accrue for the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our operating results. We have risks related to the security of our facilities including risks of personal injury to customers or associates. We operate stores and other facilities in locations subject to a risk for crimes of , theft, property damage, and interpersonal violence, which may include an active shooter or mass casualty/damage event. While we have instituted programs aimed at reducing these risks, particularly of workplace violence, no security or safety program is 100% effective, and there is a risk that they will not prevent the occurrences of such crimes or related harms. Any such incidents of violence could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, associate relations or customer reputation. We face significant pressure from competitors which may reduce our sales and profits. The retail industry is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store locations, merchandise quality, product assortment, service offerings, customer service, shopping experience, product sourcing, labor, and market share. The marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of sales channels, store formats and merchandising strategies, including mobile and online shopping. To remain competitive, we may be required to change our product offering or lower our prices, but our ability to do so may be limited with the result that we could see lower sales or reduced profitability. We expect competition to increase in the future. There are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. We compete with discount stores and many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety, online retailers, and certain specialty stores. Some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, the substantial growth in e-commerce and expanded availability of mobile, and other digital technologies has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create convenient and competitive online shopping alternatives. Some of our current and potential competitors have more significant online shopping platforms than we do, and our reliance on the shopping experience could reduce our competitiveness. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, and we believe that doing so may require substantial capital expenditures, for example in technology. Our ability to effectively compete will depend upon our ability to successfully develop and execute on our strategic initiatives. Please see “ Item 1. Business ” for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations. 14 Table of Contents Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to manage our organizational talent and capacity, including attracting and retaining qualified associates and key personnel. Our growth and performance are dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel. At our stores and distribution centers, we must recruit, develop, train, and retain qualified associates in relatively large numbers, while also working to decrease turnover in these positions. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling costs is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel, unemployment levels, wage rates and salary levels (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels), health and other insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws or other workplace regulations (including those relating to employee benefit programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs), labor activism, associate safety issues, associate expectations and productivity, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. If we are unable to attract, develop and retain adequate numbers of qualified associates, our operations, customer service levels, legal and regulatory compliance, and support functions could suffer. Further, our stores are typically staffed with relatively few associates, which increases our exposure to the foregoing risks. In addition, to the extent a significant portion of our associate base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor and other related costs could increase. The potential financial impact of union organization is further compounded by the possibility of federal agencies adopting or imposing changes to existing labor law that could facilitate union organizing. We currently do not have any employees represented by unions. Our ability to pass along labor and other related costs to our customers is constrained by our pricing model, and we may not be able to offset such increased costs elsewhere in our business. Successful execution of our plans and strategies also depends on the efforts of key management personnel. The labor market for these executives and other key personnel is nationwide in scope and intensely competitive. The loss of such personnel, or the inability to hire, train, motivate and retain them, or to manage changes to our organizational structure and capacity, could, at least temporarily, have an adverse effect on the company’s operating results and financial condition. In addition, failure to develop an adequate succession plan for senior positions could reduce our organizational capabilities and competitive advantage during a transition. We recently have experienced turnover in senior positions, which, in addition to organizational changes related to our pending sale of the Family Dollar business, can disrupt progress in implementing business strategies, result in a loss of institutional knowledge, cause greater workload demands for remaining team members and divert attention away from key areas of the business, or otherwise negatively impact the company’s growth prospects or future operating results. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, landlords, contractors, and external business partners. If we are unable to effectively manage our relationships and the agreements under which our partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the company or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. Risks Relating to Strategic Initiatives and the Pending Sale of the Family Dollar Business We may not be successful in implementing or in anticipating the impact of important strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. In recent years, we have embarked on a number of strategic initiatives across the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar banners to drive productive sales growth and improve operating efficiency. In our Dollar Tree banner, those initiatives include, among others: • We continue to expand our Dollar Tree brand assortment at the $1.25 price point and expand our product assortment, which now comprises a wide assortment of consumable and discretionary product at varying price points. • We secured the leases for 164 former 99 Cents Only Stores across Arizona, California, Nevada and Texas and opened those stores under our Dollar Tree segment. More recently we have acquired designation rights for approximately 138 Party City stores and as we complete our diligence on this group of stores, we intend to designate acceptable stores and open these as Dollar Tree segment stores. • We have initiatives to provide competitive pay and benefits, enhanced training, and other projects to support our workforce as well as initiatives to optimize and modernize our stores. Our supply chain initiatives include optimizing our transportation network and distribution methods. • We continue our significant investments in our technology across our business, including our mobile apps, store systems, merchandising and supply chain. 15 Table of Contents In addition, we have been executing on a number of strategic initiatives in our Family Dollar banner, culminating with our agreement in March 2025 to sell the Family Dollar business. For more information about the impacts of the sale of Family Dollar, please see “The completion of the pending sale of the Family Dollar business is subject to various risks and uncertainties, may not be completed in a timely fashion or at all, and the pending sale may be disruptive to our business operations and adversely affect our profitability” and “If the pending sale of the Family Dollar business is completed, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction, and the transaction may expose us to new risks” below. The implementation, timing and results of these complex strategic initiatives are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in our planning. These initiatives place significant demands on our accounting, financial, information technology, and other systems, and on our business overall. We are dependent on our management’s ability to oversee these initiatives effectively and implement them successfully. If our estimates and assumptions about our initiatives are incorrect, or if we miscalculate the resources or time we need to complete them or fail to execute on them effectively, our pursuit of these initiatives may increase our costs and reduce our margins and profitability. To be effective, our strategies have and will continue to require significant investment in operations and management focus, along with supporting investments. For example, we experienced increased expenses from temporary labor on the Dollar Tree segment during 2024 to support our rollout. If we are unable to attract and retain employees or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our efforts, implement improvements to systems in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if initiatives related to our merchandise at Dollar Tree and improved customer experience do not appeal to our customers or if we are unable to consistently meet our brand execution promises in a manner, we may experience a loss of customer confidence or lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. A failure to properly execute our plans and business strategies, delays in executing our plans and business strategies, increased costs associated with executing on our plans and business strategies, or failure to identify alternative strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The completion of the pending sale of the Family Dollar business is subject to various risks and uncertainties, may not be completed in a timely fashion or at all, and the pending sale may be disruptive to our business operations and adversely affect our profitability. As previously reported, in fiscal 2024 we initiated a formal review of strategic alternatives for the Family Dollar business. On March 25, 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Family Dollar business to Brigade Capital Management, LP and Macellum Capital Management, LLC, subject to regulatory review and other closing conditions. The pending sale of the Family Dollar business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have expended and will continue to expend significant management time and resources and have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses due to legal, advisory and financial services fees related to the sale. The majority of these expenses are payable by us regardless of whether the sale is consummated. Accordingly, if the pending sale of the Family Dollar business is delayed or is not completed on the terms set forth in the definitive purchase agreement or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or stock price could be adversely affected. In addition, the pendency and anticipated completion of the sale of the Family Dollar business may impose challenges on our business, including the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns; impacts on our resources, systems, procedures and controls; attracting, retaining and motivating key management and other employees; retaining existing, or attracting new, business and operational relationships, including with suppliers and other business counterparties; potential negative reactions from the financial markets and other unanticipated adverse impacts; any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. If the pending sale of the Family Dollar business is completed, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction, and the transaction may expose us to new risks. If the pending sale of the Family Dollar business is completed, our operational and financial profile will change significantly, with the Dollar Tree banner comprising substantially all of our retail operations. Our company following the sale would be smaller and less diversified than exists today, and our exposure to the risks inherent in our remaining business would increase. Our diversification of revenues, costs and cash flows would diminish, such that our results of operations, cash flows, working capital, and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility and vulnerability to changing market conditions. Further, there can be no assurance that our credit ratings, access to financial markets and potential sources of liquidity and/or cost of financing would not be adversely impacted following the sale. As a result, our ability to fund capital expenditures and investments, pay dividends and meet debt obligations and other liabilities may be diminished. Until the market has fully analyzed the value of the Dollar Tree banner as a separate company, the price of our common stock also may experience volatility. 16 Table of Contents In addition, the sale of our Family Dollar business and other recent strategic initiatives entail significant changes across our organizational structure, senior leadership, culture, functional alignment, outsourcing and other areas. These changes have been and could continue to be disruptive to our business operations. Further, there can also be no assurance that the stranded costs or of such a transaction will not exceed the anticipated amounts. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows, and we cannot assure you that the Dollar Tree banner, as an independent company, will be successful. Further, we expect to have continuing obligations to Family Dollar pursuant to transition services or other agreements in connection with the sale of the Family Dollar business, which could require significant management and operational resources or reduce our ability to fully realize cost savings and efficiency initiatives that we would otherwise be able to implement following such a disposition. While we anticipate receiving payment for the transition services that we provide, we may not be able to recoup all of the underlying costs. We have incurred losses due to impairment of goodwill and other assets. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we review our assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Identifiable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. An evaluation is also performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we recorded a $1,069.0 million goodwill impairment charge and a $950.0 million trade name impairment charge resulting from our annual impairment testing and a $503.9 million store asset impairment charge related to our store portfolio optimization review. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we recorded a $490.5 million goodwill impairment charge and a $1,400.0 million trade name impairment charge resulting from our annual impairment testing and an $88.1 million store asset impairment charge. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we determined that the Family Dollar business met the held for sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria and recognized an impairment of $3,438.8 million to reflect the of the carrying value to fair value less costs to sell. The Family Dollar goodwill and trade name comprise a substantial portion of our goodwill and intangible assets and management’s judgment utilized in the Family Dollar goodwill and trade name impairment evaluations is critical. Please refer to “ Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions ” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Should we experience business challenges or significant negative industry or general economic trends, we could recognize additional impairments to our goodwill, intangible assets and other assets. We monitor key assumptions and other factors utilized in our impairment analysis, and if business or other market conditions develop that are materially different than we currently anticipate, we will conduct an additional impairment evaluation. Any reduction in or impairment of assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition. We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Please refer to “ Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions ” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our estimates are often based on complex judgments, probabilities and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and subject to changing conditions and other factors beyond our control. Accordingly, actual results could be significantly different from these estimates. For example, our liabilities related to our programs, which include general liability claims, are estimates that require judgment and the use of assumptions. As a result of unfavorable developments due to the rising costs to reimburse, settle, or litigate claims related to customer accidents and other incidents at our stores, our actuarially determined liabilities were increased during 2024, contributing to a $20.4 million increase in our general liability claim expenses compared to the prior year. Should these or any other estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could adversely affect our results of operations. Cybersecurity and Technology Risks We rely on computer and technology systems in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of those systems, including because of a cyberattack, could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. We rely extensively on our computer and technology systems and, in certain cases, those of service providers to support nearly all key functions in our business, including managing inventory, operating our stores, processing credit card and customer transactions, managing our customer and associate relationships and summarizing results. Our ability to effectively manage 17 Table of Contents our business and coordinate the distribution and sale of our merchandise depends significantly on the capabilities, confidentiality, integrity and availability of these systems and on our ability to successfully acquire and integrate upgraded or replacement systems as needed to support our business requirements and strategic initiatives. We also rely on providers and platforms for many of these computer and technology systems and support. Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available to us. This may be as the result of deliberate breach in the security of these systems or platforms by bad actors, including through malicious software, ransomware and other cyberattacks, which may originate from state actors and may increase during times of international tensions. Failures may also be caused by various other factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, obsolescence or failure of vendor support, flaws in software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or service providers. To support the growth of our business, we are making substantial investments in our information technology systems. Transitioning to these new or upgraded processes and systems requires significant capital investments and personnel resources. Implementation is also highly dependent on the coordination of numerous associates, contractors and software and system providers. While these efforts have resulted in improvements to our operational systems, we expect to continue to incur expenses to implement additional improvements and upgrades to our systems. Many of these expenditures have been and may continue to be incurred in advance of the realization of any direct benefits to our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful at improving our operational systems, or that our efforts will result in the anticipated benefits to us. We may also experience difficulties in implementing or operating our new or upgraded operational or IT systems, including, but not limited to, ineffective or inefficient operations, significant system failures, system outages, delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. If our information technology systems, upgrades and associated change management are not adequate to support our business and our strategic initiatives, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive. The potential unauthorized access to our systems could disrupt operations or lead to the theft of data which may violate privacy laws and could damage our business reputation, subject us to negative publicity, litigation and costs, and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Many of our information technology systems, such as those we use for our , web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, benefits, accounting, and internal and external communications, contain personal, financial, or other confidential information that is entrusted to us by our customers and

[truncated]