BETA Close X Breedon Group PLC has provided an update on its "Back British Cement" campaign, highlighting engagement with the government but stressing the need for further progress on key issues. The company, which supplies approximately two million tonnes of cement annually and supports over 4,000 jobs, is concerned about the declining UK cement production and the competitive disadvantage faced by domestic producers due to uncompetitive industrial electricity costs and uneven carbon regulations compared to foreign importers, which now represent over a third of UK cement sales. Breedon is seeking government action on strengthening the UK Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM), aligning UK-EU carbon pricing, including cement in industrial electricity compensation schemes, explicitly recognising cement as a strategic material in procurement reforms, and accelerating support for industrial decarbonisation technologies. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 11 August 2026 11 August 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC "Back British Cement" campaign update Good engagement with government but further clarification and progress needed Breedon Group ('Breedon' or 'the Group'), a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, today announces an update to its Back British Cement campaign, which was launched in January this year to make the case for urgent action to secure the future of domestic cement production. We were pleased to hear the new Prime Minister highlighting the importance of supporting British industry in his recent Downing Street speech, and the new Chancellor's call for "Buying British by design". Cement will also be crucial to delivering the new PM's growth agenda, including the new council homes he has promised, alongside private homes and nationally significant infrastructure. Breedon supplies around two million tonnes of cement annually from our UK and Irish operations, and is embedded in communities across Britain, supporting more than 4,000 jobs across 350 sites. However, UK cement production is now at its lowest level since 1950. Domestic producers face structurally uncompetitive industrial electricity costs and uneven carbon regulations compared to foreign importers - often from jurisdictions with weaker climate commitments than our own - which now account for more than a third of UK cement sales. Since launching our Back British Cement campaign in January, we have engaged with Government and in particular DESNZ, DBT and HMT. These discussions are ongoing, but we still need further clarification and progress across the following areas: · CBAM and carbon leakage: Strengthen the UK CBAM ahead of its implementation in January 2027 by publishing implementation and methodology details as early as practicable, and ensuring imported cement faces equivalent carbon costs to UK producers. · UK-EU carbon alignment: Continue work to align UK and EU carbon pricing and ensure the two CBAM schemes operate coherently, reducing unnecessary trade friction. · Energy costs and industrial competitiveness: Include cement within industrial electricity compensation schemes, helping to address high power costs that hold back competitiveness, investment and growth. · "Buy British": Build on the Government's new procurement reforms by explicitly recognising cement and concrete as strategic materials that support British jobs, skills and supply chains across the UK. · Industrial decarbonisation: Accelerate support for carbon capture, fuel switching and other low-carbon technologies that enable British cement manufacturers to decarbonise production while remaining globally competitive. Rob Wood, Chief Executive of Breedon said: "Our Back British cement campaign advocates for a level playing field for the domestic cement industry, including effective carbon border measures, to support UK construction, economic growth and national resilience. We believe domestic cement producers should be allowed to compete fairly with overseas manufacturers, who do not face the same high energy prices and carbon taxes." Mike Pearce, Chief Executive of Breedon GB said: "Without urgent action to address industrial electricity cost disparities and uneven carbon frameworks, the dependence on imported cement - often from jurisdictions with weaker carbon regimes - will accelerate, whereas a robust British cement industry has the opportunity to be a global exemplar for greening heavy industry. Procuring more British cement for government backed projects, whether infrastructure or housing, rather than imports, can also make a significant difference to job security and supporting communities across the country." Enquiries MHP (Public relations and public affairs adviser to Breedon) +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com For more information on the Back British Cement campaign go to: https://www.breedongroup.com/back-british-cement Photographs available. About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.7bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with a long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants manufacture a product which is key to delivering infrastructure and housing, and are actively engaged in carbon reduction practices. The Group's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group executes its 'Expand' and 'Improve' strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 7 minutes ago GSK 22 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 22 minutes ago Marshalls 34 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and