Across The Markets: Breedon, Quilter, Games Workshop 2025-03-05 08:49:49 (1 year ago) Related Companies: Breedon Group (BREE) , Games Workshop Group (GAW) , Quilter (QLT) Breedon Full year results are out from the construction materials group Breedon this morning, with the note highlighting how the company’s move into the US has bolstered revenues despite a decline in volumes. Management are bullish on the outlook, noting that the UK market likely hit its floor in 2024, giving confidence to increase dividends by 7%. The company also announced the acquisition of Lionmark Construction in the US for $238m in what it described as an earnings enhancing transaction, more than doubling the company’s US revenues. Shares in Breedon were 10% higher shortly after the open. Quilter Asset managers Quilter published their full year numbers this morning, with a 17% increase in adjusted profits plus a 200 basis point rise in operating margins. Net inflows were also strong and a 13% increase in the full year dividend has been proposed, too, in line with the EPS growth. The Quilter share price was up more than 7% in early trade. Games Workshop It was the briefest of trading updates which management at Games Workshop published this morning, but it certainly delivered an impact. The FTSE-100 miniature wargame manufacturer noted that a solid start to calendar year 2025 had positioned it well for the full year and they now expect pre-tax profits to be ahead of expectations. Games Workshop shares were up 8% by 8.30am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Trading Update - - Games Workshop Group (GAW) Acquisition - - Breedon Group (BREE) Group Chief Executive succession - - Balfour Beatty (BBY) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 7 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 7 hours ago Great Southern Copper 7 hours ago OSB Group 7 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and