BETA Close X Breedon Group plc announced that Chief Executive Officer Rob Wood was granted 462,179 ordinary shares under the company's Performance Share Plan on April 14, 2026, with no cost involved. Similarly, Chief Financial Officer James Brotherton received 280,448 ordinary shares under the same plan on the same date, also at nil cost. These awards are subject to a three-year performance period and vesting, followed by an additional two-year holding period. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 16 April 2026 LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 16 April 2026 BREEDON GROUP plc (Breedon or the Company) Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Rob Wood 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer (PDMR) b) Is this an initial notification or an amendment to a prior notification? Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Breedon Group plc b) LEI 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each GB00BM8NFJ84 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of conditional award under the Company's Performance Share Plan, which is subject to a three-year performance period and will normally vest three years from the date of grant, subject to continued employment and the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out on page 148 of the Company's 2025 Annual Report and Accounts; in addition, any resulting shares will be subject to a further holding period of two years from the date of vesting c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 462,179 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 462,179 £nil e) Date of transaction 2026-04-14 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name James Brotherton 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer (PDMR) b) Is this an initial notification or an amendment to a prior notification? Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Breedon Group plc b) LEI 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each GB00BM8NFJ84 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Awards under Performance Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) Nil 280,448 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 280,448 £nil e) Date of transaction 2026-04-14 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Enquiries: Breedon Group plc www.breedongroup.com James Atherton-Ham, Group General Counsel +44 (0) 1332 694000 Louise Turner-Smith, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7860 911909 MHP (Public Relations Adviser) +44 (0) 7508 012457 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Savills 36 minutes ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 40 minutes ago Great Southern Copper 49 minutes ago OSB Group 53 minutes ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and