BETA Close X Breedon Group plc announced the appointment of Louis Eperjesi as a non-executive director, effective in early 2027, who will join multiple board committees. Eperjesi brings extensive experience from the building materials sector, having previously served as CEO of Tyman plc and holding senior roles at other industry leaders. He currently holds non-executive positions at several listed companies and plans to step down from Ibstock plc before joining Breedon's board. This appointment is expected to enhance the Group's commercial and strategic capabilities. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 29 July 2026 29 July 2026 BREEDON GROUP PLC Appointment of Non-Executive Director Breedon Group plc ("Breedon" or the "Group"), a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, is pleased to announce the appointment of Louis Eperjesi as a non-executive director to take effect in early 2027. On appointment, Louis will become a member of the Audit and Risk, Remuneration, Nomination, and Sustainability Committees of the Board. Louis has had a long career in the building materials sector, most recently as CEO of Tyman plc, a leading international supplier of engineered components and access solutions to the construction industry. Prior to this, he held senior executive roles at Kingspan, Baxi Group, Lafarge and Caradon. He is currently a non-executive director of Howden Joinery Group plc, Ibstock plc, Trifast plc, and Accsys Technologies plc, which is listed on the LSE AIM market and Euronext Amsterdam. Prior to joining the Board of Breedon, Louis plans to step down as a director of Ibstock plc. Amit Bhatia, Chairman of Breedon, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Louis to the Board of Breedon. He brings with him a wealth of experience in building materials across international markets, together with commercial, strategy development, and change management experience. We look forward to him joining us early next year." Additional information 1. A further announcement will be made once the effective date of Louis' appointment is known. 2. This announcement is made in compliance with the Company's obligations under Listing Rule 6.4.6. 3. There are no additional matters that would require disclosure under 6.4.8R of the Listing Rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority in respect of this appointment. ENQUIRIES Breedon Group plc James Atherton-Ham, Company Secretary +44 (0) 1332 694000 MHP (Public relations adviser) +44 (0) 7595 461231 Reg Hoare, Charles Hirst, Ally Bayne breedon@mhpgroup.com About Breedon Group plc Breedon Group plc, a leading vertically-integrated construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland and the United States, delivers essential products to the construction sector. Breedon holds 1.7bn tonnes of mineral reserves and resources with a long reserve life, supplying value-added products and services to a broad range of customers through its extensive local network of quarries, ready-mixed concrete and asphalt plants. The Group's two well-invested cement plants manufacture a product which is key to delivering infrastructure and housing, and are actively engaged in carbon reduction practices. The Group's 4,900 colleagues embody our commitment to 'Make a Material Difference' as the Group executes its 'Expand' and 'Improve' strategy to create sustainable value for all stakeholders. Breedon shares (BREE) are traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and are a constituent of the FTSE 250 index. LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 7 minutes ago GSK 22 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 22 minutes ago Marshalls 34 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and