*AEIMRAEI*

Making:
naopen

! AED

Breedon Group ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2024

Strateaicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation

Our purpose is to make a
material difference to the lives
of our colleagues, customers.
and communities.

We achieve that by delivering
essential construction materials
while living our values;

keeping it simple, striving to
improve, making it happen

and showing we care.

IMAL

‘The strategic report has been
‘approved by the Board of Directors
‘and signed on its behalf by:

Rob Wood
Chief Executive Officer
SMarch 2025

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE REPORT CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Making ithappen »01 Board of Directors s102 Independent Auditor's report sz
Investment case x04 Corporate governance statement 04 Consolidatedincomestatement 62
Breedonat aglance 108 Boardinaction 08 Consolidated statement 63
of comprehensive income
Chair's statement 208 Culture and colleague engagement 07
Consolidated statement 64
Market review m0 Engaging with shareholders 09 offinancial position
Business model "6 Audit &RiskCommitteereport liz Consolidated statement 65
of changes in equity
Chief Executive Officer'sreview  »22, NominationCommittee report #8
and outlook Consolidated statement 68
wi
~ereecon 30 2a Sustainability Committeereport 121 of cashflows
Operating reviews 282 Compliancestatement against. »128_-Notes tothe consolidated
or ao aN the Code statements
Key performance indicators »40
—————___________. rectors: Remunerationreport»29- COMPANY FINANCIAL
ChiefFinancialOtficersreview m2 vga STATEMENTS
Managing our risks and “48 ~ Remuneration t aglance "33 Company balance sheet 200
opportunities =Directors'RemunerationPolicy "34
= Principalrisks 51 -AnnualReportonRemuneration sis Company statement of 201
—E—EAEerrrvoeee—— changes inequity
~Climate-related risks and “52 Directors’ report ma
opportunities P Notes to the Company 202
wiso_ financial statements
Viability Statement “67
responsibilities Subsidiaries 07
Sustainability 168
planet - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
People 81 Shareholder information
~Places 288 a
~Principles I lossary 28

Section 172(1) Statement 95

I

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024 Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation a

Breedon is a leading vertically-integrated international vt revenue Robust earnings

construction materials group in Great Britain, Ireland
and the United States, fe ryt

We supply the construction industry with the essential

t a 1 cornings betor interest
materials needed to build the places where we live § tax, depreciation and.
and work, play and in-between. Resilient returns [amortisation

We use our core assets to produce valued-added
downstream products, pulling through our aggregates
and cement to be used in the production of ready-
mixed concrete and asphalt, and the provision of
surfacing solutions.

Our growth strategy has served us well, building
platforms in three geographies and delivering 19%
compound revenue growth since our first full year
of trading as Breedon. Our evolved strategy will
ensure we continue to Expand and Improve Breedon :
as we deliver the next chapter of growth

9.0%

F Return oninvested capital

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation

Making it happen |

|EXPAND

\ At Breedon, our ambitionto

become aleading vertically-

J inteoratedinternational
construction materials groupis

driven by our growth mindset

Since Breedon was formed, we
have experienced rapid expansion,
powered by two complementary
routes to growth,

{
;
:
i

revenue

‘We focuson supplying essential
materials to end-markets

that benefit from long-term
structural growth dynamics,
ensuring we are well-positioned
inhigh-demand sectors.

We pursue carefully selected
transactions to consolidate
the markets in which we
operate, strengthening our
competitive position and
expanding our footprint.

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation 03

Making it happen

through our focus on commercial
relentless focus on improving our

and operational excellence,
and attempt to ensure that
assets and operations. Wedevote | every operations optimised for
significant time andresourcesto _ {performance and value
ensure we replenishand extend
e Embracing innovation is key

our valuable mineralreserves and (ea eee
resources. These are the lifeblood of } nr y

1 increasing the value of every tonne
our business anda significant store

of value for our future f ofmaterialwe quarry

i

We are committed to maximising
the efficiency of our assets
Our growthis enhanced bya

!
{
*
'
+)
i

Breedon Groupe AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionainformation

04

Investment case

We offer sustainable long-term
growth, underpinned by a

The foundations of our asset-backed model Segoe we
are 1.4 billion tonnes of mineral reserves and Acagionce ”
resources and two well-invested cement plants.

Our vertically-integrated operating model offers —-—____
margin-enhancing routes to market by pulling Businessmodel "6
through our aggregates and cement to be used in

the production of ready-mixed concrete and asphalt

and the provision of surfacing solutions.

We supply essential materials to attractive

end-markets, such as infrastructure and Morketreviw
housebuilding, which benefit from long-term

structural growth trends.

"0

Our self-help culture of continuous improvement
supports margin enhancement and drives returns Stotegy
in excess of our cost of capital.

Our disciplined capital allocation enhances returns,

generates strong Free Cash Flow, supporting Financilceview
multiple routes to growth, and enabling the payment

of a progressive dividend.

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024 Strategic report Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation 05

Investment case

Anoutstanding Breedon
track record Sixbolt-on
of sustainable sransactions
growth

Hope Lagan Cemex ps
UKassets

Nine bolt-on

transactions

20" 2022018 20142015,
Since our first full year of trading

a8 Breedon, we have undertaken ———

27 acquisitions while simultaneously C
pursuing organic growth. £16om @
Inthis time, our growth has outpaced our,

markets, we have successfully converted
profits to cash and rapidly reduced

2016 -2017-««-2018_-«-2019-«-2020« 2021-2022 «2028-2024

RevenueCAGR? 19% £1,576m

leverage following each transaction. £m ec

Underlying EBITDA'CAGR 24% 270m)

Underlying EBITDA margin expansion 700bps 17%

1 CovenantLeveragehas been calculatedona

Sonsstentoass or ahperods towing ine
frncoles set oun he Groopscurent eet acy
Shroom Note ofthe consokduted tral
otererts conta rte Stoo Piscaledaion
2 CAGR:Compound annual rowthrate i i

3. Undertying EBITDA eters toearnings before interes
tax. depreciation andamortisaton

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionainformation

06

Breedon at a glance

Abalancedportfolio of
high-quality assets operated

by our first-class team

Asset-backed and vertically-integrated

‘Aggregates (Our avorries supply egeregatesto our exert
customers dour own ready-mined concrete

>100 {and asphalt plants. puling materials through

usres the business model

‘Cement (Our wettinvestedcamentpantsare capable
ofprodueing morethantwomiion tonnes

2 ‘ofcement annvaly,

ents

(Our reedy-mixed conerete plants supply

Ready-mixed concrete
‘Qualty-assured concrete, screedandmortar

>200 toabroad scope of projects.

plants

Asphalt ‘Our asphalt plants supply quality-assured
materials toa widerange of projects from,

>50 ‘car parks tomajor trunk roads.

plants

Surfacing (Our Great Britain surfacing operations are

strategically located in England and Scotland,
serving our national, local and airport
customers efficiently and sustainably,

‘Ourlreland surfacing and contracting
‘activities benefit from multi-year frameworks
‘and term contracts, delivering high-profile
projects including aiports and major trunk
roadresurfacing.

Our strategy

Our culture
Tomakea material iferenceto
Ourpurpose thelives of our colleagues. customers
andcommenties
Our values Our people

We are committed to upholding clear
‘authentic behaviours that driveleng-
term success. By staying truetocur
principles, we create foundation of trust,
integrity and accountabilty that supports
sustainable growth

KEEPIT
SIMPLE

STRIVETO
IMPROVE

MAKEIT
HAPPEN

sHOW
WE CARE

Our peopleareone of our
oreatestassets. Theie safety and
wellbeing is ourhighest priority
{and the objective of our Home
Safeand Well campaign,

4,500

people

40

new graduates andaporentices

78%

colleague engagement score

Breedon Group ple AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation o7
Breedon at a glance Great Britain
Anextensive footprint of
{quarries and downstream

with
leading market shares

United States

Headquartered St Louis, Missouri,our US

business is well situated for expansion across

the Migwest, operating a concentrated
network of quarries and ready-mixed
concrete plants.

More detail

Reserves
and resources

1.4 billion tonnes
tonnes

We are stewerdsof.Abilion
tonnes of mineral reserves and
resources equivalent to sround 47
yearsof production

Ireland

network of quarries and plants
across the Island of relanc,
supporting a highly regarded
surfacing business.

More detail 134

operations. extending
fromHampshiretothe
Hebrides.

More detail “32

Cement

‘OurCement division operates
twowell-nvested plantsin GB and
Ireland, producing more than two
‘milion tonnes of cement annwaly

More cetat 8
Connected
urextensiveroadand ai

haulageintrastructure delivers
ourmineralreservesand
resources to our customers
sustainably,

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Strategicreport Governance Financialstatements Additionalinformation 08

Chair’s statement

LA

Breedonis onan exciting
journey, defined by

the passion, dedication
and commitment

of our team.

Amit Bhatia
Chair

We are ona path that will be
defined by growth and driven
by the people who make
Breedon unique.

Aremarkable year of
achievements

lam immensely proud of the ach evernents
we have made as a company, particularly

in 2024, which marks a significant milestone
inour growth journey as we entered tre US.
construction materials market.

‘Whether on site or in leadership,eact
team member playsa crucial role in diving
Breedon forward, creating oppertunities
and delivering remarkable results.

Our teamhas shown exceptional resiience
and determination. We have success‘ully
Ravigated challenging markets and poor
weather to deliver record revenue and grow
‘our Underlying margins.

This successis a testament to the
unwavering commitment and passion of
our people at every level of the organisation,

Onbehalf of the Board, | want to exp-ess
our heartfelt thanks to each member of
the Breedon team for their hard work
and dedication.

Refreshing our ambition

Three years ago, at our first Capital Markets
Event, we outlined our ambitious plans for
the future. Since then we have delivered,

‘We established a third platform and made
tremendous progress on our sustainability
strategy. We grew the dividend, exceeding
our target payout ratio ahead of schedule
‘and we continued to invest through the
cycle, deploying capital to drive growth
inthe long term.

These outstanding achievements werenot
left tochance. They are the direct result of
the strategic vision, careful planning and
relentless execution by our passionate team.

In2024 we were delighted to host our
second Capital Markets Event where
we evolved our strategy, upgraded our
sustainability targets and clarified our
ambitious plans for expansion.

At the core of our simplified strategy
remains our intention to prioritise profitable
and sustainable growth,

Breedon Group ple Annual Report and Accounts 2024

strategic

port Governance Financialstatements “Additional information

09

Chai

statement

Delivering on our strategic
commitments

‘One of the most exciting strategic
developments of 2024 was our entry
into the US.

‘The US construction materials market offers
tremendous growth potential and it was
essential to identify the right entry point.

After a thorough search and careful
consideration, the Board was delighted to
approve the acquisition of BMC.

Thisisa landmark transaction and

has opened up years of new growth
‘opportunities for Breedon. We have
found in BMC a business with a strong
cultural alignment, sharing our values and
commitment to excellence, and we are
excited about the long-term prospects,

it brings to the Group.

Positioned for growth

‘Together, we have established a strong
foundation, positioning Breedon for
further success.

We have built a tried and tested model with
extraordinary potential. Wehave retained a
strong and flexible balance sheet.

(Our people are at the heart of our success.
and our culture of empowerment,
accountability and respect has fostered a
world-class team with exceptional talent.

Exciting future opportunities

Looking ahead, Breedonis positioned
for continued success and our futureis,
filled with exciting possibilities to grow
and mature.

‘As we continue to expand, thoughtful
capital deployment will remain central
tothe Board's considerations, balancing
‘growth with maturity, and financial flexibility
with value creation.

Thereis much to look forward to. Weare
‘excited for the future and confident Breedon
will continue to thrive in the years ahead.

Seeking re-election

Since joining the Board in 2016 it has
been an incredible privilege tobe part of
Breedon's transformation. lam deeply proud
of what we have accomplished together

‘and the bright future we have created.

am eager to contribute to our ongoing
development. Therefore, lam seeking
re-election in 2025.

lam excited to continue working alongside
‘our exceptional team as we drive Breedon
toward even greater successin the

years ahead. .
‘Amit Bhatia

Chair .
5 March 2025 .

Board site visit

—
‘TheBoardsitevsitto
‘our Dowlow quarryin
September 2024

attractive end-markets
with essential building
materials, products
and services

|

strategcrapert Governance Financialstaterents _Acitionalinormation 0

|

!
|
Growth drivers |
|

Economic driver

The construction industry playa
fundamental role in everyday life and
construction actvtyis widely recognised
tobe asigniicant contributor tg economic
prosperity creating meitaiing and
improving the but environment

According to the CBI, every E1spent on

Uk construction contributed 2.92 of value
tothe UK economy, employing 2.3 million
people directly and generating 6% cf UK
Gross Value Added. in the US the impact is
even greater with every US$1 of aggregates
sales generating nearly US$4 cf sales in the
wider economy,

‘The population in our core markets’s
growing and urbanising, The UK population
is forecast to grow 7% in the decade
0.2032, while in the Rol, the population

is set to increase by one million between,
2022 and 2040.

Although the US populations growing at
less than 1%, a greater proportion willive
inurban settings. With household formation
outpacing population growth, the pressure
onourinfrastructure, residential and
non-residential spacesis likely to persist.
(Source: CBLNSSGA)

Essential industry

Mineral products are a key component
of the construction supply chain, providing
essential heavyside building materials,
tothe construction sector, including
‘aggregates, cement and concrete products
28s well as asphalt and surfacing materials.
Conereteis the most abundant man-made
material on the planet and fundamental
toshaping our world.

‘The market in GBis relatively consolidated,
Breedonis one of the top five aggregates
producers who together have access
toc.78% of allconsented reserves, with
‘around 300 companies accounting

for the remainder.

Inthe US the market is highly fragmented
with c.40% of the market supplied by

the top ten providers, with over 5,000
companies delivering the remaining 60%
market share.

Planning consent for new quarries is.

rarely granted, emphasising the need for
long-term strategic planning to secure
extensions to the existing estate, alongside
efficient mineral production

Due to the heavy nature of the materials
and associated costs of transport. markets
are driven by local and regional factors,
(Source: MPA, BDS Market nteligence)