BETA Close X Breedon Group plc announced that Clive Watson, a Non-executive Director and Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, purchased 436 ordinary shares at £3.3344 per share on November 12, 2025, through a dividend reinvestment plan, totaling an investment of £1,453.80. This transaction, conducted on the London Stock Exchange, is an initial notification made in accordance with UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* Breedon Group PLC 12 November 2025 LEI: 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 12 November 2025 BREEDON GROUP plc ( the Company) Director / PDMR Dealings The Company has been notified that, pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan, on 12 November 2025 Clive Watson, Non-executive Director of Breedon Group plc and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ( PDMR) , bought 436 shares of £0.01 each in the Company ( Ordinary Shares ), at a price of £3.3344 per Ordinary Share. This notification is made in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Enquiries: Breedon Group plc www.breedongroup.com James Atherton-Ham, Company Secretary +44 (0) 1332 694414 Louise Turner-Smith, Head of Investor Relations +44 (0) 7860 911909 MHP (Public Relations Adviser) +44 (0) 7770 753544 Reg Hoare, Rachel Farrington, Charles Hirst breedon@mhpgroup.com Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Clive Watson 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Non-executive Director and PDMR b) Is this an initial notification or an amendment to a prior notification? Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Breedon Group plc b) LEI 213800DQGNQE3X76WS92 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.01 each GB00BM8NFJ84 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of Ordinary Shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £3.3344 per share 436 d) Aggregated information (if any) - Aggregated volume - Price 436 £1,453.80 e) Date of transaction 12 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Breedon Group (BREE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 7 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 7 minutes ago GSK 22 minutes ago Foresight Group Holdings Limited NPV 22 minutes ago Marshalls 34 minutes ago Glanbia (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and