Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 49 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 99 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 99 Item 9B. Other Information 99 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 99 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 100 Item 11. Executive Compensation 101 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 102 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 103 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 103 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 104 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 109 SIGNATURES 110 Table of Contents Otis Worldwide Corporation's and its subsidiaries' names, abbreviations thereof, logos, and product and service designators are all either the registered or unregistered trademarks or tradenames of Otis Worldwide Corporation and its subsidiaries. Names, abbreviations of names, logos, and product and service designators of other companies are either the registered or unregistered trademarks or tradenames of their respective owners. As used herein, the terms "we", "us", "our", "the Company" or "Otis", unless the context otherwise requires, mean Otis Worldwide Corporation and its subsidiaries. References to Internet websites in this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only. Information available through these websites is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. PART I Item 1. Business Our Company Otis is t he world’s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation and service company. We serve customers in ov er 200 countries and territories around t he world. Otis has global scale and local focus, with more than 1,400 branc hes and offices, and a direct physical presence in more than 70 co untries. The following description of our busin ess should be read in conjunction with Item 7 in this Form 10-K, including the information contained therein under the heading "Business Overview." Description of Business by Segment Our Company is organized into two segments, New Equipment and Service, which, for 2024, contributed 38% and 62% of our net sales, and 13% and 87% of our segment operating profit, respectively. Our international operations represented appro ximately 70% of our net sales for 2024. New Equipment Through our New Equipment segment, we design, manufacture, sell and install a wide range of passenger and freight elevators, as well as escalators and moving walkways for residential, commercial and infrastructure projects. Our New Equipment customers include real estate and building developers and general contractors who develop and/or design buildings for residential, commercial, retail or activity. We also sell New Equipment to government agencies, particularly, to support infrastructure projects, such as airports, railways or metros. We generally sell directly to our customers through our New Equipment sales personnel. Due to the nature of the customer base in China and certain other geographies, our direct sales force is augmented by agents and distributors. Given the breadth of our customer base and the large number of customers to whom we deliver new equipment on an annual basis, we are not dependent on any single customer and do not have any contracts material to Otis as a whole with any single customer. The same is true for our broad and geographically dispersed network of agents and distributors. New Equipment customers typically engage with us at an early stage during the construction cycle. The timing of order placement depends on factors including project complexity and customer requirements. Elevator installation usually occurs midway through building construction. New Equipment orders are generally delivered w ithin 12 months of booking, although larger projects can take longer to deliver based on customer construction schedules, and in some regions, mostly in China, the order to delivery window is shorter. When placing New Equipment orders, customers typically make an advance payment to cover costs including design and contract engineering. These advance payments are typically followed by periodic progress payments at specified milestones, such as delivery of materials at the job site and completion of installation and equipment commissioning. Installation is carried out by our installation technicians or through subcontractors, in which case we typically complete the final inspection and commissioning to ensure that our quality standards are met. Revenues are recognized based on percentage of completion. Once commissioned, New Equipment units are typically supported by a warranty for a limited period of time. We have developed a range of elevator and escalator solutions to meet the varying needs and objectives of our diverse customers, primarily centered around the following elevator platforms: Gen2 , Gen3 , Gen360 and SkyRise . Our primary elevator and escalator solutions are described below. 1 Table of Contents Gen2 Historically, Gen2 is our principal elevator solution. Since its launch in 2000, we have sold over one million units, making it our elevator platform. Gen3 The successor to the Gen2 family of elevators, the Gen3 platform enhances the , design of the Gen2 elevator with the connectivity of the Otis ONE IoT (internet of things) digital service platform, while offering additional safety features for passengers and our colleagues who maintain the elevator. In 2023, we introduced the new Gen3 Core elevator in North America, which was designed specifically for buildings, bringing passengers connectivity, style, and comfort. The Gen3 Core helps minimize energy consumption, material usage and installation costs. Gen360 Initially launched in Europe, we expanded the Gen360 platform into China in 2023. The Gen360 elevator frees hoistway space to accommodate larger cabins and features a new electronic architecture, with many mechanical components replaced by electronic components that, when combined with our service, increase reliability and reduce the potential for entrapments. A foldable, platform allows maintenance operations to be performed safely from within the car rather than on top of it and, depending on local regulations, eliminates the need for a refuge space above the car and the protrusion on the roof allowing for a flat roof design. With optional 360-degree cameras in the hoistway, Otis service teams can visually confirm, , diagnose and solve many issues remotely without stopping the elevator. The Otis ONE IoT solution adds a network of sensors for status updates. SkyRise For taller, buildings, the SkyRise advanced elevator platform combines technologies and precision engineering to deliver solutions for residential, commercial and skyscrapers. Escalators and Moving Walkways In addition t o elevator solutions, we also offer escalators and moving walkways. With a range of finishes and aesthetics, Otis escalators integrate easily with any building design. Our smart design and features enhance sustainability and passenger safety, such as escalators and moving walkways that efficiently run only when passengers approach, or operate at reduced speeds to conserve energy when there are no riders. Service Through our Service segment, we perform maintenance and repair services, as well as modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. We have a maintenance portfolio of approximately 2.4 million units globally, which includes Otis equipment manufactured and sold by us, as well as equipment from other original equipment manufacturers. Through our network of service sales personnel, we sell our services directly to customers in all significant elevator and escalator verticals around the world. Service customers typically comprise building owners, facility managers, housing associations and government agencies that operate buildings where elevators and escalators are installed. Customers securing services for elevators are frequently different from those who initially make purchasing decisions with respect to New Equipment solutions. As the largest service provider in the industry worldwide, we have a wide range of customers in our Service segment and do not have any single service contract that is material to Otis as a whole. Contract duration depends on several factors, including customer needs, regulatory requirements and industry/geography dynamics. We work closely with our customers to renew these contracts as appropriate. Certain types of customers, such as those owning or operating large properties or portfolios of properties, tend to execute maintenance agreements. 2 Table of Contents We provide our Service offerings to our customers through a global network of 36,000 Service mechanics operating ou t of more than 1,400 bra nches and offices typically located in close proximity to concentrations of customers. Our mechanics are critical to our ability to deliver a high level of service to our customers. Our OTISLINE operations provide personalized customer support 24/7. They receive customer service requests and assign and dispatch field technicians, as necessary, to respond to service requests. We support our customers with our network of service parts centers and repair centers. Our services include inspections, preventive maintenance offerings and other customized maintenance offerings tailored to meet customer needs. A basic maintenance contract provides for inspection consistent with local regulatory needs. We offer incremental, tiered maintenance and service offerings, with varying levels of coverage up to and including comprehensive component replacement coverage. We also provide customers with repair services to address equipment and component wear and tear, as well as breakdowns. We seek to grow our maintenance portfolio through conversion of newly installed units into maintenance contracts, through prospecting and winning units already in service from customers using another service provider and through acquisitions. Our Service sales personnel seek to win service contracts upon the expiration or termination of existing service contracts from customers by offering a superior value proposition through service excellence, an engaged and technically sophisticated group of field service technicians, a streamlined customer experience and reliable elevator and escalator operating performance. Similar to most other equipment, elevators and escalators are subject to wear and tear, which over time erodes equipment functionality. As elevator equipment ages, we work with customers to help renew or refresh their elevators with modernization solutions that enhance equipment operation, improve building functionality and contribute to more sustainable building systems. Modernization offerings can range from relatively simple upgrades of interior finishes and aesthetics to complex upgrades of larger components and . Our GEN3 MOD Plus modernization offering for residential, commercial, hospitality, medical or industrial buildings includes connectivity to our Otis ONE IoT digital platform. Digital Technology initiatives Otis offers a range of technologies for improving the passenger experience and we have been using technology to monitor elevator performance remotely for decades. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 1.0 million units of our global portfolio, including units under the warranty period, are connected. In 2025, we expect to continue to innovate and expand our digital ecosystem and suite of digital solutions for both our existing service portfolio customers and for new equipment shipments from our factories. Otis ONE is our latest IoT technology, designed to continuously monitor equipment health and performance in real time to provide proactive, predictive and transparent information to our technicians and customers. The technology expands predictive and remote maintenance capabilities to support improved elevator and service productivity. We offer additional technology and multimedia options to customers with voice, data and video digital services, leveraging our IoT technologies, as described below. These are often incorporated as an optional upgrade on maintenance contracts. eView Display Our display streams live, customizable infotainment to passengers and can connect them to OTISLINE, Otis' 24-hour service call center, during an emergency. Compass 360 Destination Management System Our proprietary destination management system groups passengers by their desired destination and directs them to an assigned car that minimizes waiting and ride time. The system's algorithms anticipate traffic demand within a building and improve traffic flow. eCall Plus Smartphone App Otis' smartphone app enables passengers to summon their elevator remotely for a touchless experience. 3 Table of Contents Research and Development & Intellectual Property Innovation is a fundamental characteristic of our history and is central to our strategy. For 2024 , research and development ("R&D") expense wa s $152 million and 1.1% as a percentage of net sales. In addition to R&D expense, we made investments in digital and strategic initiatives of $53 million , which in combination with R&D expense was 1.4% as a percentage of net sales. We coordinate our R&D efforts globally through an operating model that sets global and local priorities based on customer and segment needs. We have 11 R&D centers and 17 factories around the world, including major locations in China, India, Japan, France, Germany, Spain and the United States. The R&D centers are strategically located close to concentrations of customers and factories to enable efficient development of engineering solutions that can serve a s global model products and adapt quickly and efficiently to local customer needs and local demographic and construction trends. We have 1,300 engi neers globally, with increasing focus on digital initiatives, software, design of the user interface and the user experience. We maintain a portfolio of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses and franchises related to the Otis business to protect our R&D investments in products and services. We currently own approximatel y 5,300 pa tents issued in various jurisdictions, and we have approximatel y 1,400 patent applications pending globally. We filed approximately 800 patent applications in the last three years. Our patents are primarily filed in Europe, the United States and Asia. We belie ve that our patents and trade secrets create a competitive advantage and that we have taken reasonable measures to build a portfolio of valid and enforceable intellectual property rights. However, these intellectual property rights might be challenged and could be found invalid or unenforceable. Loss of strategic patents and trade secrets could significantly affect our competitiveness. See Item 1A in this Form 10-K for further discussion of intellectual property matters. Joint Ventures and Owned Subsidiaries Our international strategic relationships, joint ventures and owned subsidiaries are an important part of our business as they support our access to international markets and customers. Results of these entities are consolidated with our financial and operational results. Our largest joint ventures are located in China with the remainder of our joint ventures and owned subsidiaries located in various other countries. We operate in China through two principal joint ventures: Otis Elevator (China) Investment Company Limited ("Otis China") and Otis Electric Elevator Company Limited ("Otis Electric"). Otis China is a joint venture established in 1998 for the purpose of manufacturing, installing and servicing elevators, escalators and related equipment. We are a majority owner of Otis China, and Tianjin Tai Kang Investment Co. Ltd. is our joint venture partner. Otis Electric, a subsidiary of Otis China, is a joint venture established in 1997 for the purpose of manufacturing, installing and servicing elevators, escalators and related equipment. Otis China owns a controlling equity stake in Otis Electric. Otis China’s partner in Otis Electric is Xizi Elevator Group Co. Competition We operate in a highly competitive industry. Due to the global and localized nature of the industry, there are numerous pa rticipants of varying size that operate in our industry. According to industry estimates, there are hundreds of participants that offer New Equipment solutions and several thousand participants that offer maintenance and service solutions. In both the Ne w Equipment and Service segments, major competitors globally include KONE Oyj, Schindler Group and TK Elevator, while there are a number of additional competitors in the Asia Pacific region. Competitive dynamics vary significantly by segment and geogr aphy. In the Service segment, independent service providers and other small operators are significant competitors in most of our local geograph ies. These independent service providers have an aggregate portfolio of about 50% of service units, but account for a smaller percentage of the service business when measured by value because of the types of units and level of maintenance covered by these providers. There are several factors that determine competitiveness in the industry, including local codes and compliance requirements, customer preferences, price, reputation, delivery and execution, product quality, equipment performance, reliability and service and product support. Our success in both our New Equipment and Service segments depends upon our ability to develop and market our products, services and solutions, as well as our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficien cy. We believe our global presence, local relationships and proven track record in executing complex elevator and escalator solutions contribute to our iconic brand, reputation and competitive position in the industry. 4 Table of Contents We believe our business strategies allow us to: • Sustain New Equipment growth; • Accelerate Service portfolio growth; • Deliver modernization value; • Advance the digitalization of Otis; and • Focus and empower the organization. We believe these results of our business strategies support our ability to successfully compete across the New Equipment and Service segments, and help deliver sustainable earnings growth. The Company may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts and with all of its competitors, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profit margins. For further discussion of risks related to the competitive environment of our business, see Item 1A in this Form 10-K. Compliance with Government Regulations We conduct our business through subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. Any changes in legislation or government policies impacting our industry, including with respect to employee safety, regulations, industrial equipment, licensing requirements, foreign ownership limitations and building and elevator safety codes, can affect our operations. We closely monitor local legislation and government policies in the locations in which we operate. In addition, our operations are subject to and affected by environmental regulations promulgated by federal, state and local authorities in the United States and regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our foreign operations. We have incurred and will likely continue to incur liabilities under various government statutes and regulations for the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. We do not anticipate that compliance with current provisions relating to the protection of the environment or that any payments we may be required to make for cleanup liabilities will have a material adverse effect upon our competitive position, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. United States (the "U.S.") laws, regulations, orders, and other measures concerning the export or of products, software, services and technology to, and other activities involving, .S. countries and parties affect the operations of Otis and its affiliates, as do those of other countries pertaining to similar matters. For further discussion of risks related to environmental matters and other government regulations, see in this Form 10-K Item 1A, Item 7 and "Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and "Note 21: Contingent Liabilities" in Item 8 in this Form 10-K. Seasonality Our business and operating results are generally not subject to significant fluctuations as a result of seasonality, although we have experienced lower New Equipment net sales in Asia in the first calendar quarter, coinciding with Lunar New Year celebrations. In addition, we have also experienced lower New Equipment net sales in the fourth quarter in China, due to a national holiday that occurs during the first week of October which may impact the relative mix of net sales within the quarter. Raw Materials and Supplies Due to the global and distributed nature of our operations, we partner with a diverse network of several thousand suppliers globally. These include product and suppliers, as well as subcontractors. We rely on approximate ly 450 key suppliers for our manufacturing supply chain. 5 Table of Contents Components and systems necessary to effectively complete our New Equipment projects, as well as to satisfy our maintenance and repair obligations, are often available from two or more sources within the industry. While we believe no single supplier is material to our business, some components or applications require particular specifications or qualifications. In those cases, there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such components, which have in the past, and could in the future, result in supply constraints or cost pressures due to an issue with such a supplier, including financial or operational difficulties or a contract dispute. We implement mitigation actions to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to our supply chain, including the use of safety stock and alternative materials, as well as risk assessments, qualification of multiple supply sources and use of supplier agreements. Although at times high prices for some important raw materials have caused margin and cost pressures for our business, we do not expect unavailability or pricing of materials, components or supplies that would have a material adverse effect on our business. We seek to manage commodity price risk through locking and hedging strategies, as well as passing the increases onto our customers through pricing. See Item 1A in this Form 10-K for risks associated with raw material and supply chain. Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") Otis has an integrated approach to ESG. Our four ESG pillars of Health & Safety, Environment & Impact, People & Communities and Governance & Accountability are embedded in our business strategy and align with our Otis Absolutes of Safety, Ethics and Quality. We are committed to the health and safety of our colleagues and the riding public. We are committed to managing our impact on the environment, aligning our products and services with our stakeholders’ expectations and aspirations. We proactively engage in the communities where we live and work. We focus on attracting, developing and retaining the best talent on the market. See "Human Capital" below for additional information regarding certain initiatives related to our colleagues. In 2021, we became a signatory to the U.N. Global Compact and published our thirteen ESG goals and aligned them with the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. Our Environment & Impact goals are as follows: • greenhouse gas ("GHG") reduction targets: ▪ Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 55% by 2033 from 2021 base year (with the target boundary including biogenic emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks) ▪ Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services, business travel, and use of sold products 33% by 2033 from 2021 base year • Source 100% of factory electricity from renewable energy by 2030 • Achieve 100% factory eligibility for certification by 2025 • Complete ISO 14001 certification for all factories by 2025 (goal completed four years early in 2021) In April 2024, the Science Based Target Initiative ("SBTi") validated our GHG reduction targets. Our new targets replace our GHG target of 50% reduction in scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 from 2019 base year. Our climate transition plan is based on the implementation of major initiatives focused on energy management and operational efficiency across our factories, real estate and fleet. In June 2024, we published our third annual ESG report on our ESG activities, metrics and progress towards our goals in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative Standards, as well as in alignment with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board guidelines and the Task Force on Financial Disclosures. We also engaged third parties for limited assurance covering certain Health & Safety, Environment & Impact, and People & Community metrics discussed in the ESG report. In the Fall 2024, we conducted our initial double materiality assessment in accordance with the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. Our ESG goals and ESG reports can be found in the Investor section of our corporate website (http://www.otis.com) under the heading "ESG", which we update from time to time. Our ESG goals, our ESG reports and our corporate website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. The Company has developed an ESG governance model that supports our goals. Our Board of Directors and its committees engage in extensive review and oversight of topics. The Company's ESG Council, composed of senior leaders representing multiple functions within the Company, monitors our performance towards our ESG goals and addresses impacts and opportunities related to climate change, as well as those related to all other ESG programs. The ESG Council reports regularly to our CEO on our ESG progress and actions. Our progress towards our ESG goals was included as a performance multiplier in determining payouts under our 2024 executive incentive plan. 6 Table of Contents There have been no, and we do not expect there to be in the near term, material impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations as a result of compliance with legislation or regulatory rules regarding climate change, from the known physical effects of climate change or as a result of implementing our ESG initiatives. Increased regulation and other climate change concerns, however, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, and we are not able to predict how such regulations or concerns would affect our business, operations or financial results. For a discussion of risks associated with ESG matters, see Item 1A in this Form 10-K. Human Capital As of December 31, 2024, our global workforce consists of 72,000 colleagues (including 44,000 field professionals), with 45% in Asia, 34% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") and 21% in the Americas. Approximately 64% of our U.S. workforce is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Out side of the U.S., our colleagues are represented by workers' councils or statutory labor unions as may be customary or required in those jurisdictions . While we strive to maintain good relationships with our employee representative bodies, our business may be adversely affected by work stoppages, union negotiations, labor disputes and other matters associated with our labor force. T he collective bargaining agreement for most of our bargaining unit colleagues in the U.S. was renewed without disruption in July 2022 and is set to expire in July 2027. For a discussion of risks associated with matters, see Item 1A in this Form 10-K. Compensation and Benefits Our colleagues are vital to our success, and we offer pay and benefits designed to attract, retain and motivate our colleagues and align their compensation with both individual and our overall performance. We follow local labor laws that address minimum wages, insurance coverage of accidents, severance pay and other employment provisions, including overtime and sick pay. While our programs vary by location and eligibility, they generally include base and overtime pay, incentive bonuses, incentive pay in the form of stock awards, retirement plan benefits, health care and insurance benefits, tuition assistance through our Employee Scholar program, paid sick, bereavement, vacation, parental and family leaves, and wellness and employee assistance programs. Health and Safety Safety is one of the Otis Absolutes. For that reason, safety measures and indicators are regularly monitored by management and reported to our Board of Directors. To promote safety, we have a health and safety management system and regularly measure the effectiveness of our health and safety programs. We also provide regular health and safety training to our field professionals. We follow local labor laws that address maximum working hours. We empower all of our colleagues and subcontractors with stop work authority if they perceive an unsafe condition or behavior that may cause injury. We also seek to promote a culture where stop work authority can be freely exercised without the fear of retribution or retaliation, and a learning culture to enhance the quality and delivery of safety and technical training. Health and Safety is one of the four focus areas of our ESG goals. See the "Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")" section of this Form 10-K above for more information regarding our ESG goals. We are focused on our colleagues' mental and physical . We provide employee assistance plan benefits to all of our colleagues worldwide. We also offer flexible work arrangements to many salaried colleagues. Hiring, Training, Development and Retention We position ourselves to attract and retain the best talent in the market and interact meaningfully in the global communities where we live and work. We aim to be both an equal opportunity employer of choice and a place where our colleagues feel safe, welcomed and heard. We partner with universities and nonprofit organizations and use our Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs") to broaden our hiring pool to meet our hiring needs. We seek others’ ideas, encourage innovation and empower our colleagues through various learning and development programs that are aligned with our business strategy and are designed to contribute to our broader success such as our "Employee Scholar Program", a education program that allows colleagues to expand their skills through degree or certification programs. Our mechanics receive extensive training to service and install equipment safely. This training consists of live, virtual, and modules with experienced mechanics. We also offer various programs to build leadership and functional capabilities and provide development initiatives through our ERGs. Our ERGs’ missions aim at fostering an inclusive work environment through engagement that positively impacts business outcomes. 7 Table of Contents We track our colleagues’ voluntary attrition rate to help us assess our workplace initiatives. We also track our colleagues’ satisfaction through colleague surveys to anticipate attrition, as discussed further below. Our commitment to fostering an inclusive workplace strengthens employee engagement and supports the retention of top talent. Colleague Engagement We believe that engaged colleagues deliver better service to our customers. We measure engagement by periodically conducting colleague surveys. The results, which are reported to our Board of Directors and management, help us assess how our colleagues feel about working for us. We use the survey results to develop action plans to address areas of concern. The engagement survey, which anonymizes the data, covers topics such as safety, ethics, belonging, quality, company prospects, inclusion, empowerment, accountability and managerial effectiveness. Corporate Information Otis is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated on March 1, 2019 in connection with the separation and distribution ("Separation") of each of Otis and C arrier Global Corporation ("Carrier") from United Technologies Corporation, subsequently renamed RTX Corporation ("UTC" or "RTX", as applicable) into separate independent publicly traded companies. The Separation occurred on April 3, 2020. References to "UTC" relate to matters, and references to "RTX" relate to matters. The Separation was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement ("Separation Agreement") and other agreements with UTC and Carrier related to the Separation, including but not limited to a tax matters agreement ("TMA"), an employee matter agreement ("EMA") and an intellectual property agreement (the "Intellectual Property Agreement"). For further discussion of these agreements, see Item 1A, "Note 1: Business Overview" in Item 8 and Item 15 in this Form 10-K. Available Information This Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on , current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the Investors section of our Internet website (http://www.otis.com) under the heading "Financial Information" as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) containing reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 8 Table of Contents Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future R esults This Form 10-K contains statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, constitute " statements" under the securities laws. From time to time, oral or written statements may also be included in other information released to the public. These statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations or plans for Otis’ future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. statements can be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "expectations," "plans," "strategy," "prospects," "estimate," "project," "target," "anticipate," "will," "should," "see," "guidance," "outlook," " ," " ," "confident," "goals" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. statements may include, among other things, statements relating to future sales, earnings, cash flow, results of operations, uses of cash, dividends, share repurchases, tax rates, R&D spend, restructuring or transformation actions (including UpLift and related reorganization and outsourcing activities), credit ratings, net indebtedness and other measures of financial performance or potential future plans, strategies or transactions, or statements that relate to climate change and our intent to achieve certain ESG targets or goals, including operational impacts and costs associated therewith, and other statements that are not historical facts. All statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. For those statements, Otis claims the protection of the safe harbor for statements contained in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: • the effect of economic conditions in the industries and markets in which Otis and its businesses operate and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in commodity prices, and other inflationary pressures, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, levels of end market demand in construction, pandemic health issues, natural disasters, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, and the financial condition of Otis’ customers and suppliers; • the effect of changes in political conditions in the U.S., including in connection with the new administration's policies and priorities, or otherwise, and other countries in which Otis and its businesses operate, including the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflicts in the Middle East, and tensions between the U.S. and China, on general market conditions, commodity costs, global trade policies and related sanctions, export controls and tariffs, and currency exchange rates in the near term and beyond; • challenges in the development, production, delivery, support, performance and realization of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services; • future levels of indebtedness, capital spending and research and development spending; • future availability of credit and factors that may affect such availability or costs thereof, including credit market conditions and Otis’ capital structure; • the timing and scope of future repurchases of Otis’ common stock ("Common Stock"), which may be suspended at any time due to various factors, including market conditions and the level of other investing activities and uses of cash; • fluctuations in prices and delays and disruption in delivery of materials and services from suppliers, whether as a result of changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conflicts or otherwise; • cost reduction or containment actions, restructuring or transformation costs and related savings and other consequences thereof, including with respect to UpLift and related impacts of reorganization and outsourcing activities and change management; • new business and investment opportunities; • the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations and other contingencies; • pension plan assumptions and future contributions; • the impact of the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements and labor disputes, labor actions, including strikes or work stoppages, and labor inflation in the markets in which Otis and its businesses operate globally; • the effect of changes in tax, environmental, regulatory (including among other things import/export, tariffs, and climate change or other ESG related legal and regulatory changes) and other laws and regulations in the U.S., including in connection with the new administration's policies and priorities, and other countries in which Otis and its businesses operate; • the ability of Otis to retain and hire key personnel; • the scope, nature, impact or timing of acquisition and divestiture activity, the integration of acquired businesses into existing businesses and realization of synergies and opportunities for growth and innovation and incurrence of related costs; • the determination by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and other tax authorities that the distribution or certain related transactions in connection with the Separation should be treated as taxable transactions; and 9 Table of Contents • our obligations and our disputes that have or may hereafter arise under the agreements we entered into with RTX and Carrier in connection with the Separation. These and other factors are more fully discussed in the "Business", "Risk Factors" and "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" sections and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements. The statements speak only as of the date of this report, or in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. W e undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Additional information as to factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements is disclosed from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We may be affected by global economic conditions in general and conditions in the construction and infrastructure industries in particular. Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions, including levels of consumer and business confidence, commodity prices, raw material and energy costs, supply chain issues, trade policies, tariffs and trade barriers, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, labor costs, levels of government spending and deficits, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, political conditions, including in connection with the new administration's policies and priorities in the U.S. or otherwise, regulatory changes and other challenges that could affect the global economy. In addition, the current global economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in increased levels of commodity, materials and wage inflation. These various global economic conditions have affected and may continue to affect our business in a number of ways as discussed in more detail in this Item 1A and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. More particularly, a slowdown in building and remodeling activity, whether due to remote work or otherwise, or decreased public spending on infrastructure projects could adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations are subject to natural and unexpected events that may increase our costs, limit access to building sites, interrupt production or our supply chain or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war (see discussion below regarding ongoing conflicts), acts of terrorism or violence, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, in the United States or in other countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Natural disasters, pandemics, equipment failures, prolonged power outages or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or temporary or disruption in the supply of component products from some local, national and international suppliers, disruption and delay in the transport of our products to customers or limit our access building sites and to install our products or perform our services. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events. The impacts of these unexpected events are difficult to predict, but could result in higher costs or delays in our operations and adversely affect our financial performance. Our international operations subject us to risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in local and regional economic conditions, such as fluctuations in exchange rates and changes in credit conditions. We conduct our business on a global basis, with approxim ate ly 70% of our 2024 n et sales derived from international operations. Changes in local and regional economic conditions, including credit conditions and fluctu ations in exchange rates, may affect product demand and reported profits in our .S. operations, where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay for the materials used in our products. Though we engage in hedging strategies to manage foreign currency exposures in connection with certain transactions, our operating margins may be negatively impacted by currency fluctuations that result in higher costs or lower revenues for certain transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates have given and may continue to give rise to gains or losses when financial statements of .S. operating units are translated 10 Table of Contents into U.S. dollars. Given that the majority of our net sales are .S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major foreign currencies has adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, limitations on the ability of our customers and suppliers to access credit at interest rates and on terms that are acceptable to them could lead to customer and supplier defaults and cancellations of existing orders, limit or prevent customers from being able to finance purchases of our products and services in the future, and cause delays in the delivery of key products from suppliers. Our international operations subject us to risks associated with government policies on international trade and investments and risks associated with China. Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to investments and limitations on foreign ownership of businesses, taxation, foreign exchange controls, capital controls, local manufacturing, product content or supplier requirements, employment regulations and the repatriation of earnings. Government policies on international trade and investments such as import quotas, capital controls, punitive taxes or tariffs or similar trade barriers, whether imposed by individual governments or regional trade blocs, can affect demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or services, or encumber our ability to manufacture or sell products in certain countries. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, including the imposition of further tariffs in connection with the new administration in the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs in response thereto, or the renegotiation of existing trade agreements with the U.S. or countries where we sell large quantities of products and services, procure materials incorporated into our products, manufacture products or recruit and employ employees (see discussion on China below), could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our ability to r ecruit and retain employees or deploy certain employees to the geographies where their skills are best utilized. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign nations’ priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. China is currently the largest end market for sales of new equipment in our industry, with our New Equipment net sales in China representing approximately one fourth of our global New Equipment net sales and over half of our global New Equipment unit volume and a growing part of our Service segment. Changes to market and economic conditions in China, including credit conditions for our customers, or an escalation of trade conflicts between the U.S. and China, have recently impacted and may continue to impact our ability to maintain New Equipment net sales in China at rates consistent with prior years. Furthermore, as is the case in many countries where we operate, the legal and regulatory changes in China, could impose significant requirements unique to China in order to maintain access to Chinese markets and negatively impact our overall financial performance. Our international operations subject us to risks associated with emerging markets. We expect that net sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our net sales as those and other developing nations and regions around the world increase their demand for our products and services. A slowdown in urbanization in emerging countries, such as China or India, have and could continue to adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, as part of our global business model, we operate in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, Poland, South Africa, Ukraine, Turkey and certain countries in the Middle East, that carry high levels of currency, political, compliance and economic risk. Our emerging market operations can present many risks, including differences in culturally accepted practices (such as employment and business practices), compliance risks, economic and government instability, currency fluctuations, and the imposition of foreign exchange and capital controls. While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Our international operations subject us to risks associated with geopolitical conflicts. Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with geopolitical conflicts. The ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East have resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, and we cannot predict how the conflicts will evolve or the timing thereof. If these conflicts continue for a significant time or further expand to other countries and depending on the ultimate outcomes of these conflicts, which remain uncertain, they or new geopolitical conflicts could have additional adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including but not limited to, increased costs, constraints on the availability of commodities, supply chain disruptions and decreased business spending. Furthermore, continuation of the conflicts could give rise to disruptions to our or our business partners’ global technology 11 Table of Contents infrastructure, including through cyberattack or ; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; regulatory enforcement; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; terrorist activities; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See Item 7 "Business Overview" in this Form 10-K for more information regarding the sale of our business in Russia. We use a variety of raw materials, parts, components, and manufacturing services in our business, and significant shortages, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or price increases could increase our operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products. Our reliance on suppliers (including manufacturers) and commodity markets to secure the raw materials and components used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. Issues with suppliers, (such as a disruption in deliveries, capacity and credit constraints, production disruptions, quality issues and supplier closings or bankruptcies), price increases or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities (particularly steel) have in the past had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or could increase our operating costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, or compliance practices of, key distributors and agents could adversely affect us. Certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of their products to distributors and agents, particularly in China, that have valuable relationships with customers. Some of these distributors and agents also sell our competitors’ products, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, or compliance practices, could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We design, manufacture, install and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. We seek to grow our business through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements, such as the development and execution of advanced digital technologies for the benefit of our New Equipment or Service segment or the development of new products depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; validation of innovative technologies; and customer interest in new technologies and products and acceptance of products we manufacture or that incorporate technologies we develop. Our research and development efforts may not result in innovative products or services that incorporate new technologies for our New Equipment and Service segments, or products or services being developed on a timely basis or that meet the needs of our customers as effectively as competitive offerings. In addition, the markets for our products or services, or products that incorporate our technologies, may not develop or grow as we anticipate. We or our customers, suppliers or subcontractors may encounter difficulties in developing and producing new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated or may otherwise suffer significant adverse financial consequences. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Any delays could result in increased development costs or divert resources from other projects. If we are unable to successfully develop and timely introduce new products, services and technologies, our competitors may develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products or services. The possibility also exists that our competitors might develop new technology or offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become obsolete, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 12 Table of Contents We operate in a competitive environment and our profitability depends on our ability to accurately estimate the costs and timing of providing our products and services. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our quotations and bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment on these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products required by the contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a new equipment order, or the extent of required maintenance pursuant to a service contract, or execute on our productivity initiatives, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages if we do not perform in accordance with the contract. As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide products and services at competitive prices while maintaining anticipated levels of profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We may not realize expected benefits from our cost reduction, restructuring and transformation efforts, including UpLift, and our profitability may be negatively impacted or our business otherwise might be adversely affected. In order to operate more efficiently and cost effectively, we have and may continue to adjust employment, optimize our footprint or undertake other restructuring or transformation activities, including in connection with UpLift and related outsourcing activities and change management. These activities are complex and may involve or require significant changes to our operations. If we do not successfully manage restructuring and other transformation activities, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. Risks associated with these actions and other workforce management issues include unfavorable political responses, unforeseen delays in the implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, challenges in change management, adverse effects on employee morale and capacity, and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees or work stoppages, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions, otherwise harm our business or have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We operate in challenging markets for talent and may fail to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team, engineers, field professionals, and others at all levels of the company. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel in a highly competitive labor market, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other skilled personnel and incur additional labor costs. Any such losses, failures or increased costs could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our debt levels and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences; we may need additional debt or equity financing in the future to meet our capital needs, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, due to changes in global capital markets, our financial performance or outlook or our credit ratings and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. As of December 31, 2024, we had $8.3 billion o utstanding debt. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including, among others: • requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce funds we have available for other purposes, such as acquisitions and reinvestment in our businesses; and • reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions. We may need additional financing for general corporate purposes. For example, we may need funds to increase our investment in research and development activities, to refinance or repay existing debt, or to make a strategic acquisition. We may be unable to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. Volatility in the world financial markets could further increase borrowing costs or affect our ability to access the capital markets. Our ability to issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our products or services, or in the solvency of our customers, suppliers or distributors or other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. 13 Table of Contents We have an credit rating from each of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade or similar announcement, could increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper, require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts, or otherwise have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to the capital markets. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants or rating agencies may downgrade our credit rating. Quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases may be discontinued, accelerated or modified, are subject to a number of uncertainties and may affect the price of Common Stock. Quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases are a component of our capital allocation strategy, which we fund with operating free cash flow, borrowings and divestitures. In general, dividends and share repurchases may be discontinued, accelerated, suspended or delayed at any time without prior notice. Furthermore, the amount of such dividends and repurchases may be changed, and the amount, timing and frequency of such dividends and repurchases may vary from historical practice or from the company’s stated expectations. Decisions with respect to dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and are based on a variety of factors. Important factors that could cause us to discontinue, limit, suspend, increase or delay our quarterly cash dividends or share repurchases include market conditions, the market price of our Common Stock, the nature and timing of other investment and acquisition opportunities, changes in our business strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements, our outlook as to the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates, the impact on our credit ratings and the availability of domestic cash. The reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of Common Stock. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance shareholder value, changes in laws or regulations related thereto or stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness. We engage in acquisitions and divestitures, and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with, or disposing of businesses from, our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions in addition to internal growth. Our due diligence reviews in connection with our acquisitions may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities. For example, we may incur unanticipated costs, expenses or other liabilities as a result of an acquisition target’s violation of applicable laws, such as , antitrust, , environmental or income tax laws. We also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including asset impairment charges, as well as expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation and other liabilities. We may incur unexpected costs associated with labor law, tax or pension matters or to bring acquired assets up to our operating standards. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquired businesses with our operations, applying our internal controls to these acquired businesses or in managing strategic investments. In addition, accounting requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new businesses. We also make strategic divestitures from time to time. Our divestitures may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses, such as through guarantees, other financial arrangements, continued supply and services arrangements, and environmental and product liability claims, following the transaction. Under these arrangements, nonperformance by those divested businesses could result in obligations being imposed on us that could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction, including as a result of current and proposed changes to U.S. and foreign regulatory approval processes and requirements in connection with an acquisition or divestiture. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents We are party to joint ventures which may not be successful and may expose us to special risks and restrictions. In certain regions, we operate our business through joint venture relationships or owned subsidiaries, including: Otis Electric Elevator Company Limited and Otis Elevator (China) Investment Limited in China. A significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition of a joint venture partner could affect our results of operations in a particular period. Our joint ventures may experience labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for products, delays in the launch of new products or other difficulties in their businesses. Changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to investments and limitations on foreign ownership of businesses, could adversely impact our ability to participate in and operate our joint ventures, or could result in changes to the ownership structure or allocation of rights in our joint ventures. If we are not successful in maintaining our joint ventures and other strategic partnerships, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Joint ventures and owned subsidiaries inherently involve special risks. Whether or not we hold a majority interest or maintain operational control in such arrangements, our partners or other shareholders may (1) have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or contrary to ours, (2) exercise veto or other rights, to the extent available, to block actions that we believe to be in our or the joint venture’s or owned subsidiary’s best interests, (3) take action contrary to our policies or objectives with respect to our investments, business or compliance practices or (4) be unable or unwilling (including as a result of financial or other difficulties) to fulfill their obligations, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects, under the joint venture or other agreement. There can be no assurance that any particular joint venture or owned subsidiary will be beneficial to us. We are subject to litigation, product safety and other legal and compliance risks. We are subject to a variety of litigation, legal and compliance risks. These risks relate to, among other things, product safety, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, claims, taxes, environmental matters, competition laws and laws governing improper business practices. We could be charged with wrongdoing in connection with such matters. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments and other damages (in certain cases, treble damages). As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Those laws and regulations may be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses or changes to business operations that could impact our ability to sell our products and services or sell them at expected profit levels. Uncertainty relating to those laws or regulations may also affect how we operate, structure our investments and enforce our rights. Product and general liability claims (including claims related to the safety, reliability or maintenance of our products) and accident risks during the production, installation, maintenance and use of our products can result in significant costs, including settlements, punitive damages and other risks such as damage to our reputation, negative publicity and management distraction, which could reduce demand for our products and services. In addition, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and other laws that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA applies to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents. Under certain laws, companies also may be held liable for the actions of partners or representatives. Certain of our customer relationships are with governmental entities and are, therefore, subject to the FCPA and other laws. Despite meaningful measures that we undertake to seek to ensure lawful conduct, which include training and internal controls, we may not always be able to prevent our employees, partners, joint ventures, agents or distributors from violating the FCPA or other laws. As a result, we could be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, changes or enhancements to our compliance measures that could increase our costs, decrease our access to certain sales channels, personnel changes or other remedial actions. 15 Table of Contents Moreover, we are subject to antitrust and laws, including mandatory supply laws and bidding regulations, in various jurisdictions throughout the world. Changes in these laws or their interpretation, administration and/or enforcement may occur over time, and any such changes may limit our future acquisitions or operations, or result in changes to our strategies, sales and distribution structures or other business practices. We are subject to ongoing claims related to alleged violations of laws in certain European countries, where we are subject to claims for overcharges on elevators and escalators related to civil cartel cases. Though we have implemented policies, controls and other measures to prevent collusion or behavior, our controls may not always be effective in preventing our employees, partners, joint ventures, agents or distributors from violating antitrust or laws. Violations of the FCPA, antitrust or other or laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We also must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products, services and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. In the U.S., these laws include, among others, the Export Administration Regulations administered by the Department of Commerce and embargoes and sanctions regulations administered by the Department of the Treasury. In addition, U.S. foreign policy may restrict or prohibit business dealings with certain individuals, entities or countries; changes in these prohibitions can happen suddenly and could result in a material adverse effect on our operations. For a description of current material legal proceedings, see "Note 21: Contingent Liabilities" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. We are impacted by evolving stakeholder interest in public company performance, disclosure, and with respect to ESG matters. We have increased reporting of our ESG programs and performance, as required by applicable law and voluntarily, and have established and announced goals and other objectives related to ESG matters. These goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to ESG initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or energy sources and technologies, (2) coordination and alignment over which we do not have control and may be unpredictable, (3) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, inclusion and other standards, and (5) our ability to recruit, develop, and retain talent in our labor markets. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our processes and controls for reporting of ESG matters may not always comply with evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics globally, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our performance metrics, goals or reported progress in achieving such goals and increased compliance costs and risks. If our ESG practices do not meet evolving regulations, investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, supplier, or business partner could be negatively impacted, or could result in litigation. We may also be subject to penalties for under applicable laws. In addition, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets, and objectives within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have similar negative impacts. Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risk that could adversely affect our results. The performance of the financial markets and interest rates as well statutory and/or regulatory changes can impact our defined benefit pension plan expenses and funding obligations. Significant decreases in the discount rate or investment losses on plan assets may increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our financial results. See "Note 12: Employee Benefit Plans" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on pension plans and related obligations and contingencies. 16 Table of Contents Information security, data privacy and identity protection may require significant resources and present certain risks to our business, reputation and financial condition. We collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain company and confidential or sensitive data that may be subject to data privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations or controls, including proprietary business information, personal data and other information. We also develop products that may in certain cases collect, store, have access to, and otherwise process certain personally identifiable or confidential data of our customers who purchase and use such products either separately or as a part of another product or system or by way of access to our websites or social media accounts. Although we seek to protect such data and design our products to enable our customers to use them while complying with applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and/or controls, we have experienced cyberattacks. While these attacks have not to our knowledge had a material adverse impact on the Company to date, our internal systems and products may be vulnerable to further cyberattacks, security breaches, theft, programming errors or employee errors, which could lead to the compromise of confidential and sensitive data, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, defective products, production downtimes and/or operational disruptions in violation of applicable law and/or contractual obligations. A significant actual or perceived risk of theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other data, whether by us, our suppliers, distributors, customers or other third parties, as a result of employee error or malfeasance, or as a result of the compromise of software, security and other products we incorporate into our products, as well as with applicable industry standards or our contractual or other legal obligations or privacy and information security policies regarding such data, could result in costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions, or could lead customers to select products and services of our competitors. In addition, any such event could harm our reputation, cause unfavorable publicity or otherwise adversely affect certain potential customers’ perceptions of the security and reliability of our services as well as our credibility and reputation, which could result in lost sales. Because of the global nature of our business, both our internal systems and products must comply with the applicable laws, regulations and standards in a number of jurisdictions, which continue to evolve and in certain cases, include provisions that are unclear. Government enforcement actions, including due to geopolitical concerns, and violations of data privacy and cybersecurity laws could be costly or interrupt our business operations. Any of the foregoing factors could result in reputational damage or civil or governmental proceedings, which could result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Our business and financial performance depend on continued substantial investment in information technology infrastructure, which may not yield anticipated benefits, and may be adversely affected by cyberattacks on information technology infrastructure and products and other business disruptions. The efficient operation of our business requires continued substantial investment in technology infrastructure systems, including partial shifting from virtual private networks to networks, and we must attract and retain qualified people to operate these systems, expand and improve

[truncated]