Trading Update James Halstead PLC 31 July 2024 31 July 2024 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (the "Company") Trading Update James Halstead plc, the commercial flooring manufacturer and international distributor, is providing the following trading update ahead of its results for the year ended 30 June 2024. The Company is fully confident of exceeding the prior year comparatives for profit, cash levels and dividend, with improved profitability seen in the first half continuing into H2. The Company sells, for the most part, commercial flooring across the world and has seen continued confidence in the segment of resilient sheet flooring that is sold into the healthcare, education and other institutional sectors. Regionally sales into the Middle East and the Americas have been particularly buoyant. Some of the Company's products are focused on domestic sectors and performance of these products have been weaker in several territories - the UK and Europe being the most significant. Notwithstanding this drag on performance the Group's productive output, gains on product mix and cost control of overheads have bolstered margins. There have been gains on lower raw material pricing although energy costs, principally electricity, remain high. Notwithstanding the fall in raw materials costs during the year these input costs, in general, are around 50% ahead of June 2020 levels. Operationally, the widely reported disruption to shipping in the Red Sea has lengthened delivery times and increased costs across the sector, which is particularly difficult for our APAC markets. As a result stock in transit has increased and in response we are holding stocks in the our overseas marketplaces at higher than normal levels. In summary, profit before tax will be at record levels and in line with (upwardly revised) market expectations. The Company expects to announce its results for the year ended 30 June 2024 on 1 October 2024. The Company also announces that its Nominated Adviser and Broker has changed its name to Panmure Liberum Limited following completion of its own corporate merger. Enquiries: James Halstead plc Tel: 0161 767 2500 Mark Halstead, Chief Executive Gordon Oliver, Finance Director Hudson Sandler Tel: 020 7796 4133 Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Panmure Liberum (Nomad and Joint Broker) Tel: 020 7886 2500 Ed Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Zeus (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Tel: 020 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and