Appointment of Senior Independent Director James Halstead PLC 05 March 2024 5 th March 2024 James Halstead PLC (The "Company") Appointment of Senior Independent Director As previously communicated, James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD), a leading manufacturer and international distributor of commercial floor coverings, announces that Stephen Hall, who served as the Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit and Remuneration Committees, retired from the Board of James Halstead plc on 1 March 2024. Following his departure, the following changes have been made to the Board's sub-committees: · Mr Russell Whiting, who has served as a non-executive director since December 2017, is appointed as the Senior Independent Director. Mr Whiting will continue to serve as a member of the Audit, Remuneration and Nominations Committees. · Mr Anthony Wild, the non-executive chairman, is appointed as the Nomination Committee Chair. Mr Wild will continue to serve as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees. · Mrs Deborah Harrison, a non-executive director, is appointed as the Audit Committee Chair and as a member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee. · Mr Michael Halstead, a non-executive director, is appointed as the Remuneration Committee Chair. Mr Halstead will continue to serve as a member of the Audit and Nominations Committees. James Halstead's Chief Executive, Mark Halstead said: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank Stephen for his support and contributions to James Halstead plc during his time as a non-executive director. I also look forward to continuing to work with Russell in his new capacity as the Senior Independent Director." For further information please contact: James Halstead plc David Fletcher, Company Secretary Telephone 0161 767 2500 Hudson Sandler Nick Lyon Nick Moore Telephone: 020 7796 4133 Panmure Gordon (NOMAD & Joint Broker) Dominic Morley Telephone: 020 7886 2500 WH Ireland (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne Telephone: 020 7220 1666 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and