Trading Update James Halstead PLC 31 January 2024 31 January 2024 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (the "Company") Trading Update James Halstead plc, the commercial flooring manufacturer and distributor, is providing the following trading update ahead of its interim results for the half-year to 31 December 2023. In his AGM statement, on 1 December 2023, the Chairman, Mr. Anthony Wild noted the strong competition but expressed confidence of exceeding the half year comparatives. The Company will, despite softening of sales demand in some European markets, report profits in the region of 15-20% ahead of the prior year comparative and with a robust cash balance. The Board's expectations for the full year remain positive and for continued progress on dividend distributions. The interim results will be published on 27 March 2024. Enquiries: James Halstead plc Tel: 0161 767 2500 Mark Halstead, Chief Executive Gordon Oliver, Finance Director Hudson Sandler Tel: 020 7796 4133 Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Panmure Gordon (Nomad and Joint Broker) Tel: 020 7886 2500 Dominic Morley WH Ireland (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne / Chris Hardie Tel: 020 7220 1666 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and