Board Changes James Halstead PLC 04 January 2024 4 th January 2024 James Halstead PLC (the "Company") Board Changes James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD), a leading manufacturer and international distributor of commercial floor coverings, is pleased to announce the following appointments to the Board, with effect from 8 th January 2024: i. David Drillingcourt will join the Board in an executive director role as Corporate Development Director. David, a Chartered Accountant, joined the Company in 1996 and during his time with the Company has held many senior group roles, including the Finance Director of Polyflor Limited and Group Company Secretary. Recently, in the role of Corporate Development, he has been responsible for developing and supporting the growth of the business across the globe. ii. Deborah Harrison will join the Board as an independent non-executive director. Deborah is a Chartered Accountant and has over thirty years of experience working for a top tier accounting firm, providing auditing and accounting services to a wide range of organisations and sectors. Deborah will also sit as a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee. The Company also announces that, having served on the Board for over ten years, non-executive director Stephen Hall will be stepping down with effect from 1 st March 2024. A further announcement regarding the appointment of the new Senior Independent Director will be made at the time of his departure. Commenting, Mr Mark Halstead, Chief Executive of James Halstead plc, said: "We are extremely pleased to welcome both Deborah and David to the James Halstead board. Deborah will bring to the board her significant experience of dealing with international groups of companies, including acquisitions and disposals, and her knowledge of corporate reporting requirements will further enhance the Board's financial expertise. David's extensive knowledge of the Company and his flooring industry experience will play an important role in supporting the board in its strategic aim of growing the global footprint of the business. I also would like to thank Stephen for his contribution to James Halstead plc in his role as non-executive director through an important period which has seen the business grow and overcome significant challenges. We wish him the very best for the future." Additional Information In accordance with the AIM Rules, the following additional information is required to be disclosed. Other than this information, there is no further information required to be disclosed under paragraph (g) of Schedule Two of the AIM Rules. Full name and age David William Drillingcourt, aged 55. Current beneficial shareholding in the Company 7,700 ordinary shares beneficially owned with options over a further 240,000 ordinary shares. Current directorships Polyflor (M) SDN BHD Former directorships (previous five years) None. Full name and age Deborah Ann Harrison, aged 63. Current beneficial shareholding in the Company None. Current directorships None. Former directorships (previous five years) None. For further information please contact: James Halstead plc David Fletcher, Company Secretary Telephone 0161 767 2500 Hudson Sandler Nick Lyon Nick Moore Telephone: 020 7796 4133 Panmure Gordon (NOMAD & Joint Broker) Dominic Morley Telephone: 020 7886 2500 WH Ireland (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne Telephone: 020 7220 1666 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and