Disclaimer* James Halstead PLC 29 January 2026 29 January 2026 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (the "Company") Trading Update James Halstead plc, the commercial flooring manufacturer and international distributor, is providing the following trading update ahead of its interim results for the half year to 31 December 2025. Sales for the first half of the year will see a small reduction in comparatives, as noted at the Annual General Meeting in December 2025, Central European and Asia Pacific markets remain challenging and have impacted on the overall total sales. UK sales remain robust and marginally up on last year despite the uncertain market conditions, and once again we have seen further growth in the North American and Middle Eastern markets. An uplift in sales to our South African distributor has also been pleasing. As noted in the outlook of our Annual Report and Accounts to 30 June 2025, our conservative approach to customer credit has also been a factor in lower revenue across some markets, including the UK. Looking ahead, the Company is confident that new and updated product ranges produced in the UK factories will see an uplift in revenue and there remains sufficient spare capacity at these factories for any significant uplift in volumes. The Expona Commercial collection in Germany has also been updated and relaunched with favourable reviews, and early sales into the market have been encouraging. There have been changes in senior management in our APAC region, and we believe the greater focus on top line growth because of these changes will see an improvement in both revenue and profitability over the second half of the year in this region. Consequent to the imposition of stricter credit limits, noted above, this not only affected revenue but profitability will also see a small reduction on comparatives for the first 6 months, though the Board remains positive for the second half of the year. The Company has seen an increase in cash balances over the first half of the year, remains ungeared and continues to invest in our UK sites for the future. The Company expects to announce its results for the half-year ended 31 December 2025 on 31 March 2026. Enquiries: James Halstead plc Tel: 0161 767 2500 Gordon Oliver, Chief Executive David Drillingcourt, Finance Director Hudson Sandler Tel: 020 7796 4133 Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Panmure Liberum (Nomad and Joint Broker) Tel: 020 7886 2500 Ed Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Zeus (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Tel: 020 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and