Board Changes James Halstead PLC 01 October 2024 1 October 2024 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (the "Company") Board changes Mr Anthony Wild will stand down as Chairman at the upcoming annual general meeting to be held on 6 December 2024. Mr Wild has been a Director of the Company for 23 years, the last seven as Chairman. Consequent to Chairman's departure, the Board proposes the following changes. Mr Mark Halstead, who has held the role of Chief Executive, will step up to the position of Executive Chairman and Mr Gordon Oliver, a Director since 1999 and current Finance Director, will succeed Mr Halstead as the Chief Executive. In addition, Mr David Drillingcourt, who joined the Board in January 2024 will assume the role of Finance Director. With regard to the composition of the Board this will result in three executive directors and three non-executive directors. Commenting on Anthony Wild, Mark Halstead said: ''On behalf of the Board I would like to express our appreciation of Anthony's contribution to the successful growth of the Company during his 23 years on the board.'' Enquiries: James Halstead plc Tel: 0161 767 2500 Mark Halstead, Chief Executive Gordon Oliver, Finance Director Hudson Sandler Tel: 020 7796 4133 Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Panmure Liberum (Nomad and Joint Broker) Tel: 020 7886 2500 Ed Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Zeus (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Tel: 020 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 2 hours ago Pearson 2 hours ago Trustpilot Group 2 hours ago Speedy Hire 2 hours ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and