Trading Update and Notice of Results James Halstead PLC 31 January 2025 31 January 2025 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (the "Company") Trading Update and Notice of Results James Halstead plc, the commercial flooring manufacturer and international distributor, is providing the following trading update ahead of its interim results for the half year to 31 December 2024. The Company sells, for the most part, commercial flooring across the world and has seen increased confidence in the segment of resilient sheet flooring that is sold into the healthcare, education and other institutional sectors. Regional sales into the Middle East and the Americas have been particularly buoyant. Overall sales are slightly below last year with profit before tax comparable to the level in H1 2024. In the UK, the core home market, the Company has experienced more caution following the incoming government's first budget and the subsequent changes to living wage and national insurance. Our UK sales in the first six months are in line with the comparative but have been constrained, in part, as a result of lower confidence leading to customers revising their capital spend and deferring renewal. Additionally, the six-month period has also seen a degree of destocking in our UK distributor customers. Despite this, and given the level of backlog of repairs and renewals in the health sector and education, we can only be confident of prospects in the UK. In overseas markets there are many positives in our broad reach of sales. Whilst Australia and New Zealand sales have declined, turnover in the Americas, the Middle East and Mediterranean is progressing. The Company remains ungeared with cash levels broadly similar to the comparative (2023: £ 62.4m) notwithstanding increased dividends and higher UK corporation tax. The Board's expectations for the full year are that profit before tax will be in line with market expectations. The Company expects to announce its results for the half-year ended 31 December 2024 on 31 March 2025. Enquiries: James Halstead plc Tel: 0161 767 2500 Gordon Oliver, Chief Executive David Drillingcourt, Finance Director Hudson Sandler Tel: 020 7796 4133 Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Panmure Liberum (Nomad and Joint Broker) Tel: 020 7886 2500 Edd Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Zeus (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Tel: 020 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and