PDMR Exercise of Share Options James Halstead PLC 08 April 2024 James Halstead plc 8 April 2024 ("James Halstead" or the "Company") (AIM:JHD) PDMR Exercise of Share Options James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD) announces that on 8 April 2024 the Company issued 32,384 ordinary shares of 5 pence each ("Ordinary Shares") following the exercise of share options under the James Halstead Share Option Plan by two Directors and PDMRs of the Company as detailed below: PDMR Position Number of Options exercised Exercise Price M Halstead Group Chief Executive 17,802 135.145 G R Oliver Group Finance Director 14,582 135.145 On completion of the exercise of the options, Mr Halstead subsequently transferred his newly issued Ordinary Shares to his spouse, Mrs C Halstead for nil consideration and Mr Oliver transferred his newly issued Ordinary Shares to his spouse, Mrs S Podesta-Oliver for nil consideration. Following the issue of the new Ordinary Shares, the number of Ordinary Shares in issue will increase to 416,786,436. For the purpose of the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules ("DTRs"), the issued ordinary share capital of the Company following this allotment consists of 416,786,436 Ordinary shares with voting rights attached. There are no Shares held in treasury. The notification set out below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations, provides further detail. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated Name 1. M Halstead 2. G R Oliver 3. C Halstead 4. S Podesta-Oliver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status 1. Group CEO / PDMR of the Company 2. Group Finance Director / PRMR of the Company 3. PCA to M Halstead 4. PCA to G Oliver b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name James Halstead plc b) LEI 213800C8FFBYV06UL498 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Ordinary Shares of 5p each Identification code GB00B0LS8535 b) Nature of the transaction 1. Exercise of Share Option by M Halstead 2. Exercise of Share Option by G R Oliver 3. Transfer of Shares acquired by M Halstead to C Halstead 4. Transfer of Shares acquired by G R Oliver to S Podesta-Oliver c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices per share Volume(s) 1. 135.145p 2. 135.145p 3. nil 3. nil 1. 17,802 2. 14,582 3. 17,802 3. 14,582 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume 32,384 - Price 135.145p e) Date of the transaction 08 April 2024 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - AIM Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification: David Fletcher, Company Secretary to James Halstead plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and