AGM Statement James Halstead PLC 01 December 2023 1 December 2023 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (the 'Group') Chairman's Statement to the Annual General Meeting James Halstead plc, the commercial flooring company, is holding its 108 th AGM today at 12.00 noon at which the Chairman, Mr Anthony Wild, will make the following statement: "Firstly, let me welcome you all to our AGM. Customarily, I give a short update on trading for the first few months of our financial year. Today we will approve our final dividend of 5.75p per ordinary share - yet another record dividend which marks the 47th year of increase. In the first five months trading of the current financial year I can report that, whilst our major markets face strong competition, we are seeing improved output and profits which are materially ahead of the comparatives. We are confident of achieving full year market expectations of improved bottom line results and exceeding the half year comparatives, as well as extending our track record of increased dividends. In addition, cash levels are also materially ahead of prior year comparatives for the five months. I and the Board remain positive about the medium-term prospects for the Group as a whole." - Ends - Enquiries: James Halstead: Mark Halstead, Chief Executive Telephone: 0161 767 2500 Gordon Oliver, Finance Director Hudson Sandler: Nick Lyon Telephone: 020 7796 4133 Nick Moore Panmure Gordon (NOMAD & Joint Broker): Dominic Morley Telephone: 020 7886 2500 WH Ireland (Joint Broker): Ben Thorne Telephone: 020 7220 1666 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and