Disclaimer* James Halstead PLC 14 November 2025 14 November 2025 James Halstead plc ("James Halstead" or the "Company") PDMR Acquisition of Shares James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD) announces that on 14 November 2025, (1) Gordon Richard Oliver, an Executive Director, Chief Executive and PDMR of the Company, informed the Company that on the 14 November 2025, (2) Susan Podesta-Oliver (PCA to Gordon Richard Oliver) had purchased 8,500 ordinary shares of 5p each. Following the above transaction, Gordon Richard Oliver's total beneficial interest in the Company is 472,270 Ordinary Shares of 5p each, representing approximately 0.11% of the Company's issued share capital. The notification set out below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations, provides further detail. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name (1) Mr Gordon Richard Oliver (2) Mrs Susan Podesta-Oliver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status (1) Executive Director and Chief Executive (2) PCA to Gordon Richard Oliver b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name James Halstead plc b) LEI 213800C8FFBYVO6UL498 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 5p each GB00B0LS8535 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of 8,500 ordinary shares of 5p each by Susan Podesta-Oliver c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices per share Volume(s) 1. £1.3551 8,500 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 8,500 £1.3551 e) Date of the transaction 14 November 2025 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - AIM Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification: David Fletcher, Company Secretary to James Halstead plc For further information please contact: James Halstead plc: David Fletcher, Company Secretary Telephone 0161 767 2500 Hudson Sandler: Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Telephone: 020 7796 4133 Panmure Liberum (Nominated adviser & Joint broker): Edd Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Telephone: 020 7886 2500 Zeus (Joint Broker): Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Telephone: 020 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 20 minutes ago St James's Place 23 minutes ago St James's Place 39 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 41 minutes ago Oxford Biomedica 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and