Disclaimer* James Halstead PLC 17 October 2025 17 October 2025 James Halstead PLC (The "Company") Posting of Annual Report & Accounts and Notice of AGM James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD), a leading manufacturer and international distributor of commercial floor coverings, announces that its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 June 2025, as well as the notice of its 2025 Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), have today been posted to shareholders and made available for viewing on James Halstead's website at www. jameshalstead.com. Printed copies of the 2025 Annual Reports & Accounts are available upon written application to: Company Secretary, James Halstead plc, Beechfield, Hollinhurst Road, Radcliffe, Manchester M26 1JN The Company's AGM will be held in the Platinum Suite, Toughsheet Community Stadium, Burnden Way, Bolton BL6 6JW on 5 December 2025 at 12.00pm. For further information please contact: James Halstead plc: David Fletcher, Company Secretary Telephone 0161 767 2500 Hudson Sandler: Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Telephone: 020 7796 4133 Panmure Liberum (Nominated adviser & Joint broker): Ed Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Telephone: 020 7886 2500 Zeus (Joint Broker): Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Telephone: 020 3829 5000 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and