PDMR Acquisition of Shares James Halstead PLC 03 April 2024 James Halstead plc 03 April 2024 ("James Halstead" or the "Company") (AIM:JHD) PDMR Acquisition of Shares James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD) announces that on 02 April 2024, James Anthony Wild, a Non-Executive Director, Chairman and PDMR of the Company, informed the Company that on the 27 March 2024; (1) Jean Margaret Wild (PCA to James Anthony Wild) had sold 3,160 ordinary shares of 5 pence each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares"); (2) James Anthony Wild had purchased 3,160 Ordinary Shares into his personal SIPP facility. Following the above transaction, James Anthony Wild's beneficial ownership remains unchanged. The notification set out below, made in accordance with the requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulations, provides further detail. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name (1) Mrs Jean Margaret Wild (2) Mr James Anthony Wild 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status (1) PCA to James Anthony Wild (2) Non-Executive Director and Chairman b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name James Halstead plc b) LEI 213800C8FFBYV06UL498 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 5p each GB00B0LS8535 b) Nature of the transaction (1) Sale of 3,160 ordinary 5p shares by Jean Margaret Wild (2) Purchase of 3,160 ordinary 5p shares into James Anthony Wild's SIPP. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Prices per share Volume(s) 1. £2.025 2. £2.025 3,160 3,160 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price per share 3,160 £2.025 e) Date of the transaction 27 March 2024 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - AIM Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification: David Fletcher, Company Secretary to James Halstead plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and