PDMR Grant of Share Options James Halstead PLC 17 November 2023 James Halstead plc ("James Halstead" or the "Company") (AIM:JHD) PDMR Grant of Share Options James Halstead plc (AIM: JHD) announces that in accordance with the rules of the James Halstead Share Option Plan, the Remuneration Committee has granted 60,000 options to Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ("PDMRs") as listed below. PDMR Position Number of Options granted Exercise Price Total No. of Options now held Total No. of Options held as percentage of current issued share capital Mark Halstead Group Chief Executive 30,000 203.00 367,802 0.09% Gordon R Oliver Group Finance Director 30,000 203.00 364,582 0.09% The date of the grant is 17 th November 2023, and the period of exercise is between the third and tenth anniversary from the date of the grant. Following the grant of the Options the total number of ordinary shares in the Company under option is 2,807,334 representing 0.67% of the current issued share capital. The notification set out below, made in accordance with the requirements of the Market Abuse Regulation, provides further detail. 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name 1. Mark Halstead 2. Gordon Richard Oliver 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Classified as PDMRs of the Company b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer, or auction monitor a) Name James Halstead plc b) LEI 213800C8FFBYVO6UL498 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 5p each GB00B0LS8535 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of Share Options c) Price(s) and volume(s) Exercise Prices per share Volume(s) 1. 203.00p 2. 203.00p 1. 30,000 2. 30,000 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 60,000 203.00p e) Date of the transaction 17 th November 2023 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange - AIM Name of authorised official of issuer responsible for making notification: David Fletcher, Company Secretary to James Halstead plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Cambridge Cognition Holdings 1 hour ago Pearson 1 hour ago Trustpilot Group 1 hour ago Speedy Hire 1 hour ago Beazley All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and