Disclaimer* James Halstead PLC 08 January 2026 BLOCK LISTING SIX MONTHLY RETURN Date: 8 th JANUARY 2026 Name of applicant: James Halstead plc Name of scheme: James Halstead plc Long-term Incentive Plan 2024. Period of return: From: 1 st July 2025 To: 31 st December 2025 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 3,010,280 Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): - Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): - Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 3,010,280 Name of contact: David Fletcher Telephone number of contact: 0161 767 2500 The total number of Ordinary Shares carrying voting rights in James Halstead plc is 416,786,436. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest, or a change to their interest, in the Company under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 19 minutes ago St James's Place 22 minutes ago St James's Place 38 minutes ago Lloyds Banking Group 40 minutes ago Oxford Biomedica 1 hour ago Sabre Insurance Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and