Disclaimer* James Halstead PLC 28 September 2026 28 September 2026 JAMES HALSTEAD PLC (“James Halstead” or the “Company”) Delay in publication of FY26 Audited Results James Halstead plc, the AIM listed manufacturer and international distributor of floor coverings, announces that the publication of its audited results for the year ended 30 June 2026 will be briefly delayed. Publication was originally expected for 1 October 2026 however the Company’s auditor, BDO LLP, has informed the Company that it needs more time to finish its audit procedures for FY26. The Company has not been informed of any material audit issues affecting the consolidated financial statements and expects to announce its results for the year ended 30 June 2026 on Wednesday 14 October 2026. Enquiries: James Halstead plc Tel: 0161 767 2500 Mark Halstead, Executive Chairman Gordon Oliver, Chief Executive David Drillingcourt, Finance Director Hudson Sandler Tel: 020 7796 4133 Nick Lyon / Nick Moore Panmure Liberum (Nomad and Joint Broker) Tel: 020 7886 2500 Edward Mansfield / Tom Scrivens Zeus (Joint Broker) Ben Thorne / Fraser Marshall Tel: 020 3829 5000 NOTES TO EDITORS James Halstead (LSE: JHD) is a UK manufacturer and global supplier of flooring for commercial and domestic purposes. It distributes their manufactured and sourced products from operations across the United Kingdom, Europe, Scandinavia, Australasia, North America and Asia, and exports directly to almost every country around the world. The Company's brands include Polyflor, Palettone, Camaro, Karndean (Europe), Polysafe, Recofloor and Expona. James Halstead’s strategy is to constantly develop its brand identity and its reputation for quality, product innovation, durability and availability, thereby enhancing and maintaining goodwill with the aim of achieving repeat business. Over many years, the Company has adopted a policy of continual investment in both process improvement and product development to improve output efficiency and its product offering. The Company was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Bury, UK. It listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1948. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies James Halstead (JHD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Neo Energy Metals 1 hour ago Kelso Group Holdings 2 days ago Rathbones Group 2 days ago Georgia Capital 2 days ago Hays All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and