BETA Close X Keller Group plc announced that on August 6, 2026, Non-executive Director Stephen King acquired 6,500 ordinary shares at GBP 30.62 per share, while President, EME Peter Wyton disposed of 10,000 ordinary shares at GBP 30.85 per share. These transactions, which occurred on the London Stock Exchange, represent dealings by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs) and are part of their respective investment programmes. Disclaimer* 6 August 2026 Keller Group plc Director/PDMR Shareholding Keller Group plc (the "Company") announces that on 6 August 2026 it was notified of the following transactions in the Company's ordinary shares of 10 pence each (“Shares”) undertaken by the Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities (“PDMRs”) listed below : Stephen King, Non-executive Director, acquired 6,500 Shares at GBP 30.62 per Share. Peter Wyton, President, EME, disposed of 10,000 Shares at GBP 30.85 per Share. The transactions took place on 6 August 2026 in London (XLON). The Notification of Dealing Forms for the PDMRs can be found below. Enquiries: Keller Group plc Silvana Glibota-Vigo, Group Head of Secretariat Tel: +44 207 616 7582 Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c£3bn. LEI Number: 549300QO4MBL43UHSN10 NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM 1 Details of persons discharging managerial responsibility (“PDMR”) / person closely associated (“PCA”) a) Name Stephen King 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status PDMR (Provide job title) PCA (Provide name of job title of relevant PDMR) Non-executive Director N/A b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer a) Name Keller Group plc b) LEI 549300QO4MBL43UHSN10 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each GB0004866223 b) Indicate nature of the transaction Acquisition Disposal Subscription Other ii) Is the transaction linked to an exercise of a share award? Yes No X iii) Was the transaction conducted pursuant to an investment programme or a trading plan? Yes No If yes, provide date at which investment programme or trading plan was entered into: X c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) (Please state currency) Volume(s) GBP 30.62 6,500 d) Aggregated information Aggregated price(s) (Please state currency) Aggregated volume(s) Not applicable - single transaction Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction Date: 06.08.2026 Time zone: GMT f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange 1 Details of persons discharging managerial responsibility (“PDMR”) / person closely associated (“PCA”) a) Name Peter Wyton 2 Reason for the notification a) Position / status PDMR (Provide job title) PCA (Provide name of job title of relevant PDMR) President, EME N/A b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer a) Name Keller Group plc b) LEI 549300QO4MBL43UHSN10 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 10p each GB0004866223 b) Indicate nature of the transaction Acquisition Disposal Subscription Other ii) Is the transaction linked to an exercise of a share award? Yes No X iii) Was the transaction conducted pursuant to an investment programme or a trading plan? Yes No If yes, provide date at which investment programme or trading plan was entered into: X c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) (Please state currency) Volume(s) GBP 30.85 10,000 d) Aggregated information Aggregated price(s) (Please state currency) Aggregated volume(s) Not applicable - single transaction Not applicable - single transaction e) Date of the transaction Date: 06.08.2026 Time zone: GMT f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 34 minutes ago Canal+ SA 48 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 2 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and