BETA Close X Keller Group plc announces with deep sadness the passing of Michael Speakman, former Chief Executive Officer, on April 3, 2026. Speakman, who served as CFO from 2018 and CEO from 2019 until August 2025, made significant contributions to the company, guiding it through a period of development and improved financial and operational performance. The Board acknowledges his outstanding leadership and the legacy he leaves behind. Disclaimer* Keller Group PLC 09 April 2026 9 April 2026 Keller Group plc Michael Speakman It is with great sadness that the Board of Keller Group plc ('Keller') announces that Michael Speakman, formerly Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), passed away on 3 April 2026. Michael joined Keller as Chief Financial Officer in 2018, before becoming CEO in 2019 until August 2025, when he stepped down to continue medical treatment. Carl-Peter Forster, Chair of Keller, said: "It is with the deepest sadness that we announce Michael's passing. He made an immense contribution to Keller during his tenure and leaves a legacy of outstanding leadership during which he guided the company through a period of significant development and improved financial and operational performance. Michael was a great friend and colleague to many at Keller, and he will be hugely missed. Our thoughts are very much with Michael's family at this devasting time. " For any messages of condolence, please contact Kerry.Stenning@keller.com who will share with Michael's family. Contacts: www.keller.com Keller Group plc 020 7616 7575 James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer David Burke, Chief Financial Officer Nicola Rogers, Group Head of Investor Relations FTI Consulting 020 3727 1340 Nick Hasell Matthew O'Keeffe Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c£3bn. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 35 minutes ago Roadside Real Estate 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Xeros Technology Group 1 hour ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and