BETA Close X Keller Group plc has secured a $207 million contract variation for the I-40 highway reconstruction in the US, bringing the total secured work for this project to approximately $380 million, with about $70 million already completed. The remaining work is expected to be finished over the next two to three years, enhancing the Group's long-term revenue visibility and increasing its order book to a record £1.9 billion. Keller remains confident in delivering its full-year 2026 results in line with expectations. Disclaimer* Keller Group PLC 09 June 2026 9 June 2026 Keller Group plc Multi-year US highway contract variation award Keller Group plc ("Keller"), the world's largest geotechnical contractor, announces that it has been awarded a contract variation order in relation to the reconstruction of the I-40 highway in the US. Keller started working on the I-40 project in 2025 and this latest agreement follows a series of work packages that Keller is already undertaking. To date and including this latest contract variation of $207m, Keller has secured c$380m of work in relation to the I-40 reconstruction, of which c$70m has been completed. The remainder of the work is expected to be completed over the next two to three years. This multi-year contract supports the Group's longer-term revenue visibility and increases the Group order book to a record level of approximately £1.9bn. The Group remains confident of delivering 2026 full year results in line with expectations. James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer at Keller, said: "We are delighted to have secured further work on this major project, which reflects both the strength of our technical capabilities and the confidence our client has in Keller's expertise. The reconstruction of the I-40 corridor is a critical infrastructure project, and we are proud to play a key role in helping restore a vital transport link." --------- This announcement contains inside information. The person responsible for making this announcement is Catherine Shuttleworth, General Counsel and Company Secretary. For further information, please contact: Keller Group plc www.keller.com James Wroath, Chief Executive Officer 020 7616 7575 David Burke, Chief Financial Officer Nicola Rogers, Group Head of Investor Relations FTI Consulting Nick Hasell 020 3727 1340 Matthew O'Keeffe Notes to editors: Keller is the world's largest geotechnical specialist contractor providing a wide portfolio of advanced foundation and ground improvement techniques used across the entire construction sector. With around 10,000 staff and operations across five continents, Keller tackles an unrivalled 5,500 projects every year, generating annual revenue of c.£3bn. Cautionary statements: This document contains certain 'forward-looking statements' with respect to Keller's financial condition, results of operations and business and certain of Keller's plans and objectives with respect to these items. Forward-looking statements are sometimes, but not always, identified by their use of a date in the future or such words as 'anticipates', 'aims', 'due', 'could', 'may', 'should', 'expects', 'believes', 'intends', 'plans', 'potential', 'reasonably possible', 'targets', 'goal' or 'estimates'. By their very nature forward looking statements are inherently unpredictable, speculative and involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the economies and markets in which the Group operates; changes in the regulatory and competition frameworks in which the Group operates; the impact of legal or other proceedings against or which affect the Group; and changes in interest and exchange rates. For a more detailed description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors, please see the Principal risks and uncertainties section of the Strategic report in the Annual Report and Accounts. All written or verbal forward looking-statements, made in this document or made subsequently, which are attributable to Keller or any other member of the Group or persons acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the factors referred to above. Keller does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Nothing in this document should be regarded as a profits forecast. This document is not an offer to sell, exchange or transfer any securities of Keller Group plc or any of its subsidiaries and is not soliciting an offer to purchase, exchange or transfer such securities in any jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered, sold or transferred in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Keller Group (KLR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 33 minutes ago Canal+ SA 47 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 2 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and