Company update Capital Limited 10 March 2025 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Company Update Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, today provides an update on anticipated profitability for FY 2024, the outlook for 2025 and news of management changes. Trading update for FY2024: In addition to our recent Trading and Operational Update where we indicated an adverse impact to Group profitability particularly driven by our new operations in the USA, the Board has taken the decision, to book non-cash provisions in 2024 primarily relating to historical VAT receivables and various laboratory assets in Mali. The Company now expects net profit after tax ("NPAT") for 2024 to be in the range of $18 - 20 million. The Company will announce FY 2024 results on the 27 th March 2025. Revenue Outlook for FY 2025: FY 2025 revenue is expected to be in the range of $300 - 320 million. Revenues will be H2 weighted given the ramp up of new projects, predominantly in our mining business, and margins will follow a similar weighting. · Across our drilling business, the focus for 2025 will be on core profitability particularly in the USA. · In mining, revenues will be down YoY given the conclusion of our contracts at Sukari and Belinga in 2024, while operations at Reko Diq are expected, as per our previously announced letter of intent, to commence ramping up through 2025. · MSALABS is expected to generate revenues of ~$50-60 million (up from $43.6 million in 2024). We are consolidating our existing platform in key strategic locations to improve profitability. This includes the construction of a state-of-the-art laboratory at Nevada Gold Mines ("NGM") that will add wet chemistry and multi-element capabilities from 2026. Looking forward we continue to see revenues over $80 million for MSALABS driven by the hybrid laboratory at NGM and the rollout of further laboratories. Executive Management Changes: The Company's CEO, Peter Stokes, has tendered his resignation which has been accepted by the Board. He has agreed a brief transitional period to hand over responsibilities and to ensure business continuity. The senior management team will report to Jamie Boyton in his role as Executive Chairman. Commenting on the update, Jamie Boyton, Executive Chairman, said: "The Board has taken the decision to make non-cash provisions that have negatively impacted our 2024 results and driven our trading update today. We remain positive about the outlook for the business however we continue to face pressures to profitability, particularly driven by our operations in the USA. We do however expect margins to bottom in H1 2025 and expect a resumption of revenue growth in 2026 along with a recovery in margins. We look forward to providing the market with a comprehensive update on the 27 th March in conjunction with our FY 2024 results. I would like to thank Peter for his tireless efforts during this challenging time and we wish him the best of success in his future endeavours." - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chairman Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LLP +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Callum Stewart Rory Blundell FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis Lucy Wigney About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Sage Group 3 hours ago Barclays 3 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 3 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and