BETA Close X Capital Limited announced that BPM Investments Limited, a related party of Executive Chair Jamie Boyton, subscribed for 399,000 Common Shares under a placing, with 274,626 shares issued on November 25, 2025, at £1.07 each. Following this transaction, Mr. Boyton, directly and indirectly, will hold 21,869,692 Common Shares, representing 10.1% of the Company's enlarged share capital. The remaining placing shares are expected to be issued around December 15, 2025, subject to shareholder approval. Disclaimer* Capital Limited 26 November 2025 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Director Dealing Capital Limited (LSE:CAPD) ("Capital" or the "Company") announces that, pursuant to the Placing announced on 21 November 2025 and the publication of the Company's Circular in connection with the Tranche 2 Placing Shares on 24 November 2025, BPM Investments Limited ("BPM"), a related party of Jamie Boyton (Director and Executive Chair), has subscribed for 399,000 Common Shares of the Company under the terms of the Placing. The Tranche 1 Placing Shares were issued on 25 November 2025 and the Tranche 2 Placing Shares will be issued on or around 15 December 2025, subject to the passing of the Resolutions at the General Meeting on 11 December 2025. After settlement of the Tranche 1 Placing Shares under the transaction, Mr Boyton, through BPM, will be issued 274,626 Common Shares and Mr Boyton will hold, directly and indirectly, a total of 21,869,692 Common Shares representing 10.1% of the Company's Enlarged Share Capital. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in the text of this announcement have the meanings set out in the Circular. A copy of the relevant Notification of Dealing Form can be found below. This announcement is made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, Commercial & Corporate Development Ryan Tennis, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited (Joint Bookrunner) Tel: +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield / Varun Talwar Tamesis Partners LLP (Joint Bookrunner) Tel: +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon / Richard Greenfield Panmure Liberum Limited (Joint Bookrunner) Tel: +44 20 3100 2000 Scott Mathieson / John More / Freddie Wooding FTI Consulting Ben Brewerton / Nick Hennis Tel: +44 20 3727 1000 capitallimited@fticonsulting.com About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. Notification of transactions by PDMRs 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Jamie Phillip Boyton of BPM Investments Limited 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Executive Chair b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Capital Limited b. LEI 213800XG175G91JW8W37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Common shares of $0.0001 each BMG022411000 b. Nature of the transaction Subscription for new Common Shares c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price Volume(s) £1.07 274,626 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price See above e. Date of the transaction 25 November 2025 f. Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and