BETA Close X Capital Limited has published its Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2025, highlighting its commitment to ethical conduct and responsible operations across its mining services. The report, available on the company's website, underscores the integration of sustainability into the Group's long-term success strategy. The Chair of the Sustainability Committee expressed pleasure in sharing the report, emphasizing continued dedication to safe, responsible operations and transparent reporting. Disclaimer* Capital Limited 22 April 2026 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Publication of 2025 Sustainability Report Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, announces the publication of its Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 today, which will be available on the Group's website at www.capdrill.com/investors/announcements ; Sustainability is a core part of how we operate, grounded in the understanding that ethical conduct and responsible practices across our operations and supply chain are essential to long-term success . Commenting on the Sustainability Report, Cassie Boggs, Chair of the Sustainability Committee, said: "We are pleased to share our 2025 Sustainability Report, underscoring our continued commitment to safe, responsible operations and transparent reporting." - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, GM Commercial & Corporate Development Ryan Tennis, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LL P +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Varun Talwar Panmure Liberum Limited +44 20 3100 2000 Scott Mathieson John More FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Namibia, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and