BETA Close X Capital Limited will host a live investor presentation via Investor Meet Company on October 23, 2025, at 9:00 am BST. The presentation is accessible to existing and potential shareholders, as well as analysts. Attendees can submit questions in advance through the Investor Meet Company dashboard until October 22, 2025, at 9:00 am BST, or during the live presentation. Interested parties can register for free on the Investor Meet Company platform to join the Capital Limited presentation. Disclaimer* Capital Limited 20 October 2025 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Investor Presentation via Investor Meet Company Capital Limited (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, will provide a live presentation via the Investor Meet Company platform on 23 rd October 2025 at 9:00am BST. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders, as well as analysts. Questions can be submitted pre-event via the Investor Meet Company dashboard up until 22 nd October 2025 at 9:00am BST, or at any time during the live presentation. Investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free and add to meet Capital Limited via: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/capital-limited/register-investor Investors who already follow Capital Limited on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, Commercial & Corporate Development Ryan Tennis, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LL P +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Varun Talwar Rory Blundell Panmure Liberum Limited +44 20 3100 2000 Scott Mathieson John More Freddie Wooding FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Sage Group 3 hours ago Barclays 3 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 3 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and