Appointment of Non-Executive Director Capital Limited 21 November 2024 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Appointment of Non-Executive Director Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr Graeme Dacomb as an Independent Non-Executive Director, effective from 1 December 2024. Mr Dacomb who is based in London will join the Company's Audit Committee as Chair, in addition to becoming a member of each of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Since 2019 Mr Dacomb has served as a non-executive director (and chair of audit committee) on the Board of LSE-listed Ecora Resources plc. From 2019 to 2023 he was non-executive director (and chair of audit committee) of LSE-listed Ferrexpo plc, and from 2011 to 2018 Mr Dacomb was a member of the financial reporting review panel. Before that Mr Dacomb was a partner at Ernst and Young for 26 years where, for his last twelve years, he was a lead partner in the extractive industry, responsible for coordinating the provision of a full suite of services to multinational mining and oil and gas clients, including Xstrata, Fresnillo, and BP, across a broad range of countries including emerging markets. In addition to audit services, he provided critical advice for his clients on corporate governance structures, risk management, acquisitions, disposals and financial systems and controls. Mr Dacomb is considered to meet the requirements to be classified as an independent director under the UK Corporate Governance Code. Commenting on Mr Dacomb's appointment, Executive Chairman, Jamie Boyton, said: " We welcome Graeme to our Board as an Independent Non-Executive Director and Chair of Audit Committee. His technical skill set as well as his wealth of experience in the mining sector further strengthens our Board capabilities ." This announcement is released in compliance with UKLR 6.4.6 and there is no further information to be disclosed under the requirements of UKLR 6.4.8. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Peter Stokes, Chief Executive Officer Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LLP +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Callum Stewart Rory Blundell Burson Buchanan +44 20 7466 5000 Bobby Morse capital@buchanan.uk.com George Pope About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Sage Group 3 hours ago Barclays 3 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 3 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and