BETA Close X Shuka Minerals Plc has announced an assignment of £400,000 of the GMI Convertible Loan principal, plus £19,648 in interest, to RAB Capital Limited. This assignment allows RAB Capital to convert the loan into approximately 10,491,200 new ordinary shares at 4 pence per share, a price representing a 20% premium to the previous day's closing price. Conditional on this assignment, Shuka Minerals will also issue warrants to RAB Capital for an additional 10,491,200 shares at an exercise price of 8 pence, exercisable by July 2029. This transaction significantly reduces Shuka Minerals' outstanding GMI loan from approximately £563,000 to around £160,000, with the remainder not due until the end of 2027. Disclaimer* Shuka Minerals PLC 03 September 2026 Shuka Minerals Plc ("Shuka" or the "Company") 3 September 2026 Assignment of £400,000 of GMI Loan to RAB Capital Shuka Minerals Plc (AIM/AltX: SKA), an African focused mine operator and developer, is pleased to announce that it has agreed to an assignment (the "Assignment") by GMI of a major portion of the remaining GMI Convertible Loan (the "Loan") to RAB Capital Limited (the "Investor" or "RAB"). The Assignment of £400,000 of the Loan Principal, plus the interest of £19,648 for the months of July and August 2026, would enable RAB under the original terms of the Loan to convert for up to 10,491,200 new ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company ("Conversion Shares") at a price of 4 pence per Conversion Share (the "Conversion Price"). The Investor has indicated their intention to convert the loan shortly after the assignment. Conditional on completion of the Assignment, and according to the original terms of the Loan, the Company will grant the Investor warrants to subscribe for up to a further 10,491,200 new ordinary shares of £0.01 each at an exercise price of 8 pence per share, exercisable on or before 20 July 2029, as per the terms of the amended and restated loan agreement between GMI and the Company. The original warrants granted to GMI with respect to these 10,491,200 new ordinary shares will be cancelled. The Conversion Price represents a c.20% premium to the mid-market closing price of 3.3p on 2 September 2026. Reduction in GMI Loan outstanding The Assignment will reduce the GMI loan outstanding from approximately £563,000 to approx. £160,000 and follows previous reductions of £796,439.00 due to the recent loan conversion and £227,617.61 post a repayment by the Company in July 2026. RAB Capital Founder and CEO, Philip Richards, said: "We are pleased at RAB Capital to increase our investment in Shuka Minerals under the leadership of Rich Lloyd. Although part of the value of Shuka is the Rukwa coal deposit, the future and biggest value is clearly the Kabwe deposit, with its exceptional zinc grades and other contained metals such as Copper, Vanadium, Lead, Silver and sought after Gallium and Germanium. Zinc is only recently getting the attention from the equity markets it deserves. The Zambian jurisdiction also gives us confidence." Shuka Minerals CEO, Richard Lloyd, commented: "I am delighted to see RAB Capital increasing their stake in Shuka, Philip Richards and RAB are strong supporters of Shuka and share the vision of Shuka's future path. RAB, who share my belief in the inherent value within the Kabwe Project, have expressed a desire to be long term and supportive investors in the Company. "I would like to thank GMI for their long term support of the Company and for assisting in bringing this transaction to a conclusion. "The conversion of a large portion of the remaining Loan reduces the indebtedness of the Company and interest payments greatly with the recent interest payments due also converted. The remainder of the loan, approximately £160,000, is not due for repayment until the end of 2027." This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. The Directors of Shuka are responsible for the contents of this announcement. ENDS Shuka Minerals plc has its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange ("AIM") and a secondary listing on the AltX of the JSE Limited. For enquiries contact: Shuka Minerals Plc Richard Lloyd Chief Executive Officer +44 (0)7990 503 007 Nominated Adviser Cairn Financial Advisers LLP Sandy Jamieson / Ludovico Lazzaretti / James Western +44 (0)20 7213 0880 JSE Sponsor & Listing Advisor AcaciaCap Advisors Proprietary Limited Michelle Krastanov +27 (11) 480 8500 Broker Tavira Financial Limited Oliver Stansfield / Jonathan Evans +44 (0)20 7100 5100 Investor Relations Olivia Lloyd +44 (0)208 892 8329 Caution: Certain statements in this announcement are, or may be deemed to be, forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ''believe'', ''could'', "should", ''envisage'', ''estimate'', ''intend'', ''may'', ''plan'', ''potentially'', "expect", ''will'' or the negative of those, variations or comparable expressions, including references to assumptions. These forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but rather on the Directors' current expectations and assumptions regarding the Company's future growth, results of operations, performance, future capital and other expenditures (including the amount, nature and sources of funding thereof), competitive advantages, business prospects and opportunities. Such forward looking statements reflect the Directors' current beliefs and assumptions and are based on information currently available to the Directors. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Shuka Minerals (SKA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and