BETA Close X Capital Limited has announced significant contract wins across its drilling, mining, and laboratory divisions, reflecting a strong demand environment and the deployment of recently raised funds. The company has recommenced waste stripping at the Sukari Gold Mine with an 18-month contract starting in Q1 2026, utilizing existing and new equipment. Furthermore, Capital's drilling business secured a 5-year grade control drilling contract with Montage Gold in Côte d'Ivoire, commencing mobilization in Q2 2026. MSALABS has also secured a 5-year commercial laboratory services contract with Equinox Gold in Newfoundland, which will support the construction of a new laboratory featuring PhotonAssay™ technology. These new contracts, alongside previously announced awards and extensions, indicate positive momentum for the Group. Disclaimer* Capital Limited 25 February 2026 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Contracts Update Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, is pleased to announce several material contract developments across its drilling, mining and laboratory operations. Commenting on the new contract awards, Jamie Boyton, Executive Chairman, said: "We are pleased to announce today that we continue to capitalise on the highly favourable demand environment and are starting to deploy the funds recently raised to support our growth strategy. We are seeing this increasing demand across all parts of the business, with contract wins highlighted below spanning mining, drilling and MSALABS. In mining, we have recommenced waste stripping mining at the Sukari Gold Mine, utilising our remaining fleet at site. Our drilling business has secured a multi-year grade control drilling contract with Montage Gold in Côte d'Ivoire. MSALABS has secured a multi-year contract with Equinox Gold, underpinning the decision to construct a commercial laboratory in Newfoundland and deploy another PhotonAssay TM unit. We are excited by the momentum we are seeing and will provide further detail, including guidance for 2026, at our FY2025 results on the 19 th March." Waste Stripping Contract at Sukari Gold Mine · Capital has been awarded a waste stripping cutback services contract at Sukari Gold Mine, operated by AngloGold Ashanti o This contract will utilise our existing equipment still on site supported by a number of newly purchased trucks and additional ancillary equipment o The contract term is 18 months and is expected to commence in Q1 2026, with our existing equipment, followed by the new equipment phasing in through Q2 2026 Grade Control Drilling Contract with Montage Gold · Capital has been awarded a 5-year grade control drilling contract with Montage Gold at its Koné Gold Project in Côte d'Ivoire o Mobilisation is expected to start in Q2 2026 Equinox Gold - Newfoundland MSALABS Laboratory Contract · MSALABS has been awarded a 5-year commercial laboratory services contract with Equinox Gold's Valentine Project in Newfoundland, Canada o This contract will underpin the construction of a new commercial laboratory in Newfoundland utilising PhotonAssay TM technology, as well as providing sample preparation and multi-element analysis Other Recent and Previously Announced Awards As previously announced, MSALABS has: · been awarded a 5-year contract to build and operate an on-site laboratory at Montage Gold's Koné Gold Project in Côte d'Ivoire; · been awarded a 3-year contract with IAMGOLD's Westwood mine through our commercial laboratory in Val d'Or; and · commenced construction for a second commercial laboratory in Côte d'Ivoire, equipped with PhotonAssay TM technology. Additionally, the Group has been awarded several smaller contract extensions and additions across its existing drilling contracts and several smaller laboratories services contracts. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, GM Commercial & Corporate Development Ryan Tennis, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LL P +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Varun Talwar Panmure Liberum Limited +44 20 3100 2000 Scott Mathieson John More FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and