BETA Close X Capital Limited has issued a notice regarding its Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on May 20, 2026, at 11:00 AM BST. Shareholders were mailed the Notice of AGM and Proxy Form yesterday, and these documents are now available on the Group's website and the National Storage Mechanism. The deadline for submitting proxy forms is 11:00 AM BST on May 18, 2026, with a slightly earlier deadline of May 15, 2026, for depository interests. Shareholders can submit questions in advance via the Investor Meet platform or email by May 20, 2026. Disclaimer* Capital Limited 17 April 2026 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Notice of AGM and Proxy Form Copies of the Notice of AGM and Proxy Form were mailed to Shareholders yesterday. Additionally, they have been submitted to the Financial Services Authority's National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism The Notice of AGM will be available on the Group's website at https://www.capdrill.com/investors/announcements from today. AGM The AGM is to be held at Panmure Liberum's London office, Ropemaker Place, Level 12, 25 Ropemaker Street, London EC2Y 9LY on 20 th May 2026 at 11:00am BST. The business to be considered by Shareholders at the AGM is set out in the Notice, which includes explanatory notes on each of the resolutions. If you are unable to attend in person, your vote is important and if you want it to count, you should complete and submit your votes online or complete and return the Form of Proxy to our registrars as soon as possible. To be valid, the Form of Proxy provided must be lodged and received no later than 11:00am BST on 18 th May 2026, or in the case of shares held through CREST, via the CREST system. Details of electronic voting instructions are set out in the Notice. Any person who holds their interest in the Company by way of depository interests rather than Common Shares will receive a Form of Instruction. To be valid, the Form of Instruction must be lodged and received no later than 11:00 am BST on 15 May 2026 in accordance with the Notice. Webcast Presentation Shareholders who are unable to attend in person but wish to follow the proceedings of the AGM, should register for the event in advance via the following Investor Meet link: https://www.investormeetcompany.com/capital-limited/register-investor Shareholders should note that they will not be able to vote at the AGM online and that the Investor Meet facility will only enable them to follow the proceedings of the AGM, and not to vote or speak at the Meeting. If they wish to vote on the Resolutions, they must either attend in person or vote by proxy. The Board urges Shareholders to vote by proxy on the Resolutions as early as possible and recommends that Shareholders appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy. Shareholder Questions Shareholders are also invited to submit questions for the Board to consider at the AGM. Questions can be submitted in advance of the AGM via the Investor Meet Company platform up to 11:00am BST on 20 th May 2026 or at any time during the AGM itself. The Board will respond to key questions during the meeting and will provide all such answers as soon as possible thereafter. Alternatively, please email your questions to investor@capdrill.com by 11:00am BST on 20 th May 2026. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, GM Commercial & Corporate Development Ryan Tennis, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LLP +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Varun Talwar Panmure Liberum Limited +44 20 3100 2000 Scott Mathieson John More FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Namibia, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Safestore Holdings 1 hour ago CMC Markets 2 hours ago IMI 2 hours ago Softcat 2 hours ago NewRiver REIT All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and