BETA Close X Capital Limited will host a live webcast presentation on March 19, 2026, at 9:00 AM GMT to discuss its FY 2025 results, allowing existing and potential shareholders and analysts to submit questions. The presentation will be accessible via a SparkLive webcasting page, with a copy of the presentation available on www.capdrill.com. Disclaimer* Capital Limited 18 March 2026 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") London Stock Exchange Presentation Details Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, will host a live webcast presentation at 9:00am GMT on Thursday 19 th March 2026, where questions can be submitted through the platform. The presentation is open to all existing and potential shareholders, as well as analysts. Questions can be submitted via the SparkLive page webcasting page using the 'Ask a Question' button pre-event or at any time during the live presentation. Capital Limited FY 2025 Results | SparkLive | LSEG If you are unable to access the page by clicking the link above, copy and paste the link below into your browser: https://sparklive.lseg.com/CAPITALLIMITED/events/04e29831-46a3-4f36-afcf-9754680d457a/capital-limited-fy-2025-results Investors who already follow Capital Limited on the London Stock Exchange platform will automatically be invited. Participants may join the webcast approximately five minutes before the commencement time. A copy of the Company's presentation will be available on www.capdrill.com - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, GM Commercial & Corporate Development Ryan Tennis, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LLP +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Varun Talwar Panmure Liberum Limited +44 20 3100 2000 Scott Mathieson John More FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Spirax Group plc 1 hour ago RentGuarantor Holdings PLC 1 hour ago Rosebank Industries Plc 1 hour ago Chesnara 1 hour ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and