Contracts Update Capital Limited 19 June 2025 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Contracts Update Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, is pleased to announce the award of a further significant contract at Reko Diq, as well as other contract awards across drilling and laboratory services. Commenting on the new contract awards, Jamie Boyton, Executive Chairman, said: "We are seeing strong momentum across the business, as we move through Q2 2025, driven by both a successful initial ramp up of our mining contract at Reko Diq and through the award of multiple new contracts. We are pleased to announce our new borehole drilling services contract at Reko Diq, which is a new revenue stream for the business, and further underpins our strong operating relationship with Barrick. We have also been awarded a number of new exploration drilling contracts, as the exploration market improves from the sustained high gold prices. MSALABS, after a strong start to the year, continues its positive trajectory with the commissioning of the state-of-the-art commercial laboratory in Elko, Nevada and new contract awards and extensions. We look forward to providing our Q2 trading update on 17 July 2025." Borehole Drilling Services Contract with Reko Diq Mining Company Limited Capital has been awarded a 3-year contract with a 1-year extension option to provide borehole drilling services to support the development of the Reko Diq copper-gold project, operated by Barrick. The contract covers the drilling, casing and development of production water holes essential for the Reko Diq project. To fulfil this contract, Capital has purchased a specialised water bore drilling rig manufactured by Italian rig manufacturer Fraste. The rig is now on-site and undergoing commissioning while waiting on other critical components required to perform this multi-year contract. Exploration Drilling Contract Awards Demand for exploration drilling has increased in recent months, which is consistent with the increase seen in capital markets activity. We are pleased to announce the award of the following exploration contracts, which will be carried out over the next 6 months: · Allied Gold - Côte d'Ivoire · Toubani Resources - Mali · International Continental Scientific Drilling Program (ICDP) - Gabon MSALABS Contract Awards MSALABS continues to build on its current momentum and is pleased to provide the following update: · Installation and commissioning complete at our new commercial laboratory in Elko, Nevada We have completed the installation and commissioning of our state-of-the-art laboratory, equipped with our third Chrysos PhotonAssay TM unit in the region, and have commenced processing samples in June. · Contract extension at Tasiast Gold Mine, Mauritania MSALABS has received a Letter of Award for the two-year extension of our on-site laboratory services contract with Kinross at the Tasiast Gold Mine in Mauritania, where we have operated since 2019. · New contract with WIA Gold's Kokoseb Gold Project, Namibia MSALABS has been awarded a three-year dedicated fire assay laboratory services contract for WIA Gold's Kokoseb Gold Project in Namibia. Mining Contract Update at Reko Diq Our mining contract at Reko Diq continues its ramp-up phase since its commencement in April: · First tranche of the Sukari fleet has arrived on-site and will be commissioned over the next month. · Second tranche of the Sukari fleet is being prepared for export from Egypt. · As previously announced, the Gabon mining fleet is fully deployed and commenced activities in April. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, Commercial, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LL P +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Varun Talwar Rory Blundell FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis Lucy Wigney About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Namibia, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Sage Group 3 hours ago Barclays 3 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 3 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and