Issue of Equity and Director / PDMR shareholding Capital Limited 10 April 2025 Capital Limited ("Capital", the "Group" or the "Company") Issue of Equity, Director / PDMR shareholding and Total Voting Rights Capital (LSE: CAPD), a leading mining services company, today announces that it has issued a total of 465,154 new common shares ("Shares") in accordance with the terms of the Company's Short Term Incentive Plan ("STIP") . The new Shares issued will rank pari passu with the Company's existing Shares. Pursuant to the terms of the Company's Short Term Incentive Plan from its awards in 2023, of the 465,154 Shares issued, Directors of the Company received 264,213 Shares: 1. 175,180 Shares awarded to Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair of the Company, at a price of £0.90 per Share. This represents a previously approved award with a share price value date of 18 March 2024; 2. 89,033 Shares awarded to Brian Rudd, Executive Director of the Company, at a price of £0.90 per Share. This represents a previously approved award with a share price value date of 18 March 2024. Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange and admission of the new 465,154 Shares is expected on or around 11 April 2025, following which; the Company's issued share capital will comprise 196,722,278 Shares of $0.0001 each. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. This announcement is made in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation. - ENDS - For further information, please visit Capital's website www.capdrill.com or contact: Capital Limited investor@capdrill.com Jamie Boyton, Executive Chair Rick Robson, Chief Financial Officer Conor Rowley, Corporate Development & Investor Relations Tamesis Partners LLP +44 20 3882 2868 Charlie Bendon Richard Greenfield Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited +44 20 7710 7600 Ashton Clanfield Callum Stewart Rory Blundell FTI Consulting +44 20 3727 1000 Ben Brewerton capitallimited@fticonsulting.com Nick Hennis Lucy Wigney About Capital Limited Capital Limited is a leading mining services company that provides a complete range of drilling, mining, maintenance and geochemical laboratory solutions to customers within the global minerals industry. The Company's services include exploration, delineation and production drilling; load and haul services; maintenance; and geochemical analysis. The Group's corporate headquarters are in the United Kingdom and it has established operations in Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, United States of America and Zambia. Notification of transactions by PDMRs 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Jamie Boyton 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Executive Chair b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Capital Limited b. LEI 213800XG175G91JW8W37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Common shares of $0.0001 each BMG022411000 b. Nature of the transaction Award of common shares c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.90 175,180 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price See above e. Date of the transaction 10 April 2025 f. Place of the transaction Outside of trading venue 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Brian Rudd 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status Executive Director b. Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Capital Limited b. LEI 213800XG175G91JW8W37 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Common shares of $0.0001 each BMG022411000 b. Nature of the transaction Award of common shares c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.90 89,033 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price See above e. Date of the transaction 10 April 2025 f. Place of the transaction Outside of trading venue This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Capital Limited (DI) (CAPD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Schroder Asia Pacific Fund 3 hours ago Sage Group 3 hours ago Barclays 3 hours ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 3 hours ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and