UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025 ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to _________ Commission file number 1-11430 MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 25-1190717 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 622 Third Avenue , 38th Floor New York, New York 10017-6707 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) ( 212 ) 878-1800 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.10 par value MTX New York Stock Exchange LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark if Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Large Accelerated Filer ☒ Accelerated Filer ☐ Emerging Growth Company ☐ Non-accelerated Filer ☐ Smaller Reporting Company ☐ I f an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒ If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive oﬃcers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ As of June 29, 2025, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (based upon the closing price at which the stock was sold as of June 27, 2025) was approximately $ 1.2 billion. Solely for the purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock held by officers, directors, and beneficial owners of 10% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of February 6, 2026, the Registrant had outstanding 31,048,585 shares of common stock, all of one class. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 1 MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 19 Item 2. Properties 20 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 30 Item 6. [Reserved] 31 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 44 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 45 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 46 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 46 Item 9B. Other Information 46 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 46 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11. Executive Compensation 46 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 47 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 47 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 47 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 48 Signatures 52 2 PART I Item 1. Business Minerals Technologies Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the “Company,” “MTI,” “ we, ” “us” or “our”) is a global, technology-driven specialty minerals company that develops, produces, and markets a wide range of minerals and mineral-based products and services. We are the world's largest producer of bentonite and a leading producer of calcium carbonate. Our products and minerals are an essential part of everyday life for millions of people around the world. The Company's vertical integration extends from mine to market: we directly source minerals from our globally distributed reserves, transform them at our plants through proprietary technologies and applications into fit-for-purpose products, and market these products to customers across a range of industries. This process is driven by our world-class manufacturing, R&D capabilities, efficient approach to new product development, and company-wide focus on innovation and Operational Excellence. At December 31, 2025, the Company's operations are reflected in the following two reportable business segments under which we managed our operations, assessed performance, and reported earnings: Consumer & Specialties and Engineered Solutions. The Consumer & Specialties segment serves consumer end markets directly with mineral-to-market finished products and also provides specialty mineral-based solutions and technologies that are an essential component of our customers’ finished products. The Engineered Solutions segment serves industrial end markets with engineered systems, mineral blends, and technologies that are designed to improve our customers’ manufacturing processes and projects . The Company is focused on executing our growth strategy of expanding our business into faster-growing markets and geographies, strengthening our leadership positions in existing markets, and introducing innovative, high-value products. The following table sets forth the percentage of our revenues generated from each segment for each of our last three fiscal years: Percentage of Net Sales 2025 2024 2023 Consumer & Specialties 53 % 54 % 54 % Engineered Solutions 47 % 46 % 46 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on our two business segments. CONSUMER & SPECIALTIES SEGMENT The Consumer & Specialties segment provides technologically enhanced products to consumer-driven end markets, including mineral-to-market household products, as well as specialty additives that become functional components in a variety of consumer and industrial goods. This segment includes two product lines: Household & Personal Care and Specialty Additives. Household & Personal Care Products and Markets The Household & Personal Care product line delivers mineral-to-market products to a variety of consumer-oriented markets, including cat litter, personal care, fabric care, edible oil and renewable fuel purification, animal health, and agriculture. This product line uses a core technology that we call “Functional Additives,” which is the use of unique minerals and additives to deliver functionality to our products and our customers’ products. The Company’s cat litter products include sodium bentonite-based scoopable (clumping), lightweight, alternative, and non-clumping cat litters sold throughout North America, Europe, and Asia. The Company's cat litter products are marketed on a business-to-business basis under the SIVO™ global brand. The Company’s scoopable products’ clump-forming capability traps urine, reducing waste by allowing for easy removal of only the odor-producing elements from the litter box. The Company is a provider of private-label cat litter to retail partners, as well as a provider of packaged and bulk cat litter to globally recognized national brands. The Company’s internal transportation group provides logistics services and is a key component of our capability in supplying customers on a national basis. The Company has completed a number of acquisitions of cat litter manufacturers over the past several years in both the European and North American markets. 3 The Company also produces several other bentonite and leonardite-based proprietary solutions for consumer and industrial applications, such as: Filtration media for edible oil and renewable fuels, including sustainable aviation fuels, for which the company's differentiated product allows for the targeted removal of specific contaminants. Natural bentonite feed additives to improve animals’ digestive health through gastrointestinal binding of mycotoxins. Filtration media for beverage clarification. Agricultural products to improve plant harvests, plant health, and crop yield. In addition, the Company supplies fabric care products and additives consisting of high-grade, agglomerated bentonite and other mineral additives that perform as softening agents in certain powdered-detergent formulations or act as carriers for colorants, surfactants, and fragrances. These fabric care products are formulated to adapt to our customers’ changing technical requirements. The Company also manufactures personal care ingredients for cosmetic anti-aging formulations and advanced delivery system technologies for the sustained release of retinoid and other actives in cosmetic, OTC, and prescription formulations. It also produces mineral ingredients providing improved feel and viscosity control in cosmetic formulations. Products range from ingredient sales to fully formulated finished goods. The Company’s Household & Personal Care net sales were $512.8 million, $530.0 million, and $517.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Specialty Additives Products and Markets The Specialty Additives product line delivers mineral additives to a variety of consumer and industrial end markets, including p aper and packaging, food and pharmaceutical, sealants and adhesives, paints and coatings, and plastics. This product line uses a core technology that we call “Crystal Engineering,” and involves proprietary processes to synthesize crystal type, size, and morphology to achieve specific functionality. The Company manufactures customized Precipitated Calcium Carbonate (PCC) and Ground Calcium Carbonate (GCC) products using proprietary processes for the paper, paperboard, and fiber-based packaging industry. Each product is designed to provide the optimum balance of paper properties including brightness, opacity, bulk, strength, and improved printability. The majority of this product line's sales to paper or packaging makers originate from “satellite” plants. A satellite plant is a manufacturing facility located near a paper or packaging mill thereby eliminating the cost of transporting product from remote production sites to the paper or packaging mill for our customers. The Company owns, operates, and maintains all of its satellite facilities and owns or licenses the related technology. Generally, the Company and its customers enter into long-term evergreen agreements, initially ten to fifteen years in length, pursuant to which the Company supplies substantially all of the customers' requirements. The Company is generally permitted to sell to third parties products produced at a satellite plant in excess of the host mill’s requirements. Additionally, the Company offers mineral solutions for filler and coating applications in both containerboard and cartonboard packaging. Growth in the packaging segment is driven by trends in consumption, e-commerce, and demand for sustainable packaging solutions. The Company also produces and sells a full range of specialized PCC products on a merchant basis for non-paper and packaging applications, including surface-treated and untreated grades of PCC to the polymer industry for use in automotive and construction applications, and to the adhesives industry. The Company’s PCC is also used by the pharmaceutical industries as a source of calcium, as a buffering agent in tablets, food applications, and as a mild abrasive in toothpaste. In addition, the Company mines and processes GCC products at its reserves in the eastern and western parts of the United States. GCC is used and sold in the construction, automotive, and consumer markets in addition to packaging applications. Our high-quality limestone and dolomitic limestone are defined primarily by the chemistry and color characteristics of the ore bodies. We serve multiple markets from each of our operations, each of which has different requirements relating to a combination of chemical and physical properties. The Company’s Specialty Additives net sales were $584.9 million, $610.2 million, and $642.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 4 ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS SEGMENT The Engineered Solutions segment provides advanced process technologies and solutions that are designed to improve our customers’ manufacturing processes and projects. This segment includes two product lines: High-Temperature Technologies and Environmental & Infrastructure. High-Temperature Technologies Products and Markets The High-Temperature Technologies product line delivers mineral-based blends, technologies, and systems to the foundry, steel, glass, aluminum, and other high-temperature processing industries . This product line uses a core technology that we call “Engineered Blends” and is the development of tailored blends of specific minerals and additives to enhance customer processes and product performance. For the foundry industry, this product line produces custom-blended mineral and non-mineral products, also known as Green Sand Bonds, to strengthen sand molds for casting for auto and heavy truck parts, agriculture, and construction equipment, municipal, infrastructure, and other industrial castings markets. These products help our customers in the foundry industry improve productivity by reducing scrap from defects and poor surface quality. Our ADDITROL ® blends also improve the efficiency and recycling of sand blends in mold sand systems by lowering clay consumption and improve air quality by reducing volatile organic compound emissions. Our mine to mold operational capability has resulted in providing a consistent high-quality product, technical support, and reliable on-time delivery service valued by our customers. The Company also offers a broad range of monolithic and pre-cast refractory products and related systems and services for the steel industry. The Company sells the following refractory products: Gunnable monolithic refractory products and application systems to users of basic oxygen furnaces and electric arc furnaces for application on furnace walls to prolong the life of furnace linings. Monolithic refractory materials and pre-cast refractory shapes for iron and steel ladles, vacuum degassers, continuous casting tundishes, blast furnaces, and reheating furnaces. Refractory shapes and linings to the glass, cement, aluminum, petrochemicals, power generation, and other non-steel industries. The Company’s proprietary application equipment is used to apply refractory materials to the walls of steel-making furnaces and other high temperature vessels to maintain and extend their useful life. MINSCAN ® refractory application machines allow for remote-controlled application of the Company’s refractory products in steel-making furnaces, as well as in steel ladles. This helps the steel-making industry to achieve their employee safety goals and increase productivity. These application systems and the technologically advanced refractory materials developed in the Company’s research laboratories have been well accepted by the Company’s customers. These solutions allow steel makers to improve their performance through, among other things, the application of monolithic refractories to furnace linings while the furnace is at operating temperature, thereby eliminating the need for furnace cool-down periods and steel-production interruption. The result is a lower overall cost for steel makers. Refractory product sales are often supported by Company-supplied proprietary application equipment, laser measurement systems, and on-site technical service support. The Company’s technical service staff and application equipment assist customers to achieve desired productivity objectives. The Company’s technicians are also able to conduct laser measurement of refractory wear, sometimes in conjunction with robotic application tools, to improve refractory performance at many customer locations. The Company believes that these services, together with its refractory product offerings, provide it with a strategic marketing advantage. The Company also produces a number of other technologically advanced products for the steel industry, including calcium metal, metallurgical wire products, and a number of metal treatment specialty products. The Company also produces a specialized line of carbon composites and PYROID ® pyrolitic graphite, primarily for the aerospace and electronics industries. The Company’s High-Temperature Technologies net sales were $704.7 million, $713.2 million, and $720.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 5 Environmental & Infrastructure Products and Markets The Environmental & Infrastructure product line offers project-based products and solutions for environmental remediation, water treatment, building materials, and infrastructure. This product line uses a core technology that we call “Particle Surface Modification” and is the modification of the outer layer of our minerals through chemistry. The Company’s geosynthetic clay lining systems are used for lining and capping landfills, mine waste disposal sites, and industrial waste storage sites such as bauxite residue and coal ash waste. The Company also provides associated geosynthetic materials for these applications, including geotextiles and drainage geocomposites. The vapor intrusion mitigation applications include specialized technologies to prevent gas vapor intrusion in new building construction. Products offered include Liquid Boot ® vapor barrier, a spray applied system that works as a stand-alone or in conjunction with various membrane systems to provide best in class performance. Additionally, the Company offers a wide variety of both active and passive waterproofing and greenroof technologies for use in protecting structures from groundwater intrusion. The end users of these products are specialty subcontractors trained by the company in the proper installation of all our products. The Company is also well known in the environmental remediation industry providing technologies that address a variety of complex and aggressive contaminants in soil, groundwater, and marine sediment. The reactive capping technologies and solutions are used to effectively contain residual contamination and to reduce costs associated with ex-situ remedies. The Company also specializes in treating soil, groundwater, landfill leachate, surface waters and drinking water sources contaminated with Per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and Perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) with our FLUORO-SORB ® adsorbent. The Company's drilling products are used in environmental and geotechnical drilling applications, horizontal directional drilling, mineral exploration, and foundation construction, as well as in oil and gas well drilling. Bentonite imparts thickening and suspension properties that facilitate the transport of rock cuttings to the surface during the drilling process. It also contributes to a drilling fluid’s ability to lubricate the drill bit and coat the underground formations to prevent hole collapse and drill-bit seizing. Additionally, within this product line, the Company provides offshore filtration and well testing services to improve the production, cost, compliance, and environmental impact of activities performed globally in the oil and gas industry. The Company’s Environmental & Infrastructure net sales were $270.2 million, $265.1, million and $288.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Marketing and Sales The Company relies principally on its worldwide direct sales force to market its products. The direct sales force is augmented by technical service teams that are familiar with the industries to which the Company markets its products, and by several regional distributors. The Company’s sales force works closely with the Company’s technical service staff to solve technical and other issues faced by the Company’s customers. In the Consumer & Specialties segment, the Company is a provider of private-label cat litter to retail partners, as well as a provider of packaged and bulk cat litter to globally recognized national brands. In addition, the Company’s sales team and technical services staff assist paper producers in ongoing evaluations of the use of PCC for paper coating and filling applications as well as PCC and GCC use in the packaging, automotive, construction, and household goods markets. In the Engineered Solutions segment, the Company relies on industry-specialized technically oriented salespersons. For the foundry market, these sales teams provide expertise to educate our customers on the bentonite blend properties and to aid them in producing castings efficiently. Certain other products are distributed through networks of distributors and representatives, who warehouse specific products at strategic locations. In addition, the Company’s technical service personnel advise on the use of refractory materials, and, in many cases pursuant to service agreements, apply the refractory materials to the customers’ furnaces and other vessels. Our staff includes sales professionals and technical support engineers who analyze the suitability of our products in relation to the customer’s specific application and the conditions that products will endure or the environment in which they will operate. 6 The continued use of skilled technical service teams is an important component of the Company’s business strategy. The Company works closely with its customers to ensure that their requirements are satisfied, and it often trains and supports customer personnel in the use of the Company’s products. The Company oversees domestic marketing and sales activities principally from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and Hoffman Estates, Illinois, and from regional sales offices located elsewhere in the United States. The Company’s international marketing and sales efforts are directed from regional centers located in Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, India, Japan, Netherlands, Spain, Turkey, and the United Kingdom. The Company believes that its worldwide network of sales personnel and manufacturing sites facilitates continued international expansion. Raw Materials The Company depends in part on having an adequate supply of raw materials for its manufacturing operations, particularly lime and carbon dioxide for the Specialty Additives product line, and magnesia and alumina for the High-Temperature Technologies operations. We also depend on having an adequate supply of bentonite, leonardite, and limestone. Supplies of bentonite, leonardite, and limestone are mainly provided through the Company’s own mining operations and we depend on having adequate access to ore reserves of appropriate quality at such mining operations. The Company uses lime in the production of PCC and is a significant purchaser of lime worldwide. Generally, the lime utilized in our business is readily available from numerous sources and we purchase lime under long-term supply contracts from unaffiliated suppliers located in close geographic proximity to the Company’s PCC plants. We currently supply some quantities of lime to third parties that are in close proximity to our Adams, Massachusetts plant and could supply small quantities of lime to certain of our PCC satellite facilities that are in close geographic proximity to the Adams plant. Carbon dioxide is readily available in exhaust gas from the host mills for our satellites, or other operations at our merchant facilities. The principal raw materials used in the Company’s monolithic refractory products are refractory-grade magnesia and various forms of alumina silicates. Approximately 57% of the Company’s magnesia requirements were purchased from sources in China over the past five years. The price and availability of bulk raw materials from China are subject to fluctuations that could affect the Company’s sales to its customers. In addition, the volatility of transportation costs and application of U.S. tariffs have also affected the delivered cost of raw materials imported from China to North America and Europe. The Company has developed alternate sources of magnesia that have diversified our supply of magnesia. The amount sourced from China and other locations can vary from year to year depending upon price and availability from each source. The alumina we utilize in our business is readily available from numerous sources. The Company also purchases calcium metal, calcium silicide, carbon, and various alloys for use in the production of metallurgical wire products and uses lime and aluminum in the production of calcium metal. In addition to bentonite and leonardite provided through our mining operations, the principal raw materials for the products we supply to the foundry industry in our High-Temperature Technologies product line are coal, soda ash, and chromite, all of which are readily available from numerous sources. Mineral Reserves and Mining Process The Company relies on access to bentonite reserves to support our businesses. The Company has reserves of sodium and calcium bentonite at various locations in the U.S., including Wyoming, Montana, South Dakota, Nevada, and Alabama, as well as in Australia, China, Slovakia, and Turkey. Through the Company’s affiliations and joint ventures, the Company also has access to bentonite deposits in Mexico. The Company owns or controls the properties on which the bentonite reserves are located through long-term leases, royalty agreements (including easement and right of way agreements), and patented and unpatented mining claims. No single or group of mining claims or leases is significant or material to the financial condition or operations of our Company or our segments. In general, our bentonite reserves are immediately adjacent to, or within sixty miles of, one of the related processing plants. All of the properties on which our reserves are located are either physically accessible for the purposes of mining and hauling or the cost of obtaining physical access would not be material. Access to processing facilities from the mining areas is generally by private road, public highway, or railroad. For most of our leased properties and mining claims, there are multiple means of access. The Specialty Additives product line is supported by the Company’s limestone reserves located in the western and eastern parts of the United States. The Company generally owns and surface mines these reserves and processes its products at nearby processing plants. The Company has ongoing exploration and development activities for all of its mineral interests with the intent to increase its proven and probable reserves. See Item 2, “Properties,” for more information with respect to these facilities and mines. 7 The Company relies on shipping cargos of bentonite from the United States, Turkey, and China to customers, as well as our own subsidiaries, and we are sensitive to our ability to recover these shipping costs. Competition The Company is continually engaged in efforts to develop new products and technologies and refine existing products and technologies in order to remain competitive and to position itself as a market leader. The Company is the world's largest producer of bentonite and a leading producer of calcium carbonate. The Company competes on the basis of product quality, service, technical support, price, product availability, and logistics. There are numerous major producers of competing products and various regional suppliers in the areas the Company serves. Within the Consumer & Specialties segment, the Company is a global leader in private-label cat litter, North America bulk clumping cat litter, and European premium cat litter. With respect to its PCC products, the Company competes for sales to the paper and packaging industry with other minerals, such as GCC and kaolin, based in large part upon technological know-how, patents, and processes that allow the Company to deliver PCC that it believes imparts gloss, brightness, opacity, and other properties to paper and packaging on an economical basis. The Company is the leading manufacturer and supplier of PCC to the paper industry and specialty PCC in North America. The Company competes in sales of its GCC products based primarily upon quality, price, and geographic location. With respect to the Company’s High-Temperature Technologies products, competitive conditions vary by geographic region. Competition is based upon the performance characteristics of the product (including strength, consistency, thermal durability, and ease of application), price, and the availability of technical support. We believe the Company is the world’s largest producer and supplier of Green Sand Bonds, as well as the leader in refractory laser measurement systems, North American monolithic refractories, and solid core calcium wire. With respect to the Environmental & Infrastructure product line, the Company competes with geosynthetic clay liner manufacturers worldwide, several suppliers of alternative lining technologies, and providers of soil and environmental remediation solutions and products. In addition, our filtration and well-testing services compete with other oil and gas services companies. In building materials applications, the Company competes in a highly fragmented market comprised of a wide variety of alternative technologies. A number of integrated bentonite companies compete with the Company’s drilling products. Seasonality Some of our products within the Environmental & Infrastructure product line in the Engineered Solutions segment are impacted by weather and soil conditions. Many of the products cannot be applied in wet or winter weather conditions and, as such, sales and profits tend to be greater during the period from April through October. Sales in our Specialty Additives product line, within the Consumer & Specialties segment, are subject to similar seasonal patterns. In addition, the offshore oil and gas services are subject to natural disasters, such as hurricanes, which could lead to lower sales in the June to November months within the Environmental and Infrastructure product line. Research and Development Research and development and continuous innovation are one of the growth pillars of our Company. Our leadership positions across product lines are defined by our ability to understand our customers’ needs and deliver solutions that create sustainable, long-term value. All of our product lines are based on advanced, proprietary technologies that are applied during the manufacturing process. The Company’s internal research team has dedicated years of experience to analyzing properties of minerals and synthetic materials while developing processes and applications to enhance their performance. Our core technologies of Functional Additives, Crystal Engineering, Engineered Blends, and Particle Surface Modification are fundamental to our four major product lines. Our focus is on delivering the most efficient, high-performing, and innovative solutions to our customers. The combination of our unique, differentiated global mineral reserves and our technologies and application know-how allows us to continually develop new products focused on secular and sustainable trends. 8 In the Household & Personal Care product line, the Company ’s research and development efforts employ our Functional Additives core technology to support both our private-label and branded products. In pet care, we work with our customers to develop new formulations and packaging solutions. For our other specialized products, we are focused on expanding our offering of natural and sustainable solutions for a variety of products including edible oil and renewable fuel purification, animal health, personal care, fabric care, and agricultural products. In the Specialty Additives product line, the Company’s research and development efforts include application of our Crystal Engineering technology to create new PCC and GCC solutions for paper and packaging applications, including the repurposing of customer waste for use as a filler. We are also continually looking for new ways to apply our specialty PCC expertise to new markets and solutions as well as enhance our existing offerings. In the High-Temperature Technologies product line, our main objective is to design products and applications based on our customers’ needs by using our Engineered Blends core technology. We develop solutions for broader applications within the steel production process and are developing new blends for our foundry customers in order to further enhance their productivity and sustainability profile. In the Environmental & Infrastructure product line, our Particle Surface Modification core technology is used to develop products that meet critical performance criteria for a variety of customers. Our focus is on developing new solutions for waterproofing and environmental remediation. Our team is also working on developing treatment solutions for a broader range of contaminated water conditions to meet drinking water standards, building on the proven effectiveness of our FLOURO-SORB ® Adsorbent. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company spent approximately $22.9 million, $23.0 million, and $21.2 million, respectively, on research and development. The Company’s research and development spending as a percentage of sales was approximately 1.1%, 1.1%, and 1.0% for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company maintains its primary research facilities in Bethlehem and Easton, Pennsylvania and Hoffman Estates, Illinois. It also has research and development facilities in China, England, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Turkey, and additional sites in the United States. Approximately 216 employees worldwide are engaged in research and development. The Company has an active new product and process development program. Each year, numerous new product and process ideas are submitted and undergo a rigorous stage gate evaluation process. As a result, the Company commercializes a number of these products each year. Many of our products also contribute to improving our customers' sustainability profile. Patents and Trademarks The Company owns or has the right to use approximately 232 patents and approximately 1,808 trademarks related to its business. Our patents expire between 2026 and 2041. Our trademarks continue indefinitely. The Company believes that its rights under its existing patents, patent applications, and trademarks are of value to its operations, but no one patent, application, or trademark is material to the conduct of the Company’s business as a whole. Insurance The Company maintains liability and property insurance and insurance for business interruption in the event of damage to its production facilities and certain other insurance covering risks associated with its business. The Company believes such insurance is adequate for the operation of its business. There is no assurance that in the future the Company will be able to maintain the coverage currently in place or that the premiums will not increase substantially. Human Capital Resources Our people power the success of MTI. They are the cornerstone of our operational excellence and safety first culture, key to our ability to execute on our growth strategies, and vital to our success. Our core values — people, excellence, honesty, customer focus, and accountability — guide our actions. Workforce Demographics As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed 3,782 persons globally, located in over 30 countries. Of these, 1,755 (46%) were located in North America, 931 ( 25%) were located in Asia, 902 (24%) were located in Europe, and 194 (5%) were located in Latin America. 9 Focus on Safety Safety comes first at MTI. The health and safety of our people, partners, and communities is our top priority. Our “safety-first” culture has been built through dedication, continuous improvement, and active engagement. Creating a safe work environment by continuously identifying and reducing workplace risks and by reinforcing safe behaviors means that employees will return to their families every day in the same condition in which they came to work. While we believe zero-injuries is attainable, we have set goals of 1.00 for Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR, which is the number of recordable injuries per 100 employees) and 0.10 for Lost Workday Injury Rate (LWIR, which is the number of lost workday injuries per 100 employees), and we continue to make strides to drive incidents below these levels. In 2025, our TRIR was 0.54 and our LWIR was 0.14. This safety-first mindset helps us attract and retain top talent from around the world and drives continuous improvement in our manufacturing operations. Operational Excellence Culture Our Operational Excellence (OE) journey, rooted in the active engagement of our employees, began almost two decades ago when we developed a comprehensive and highly structured business system of lean principles closely integrated with safe and reliable work practices. We’ve significantly advanced OE across all aspects of our company, fostering a culture of continuous improvement where each employee recognizes the importance of applying these people-focused principles and tools to solve challenges, constantly refine our processes, identify and remove risk and waste, and deliver value to our customers. Every day, MTI employees show their engagement and apply their skills in ways that deliver measurable outcomes and create both business and social value. Human Capital Management and Inclusion Our people are essential to the successful delivery of the MTI strategy and to sustaining superior business performance. Our people strategy and programs are designed and implemented in support of our business and strategic objectives. We accelerate the development of our employees, strengthen our leadership capabilities, and enhance employee performance through a wide variety of formal and informal training initiatives, development programs, and regular succession plan reviews. MTI recognizes that its employees are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs in both their professional and personal lives. In support of this belief, the Company is committed to providing compensation that is competitive, equitable, and allows employees to share in the Company’s success through various incentive compensation programs. We design compensation programs and strategies that are built upon the foundational philosophies of market competitiveness and performance. We also offer a comprehensive and valuable benefits program that promotes physical, emotional, and financial wellness with the goal of supporting employees and their families. While offerings vary around the world, employees can access medical, dental, vision, and free life insurance on the first day of employment. Additional benefits include 100% company paid tuition assistance, free counseling through our Employee Assistance Program, a robust fertility and family building benefit, paid time off, and paid maternity leave. We believe workforce diversity, especially diversity of perspectives, strengthens our performance-driven culture and is vital to business success. Diversity and inclusion are embedded in our core values and sustainability strategy. Empowered teams, inclusive culture, and open expression of viewpoints help us drive long-term shareholder value. Our commitment is reflected in our policies, performance management, leadership development, and our CEO-led Global Inclusion Council. These efforts have reshaped benefits, enhanced leader training, fostered meaningful dialogue, and aligned our organization. Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters and Government Regulation The Company’s operations are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and health and safety. In particular, we are subject to certain requirements under the Clean Air Act. In addition, certain of the Company’s operations involve and have involved the use and release of substances that have been and are classified as toxic or hazardous within the meaning of these laws and regulations. Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for certain of the Company’s operations and such permits are subject to modification, renewal, and revocation. We are also subject to land reclamation requirements relating to our mining operations. In addition to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, we are subject to a wide variety of other federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations in the countries where we conduct business. The Company regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures, and policies for compliance with these laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations often requires the dedication of time and effort of employees, as well as financial resources. The Company believes its operations are in substantial compliance with these laws and regulations and that there are no violations that would have a material effect on the Company. Despite these compliance efforts, some risk of environmental and other damage is inherent in the Company’s operations, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses, and there can be no assurance that material violations will not occur in the future. In fiscal 2025, compliance with the regulations applicable to us did not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position, and the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company in the future. 10 Sustainability is core to who we are and the foundation of how we operate our company. At MTI, we are focused on providing the safest workplace for our employees, reducing our environmental impact, preserving natural resources, and making positive contributions to our local communities — all of which are ingrained in our values. For the past 17 years, MTI has published an annual Sustainability Report that describes our efforts in continuous improvement regarding our safety culture, environmental performance, new product development, social impact, and community engagement. Over the past several years, we have taken meaningful steps to advance our broad range of sustainability initiatives, including establishing 2025 environmental reduction targets in six focus areas: Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 emissions, airborne pollutants, water used, water discharged, and process waste disposed , each on an absolute basis and per ton of production for each of our focus areas. By 2024, we met or exceeded our targets in eleven out of twelve total environmental emission and discharge reduction targets. Laws and regulations are subject to change. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for information regarding the possible effects that compliance with new laws and regulations, including those relating to climate change, may have on our businesses and operating results. Under the terms of certain agreements entered into in connection with the Company’s initial public offering in 1992, Pfizer Inc. (“Pfizer”) agreed to indemnify the Company against certain liabilities being retained by Pfizer and its subsidiaries including, but not limited to, pending lawsuits and claims, and any lawsuits or claims brought at any time in the future alleging damages or injury from the use, handling of, or exposure to any product sold by Pfizer’s specialty minerals business prior to the closing of the initial public offering. Available Information The Company maintains an internet website located at http://www.mineralstech.com. Its reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as well as its Proxy Statement and filings under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through the Investor Relations page of its website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Investors may access these reports through the Company’s website by navigating to “Investors,” then to “Financials,” and then to “SEC Filings.” Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business faces significant risks. Set forth below are all risks that we believe are material at this time. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Industry and Market Risks Worldwide general economic, business, and industry conditions may have an adverse effect on the Company’s results. The Company’s business and operating results are affected by worldwide and regional economic, business, and industry conditions. In recent years, we have experienced, among other things, declining consumer and business confidence, volatile raw material prices, instability in credit markets, high unemployment, fluctuating interest and exchange rates, and other challenges in the countries in which we operate. Uncertainty or a deterioration in the economic conditions affecting the businesses to which, or geographic areas in which, we sell products could reduce demand for our products and inflationary pressures may increase our costs. The Company’s customers and potential customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages, and difficulty obtaining financing. As discussed below, the industries we serve have in the past been adversely affected by the uncertain global economic climate due to the cyclical nature of their businesses. As a result, existing or potential customers may reduce or delay their growth and investments and their plans to purchase products, pursue inventory reduction measures, and may not be able to fulfill their obligations in a timely fashion. Further, suppliers could experience similar conditions, which could affect their ability to fulfill their obligations to the Company. We may also experience pricing pressure on products and services, or be unsuccessful in passing along to our customers an increase in our raw materials costs or energy prices, which could decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows. Adversity within capital markets may also impact the Company’s results of operations by negatively affecting the amount of expense the Company records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Actuarial valuations used to calculate income or expense for the plans reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions – the most significant of which are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Such actuarial valuations may change based on changes in key economic indicators. Global economic markets remain uncertain, and there can be no assurance that market conditions will improve in the near future. Future weakness in the global economy could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 11 A number of our customers’ businesses are cyclical or have changing regional demands. Our operations are subject to these trends, and we may not be able to mitigate these risks. In the paper industry, which is served by the Specialty Additives product line of our Consumer & Specialties segment, production levels for uncoated freesheet within North America and Europe, our two largest markets, are projected to continue to decrease. The reduced demand for premium writing paper products has resulted in closures and conversions of mills in both North America and Europe. Additionally, the Specialty Additives product line is affected by the domestic residential building and construction markets, as well as the automotive market. A significant portion of the sales of the High-Temperature Technologies product line of our Engineered Solutions segment are derived from the metalcasting market. The metalcasting market is dependent upon the demand for castings for automobile and heavy truck components, farm and construction equipment, oil and gas production equipment, power generation equipment, and rail car components. Many of these types of equipment are sensitive to fluctuations in demand during periods of recession or difficult economic conditions. This product line also serves the steel industry. In recent years, global steel production has been volatile. These trends have affected and may continue to affect the demand for our Engineered Solutions segment’s products and services. The Environmental & Infrastructure product line of our Engineered Solutions segment serves the commercial construction, environmental remediation, infrastructure, and oil and gas markets. Demand for our products is subject to trends in these markets. During periods of economic slowdown, our customers often reduce their capital expenditure and defer or cancel pending projects. Such developments occur even amongst customers that are not experiencing financial difficulties. In addition, these trends could cause our customers to face liquidity issues or bankruptcy, which could deteriorate the aging of our accounts receivable, increase our bad debt exposure and possibly trigger impairment of assets or realignment of our businesses. The Company has taken steps to reduce its exposure to variations in its customers’ businesses, including by diversifying its portfolio of products and services through geographic expansion, growth in less cyclical consumer-oriented markets, and by structuring most of its long-term satellite contracts to provide a degree of protection against declines in the quantity of product purchased, since the price per ton of our products generally rises as the number of tons purchased declines. In addition, many of our product lines lower our customers’ costs of production or increase their productivity, which should encourage them to use our products. However, there can be no assurance that these efforts will mitigate the risks of our dependence on these industries. Continued weakness in the industries we serve has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on sales of our products and our results of operations. A continued or renewed economic downturn in one or more of the industries or geographic regions that the Company serves, or in the worldwide economy, could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from historical and expected results. The Company operates in very competitive industries, which could adversely affect our profitability. The Company has many competitors. Some of our principal competitors have greater financial and other resources than we have. Accordingly, these competitors may be better able to withstand economic downturns and changes in conditions within the industries in which we operate and may have significantly greater operating and financial flexibility than we do. We also face competition for some of our products from alternative products, and some of the competition we face comes from competitors in lower-cost production countries like China and India. As a result of the competitive environment in the markets in which we operate, we currently face and will continue to face pressure on the sales prices of our products from competitors, which could reduce profit margins. The Company’s sales could be adversely affected by consolidation in customer industries. Several consolidations in the paper industry have taken place in recent years and such consolidation could continue in the future. These consolidations could result in partial or total closure of some paper mills where the Company operates satellite plants. Such closures would reduce the Company’s sales, except to the extent that they resulted in shifting paper production and associated purchases of calcium carbonate to another location served by the Company. Similarly, consolidations have occurred in the foundry and steel industries. Such consolidations in the major industries we serve concentrate purchasing power in the hands of a smaller number of manufacturers, enabling them to increase pressure on suppliers, such as the Company. This increased pressure could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations in the future. 12 The Company’s sales could be adversely affected by our failure to renew or extend long-term sales contracts for our satellite operations. The Company’s sales of calcium carbonate to paper customers are typically pursuant to long-term evergreen agreements, initially ten to fifteen years in length, with paper mills where the Company operates satellite plants. Sales pursuant to these contracts represent a significant portion of our sales in the Specialty Additives product line of the Consumer & Specialties segment. The terms of many of these agreements have been extended or renewed in the past, often in connection with an expansion of the satellite plant. However, failure of a number of the Company’s customers to renew or extend existing agreements on terms as favorable to the Company as those currently in effect, or at all, could have a substantial adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, and could also result in impairment of the assets associated with the satellite plant. Financial Risks Servicing the Company’s debt will require a significant amount of cash. This could reduce the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. At December 31, 2025, the Company had $961.7 million aggregate principal amount of total indebtedness (consisting primarily of $569.3 million aggregate principal amount of loans under our term facility, $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of notes and no loans outstanding under our revolving credit facility) and an additional $390.8 million of borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility (after giving effect to $9.2 million of outstanding letters of credit). Our outstanding indebtedness will require a significant amount of cash to make interest payments. Further, the interest rate on a significant portion of our borrowings under our senior secured credit facility is based on SOFR interest rates, which has resulted in and could continue to result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates. Our ability to pay interest on our debt and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend in part upon our future financial and operating performance and upon our ability to renew or refinance borrowings. Prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will affect our ability to make these payments. We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service obligations, we will have to pursue one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital or other expenditures, refinancing debt, selling assets, or raising equity capital. Further, the requirement to make significant interest payments may reduce the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or fund capital expenditure or working capital needs and may increase the Company’s vulnerability to adverse economic conditions. The agreements and instruments governing our debt contain various covenants that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business. The agreement governing our senior secured credit facility and the indenture that governs our 5.0% Senior Notes due 2028 contain a number of significant covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock, prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt, issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities, make loans and investments, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, incur liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, we are required to comply with specific financial ratios, including a maximum net leverage ratio, under which we are required to achieve specific financial results. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. A breach of any of these covenants would result in a default under the applicable agreements. In the event of any default under our senior secured credit facility, our lenders could elect to declare all amounts borrowed under the credit agreement, together with accrued interest thereon, to be due and payable. In such an event, we cannot assure you that we would have sufficient assets to pay debt then outstanding under the credit agreement, the indenture governing our notes, and any other agreements governing our debt. Any future refinancing of the senior secured credit facility is likely to contain similar restrictive covenants. We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. We cannot assure you that we will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements if for any reason we are unable to comply with these agreements or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 13 Technology, Development and Growth Risks The Company’s results could be adversely affected if it is unable to effectively achieve and implement its growth initiatives. Sales and income growth of the Company depends upon a number of uncertain events. Growth will depend in part on sales growth from our existing businesses and customers. The Company has a strategic growth initiative to increase penetration into geographic markets such as Brazil, China, and India as well as other Asian and Eastern European countries. The Company also has a strategic growth initiative to increase penetration into consumer-oriented markets such as cat litter, personal care, animal and health care and natural oil purification. Our strategy also anticipates growth through future acquisitions. However, our ability to identify and consummate any future acquisitions on terms that are favorable to us may be limited by the number of attractive acquisition targets, internal demands on our resources, and our ability to obtain financing. Our success in integrating newly acquired businesses will depend upon our ability to retain key personnel, avoid diversion of management’s attention from operational matters, and integrate general and administrative services. In addition, future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of additional debt, costs, and contingent liabilities. Integration of acquired operations may take longer, or be more costly or disruptive to our business, than originally anticipated, and it is also possible that expected synergies from future acquisitions may not materialize. We also may incur costs and divert management attention with regard to potential acquisitions that are never consummated. Difficulties, delays, or failure of any of these strategies could affect the future growth rate of the Company. Delays or failures in new product development could adversely affect the Company’s operations. The Company’s future business success will depend in part upon its ability to maintain and enhance its technological capabilities, to respond to changing customer needs, and to successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes on a cost-effective and timely basis. The Company is engaged in a continuous effort to develop new products and processes in all of its product lines. Difficulties, delays, or failures in the development, testing, production, marketing, or sale of such new products could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from our expected results The Company’s ability to compete is dependent upon its ability to defend its intellectual property against inappropriate disclosure, theft, and infringement. The Company’s ability to compete is based in part upon proprietary knowledge, both patented and unpatented. The Company’s ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on its ability to defend its intellectual property against inappropriate disclosure and theft as well as against infringement. In addition, development by the Company’s competitors of new products or technologies that are more effective or less expensive than those the Company offers could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. The Company’s operations could be impacted by the increased risks of doing business abroad. The Company does business in many areas internationally. Approximately 48% of our sales in 2025 were derived from outside the United States and we have significant production facilities which are located outside of the United States. We have in recent years expanded our operations in emerging markets, and we plan to continue to do so in the future, particularly in Brazil, China, India, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe. Some of our operations are located in areas that have experienced political or economic instability, including Brazil, China, Egypt, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Thailand, and Turkey. As the Company expands its operations overseas, it faces increased risks of doing business abroad, including inflation, fluctuation in interest rates, changes in applicable laws and regulatory requirements, nationalization, expropriation, limits on repatriation of funds, civil unrest, unstable governments and legal systems, and other factors. The U.S. and foreign countries may also adopt or increase restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls, tariffs or other taxes, or limitations on imports or exports. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, the United States government has imposed additional tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. from numerous countries and multiple nations have responded with reciprocal tariffs and other actions. The scope and duration of such tariffs has continued to change and remains uncertain. While the Company generally manufactures products in the markets where they are sold, our businesses and suppliers import certain goods subject to U.S. imposed tariffs, in particular in our High-Temperature Technologies product line, as well as goods subject to reciprocal tariffs and other measures imposed by other countries. However, the imposition of tariffs as well as uncertainty about their scope and duration could negatively affect demand, result in an increase in some input costs and/or inflation that we are unable to mitigate, or otherwise adversely affect economic conditions. The United States Supreme Court on February 20, 2026 issued a ruling striking down certain tariffs imposed by the United States, including those affecting certain goods that the Company imports. We are currently evaluating the impact of such decision. The Company continues to monitor the economic effects of the trade environment, but the effects associated with the tariffs remain uncertain. 14 Further, geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict among countries, could in the future affect our business overseas, including leading to, among other things, impairment of our or our customers’ ability to conduct operations, adverse impact to our employees, and a loss of our investment. While recent geopolitical conflicts, such as between Russia and Ukraine and between Israel and Hamas, have not significantly affected our business, the broader consequences of geopolitical and terrorism threats, which may include sanctions that prohibit our ability to do business in specific countries, embargoes, supply chain disruptions, potential contractual breaches and litigation, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts, cannot be predicted. We are also subject to increased risks of natural disasters, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as COVID-19, and other catastrophic events in such countries. Many of these risks are beyond our control and can lead to sudden, and potentially prolonged, changes in demand for our products, difficulty in enforcing agreements, and losses in the realizability of our assets. In addition, a significant portion of our raw material purchases and sales outside the United States are denominated in foreign currencies, and liabilities for non-U.S. operating expenses and income taxes are denominated in local currencies. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows, and fair values have been and, in the future, will be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social, and political conditions. We cannot assure you that we will implement policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do business. Adverse developments in any of the areas in which we do business could cause actual results to differ materially from historical and expected results. The Company’s operations are dependent on the availability of raw materials and access to ore reserves at its mining operations. Increases in costs of raw materials, energy, or shipping could adversely affect our financial results. The Company depends in part on having an adequate supply of raw materials for its manufacturing operations, particularly lime and carbon dioxide for the production of PCC, and magnesia and alumina for its refractory operations. Purchase prices and availability of these critical raw materials are subject to volatility. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials on a timely basis, on price and other terms, or at all. While most such raw materials are readily available, the Company has purchased approximately 57% of its magnesia requirements from sources in China over the past five years. The price and availability of magnesia have fluctuated in the past and they may fluctuate in the future. Price increases for certain other of our raw materials, including petrochemical products, as well as increases in energy prices, have also affected our business. Our production processes consume a significant amount of energy, primarily electricity, diesel fuel, natural gas, and coal. We use diesel fuel to operate our mining and processing equipment, and our freight costs are heavily dependent upon fuel prices and surcharges. Energy costs also affect the cost of raw materials. On a combined basis, these factors represent a large exposure to petrochemical and energy products which may be subject to significant price fluctuations. The contracts pursuant to which we construct and operate our PCC satellite plants generally adjust pricing to reflect the pass-through of increases in costs resulting from inflation, including energy. However, there is a time lag before such price adjustments can be implemented. The Company and its customers will typically negotiate reasonable price adjustments in order to recover these escalating costs, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover increasing costs through such negotiations. The Company also depends on having adequate access to ore reserves of appropriate quality at its mining operations. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating ore reserves including subjective judgments and determinations that are based on available geological, technical, contract, and economic information. In addition, mining permits, leases, and other rights are, or may be, required for certain of the Company’s mining operations. Such permits, leases, and other rights are subject to modification, renewal, and revocation. Our ability to maintain such mining permits, leases, and other rights has been, and may continue to be, affected by changes in laws, regulations, and governmental actions, particularly in emerging markets such as China and Turkey. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain such mining permits, leases, and other rights to the extent we currently maintain them or at all. The Company relies on shipping cargos of bentonite from the United States, Turkey, and China to customers, as well as our own subsidiaries, and we are sensitive to our ability to recover these shipping costs. If we cannot secure our container requirements or offset additional shipping costs with price increases to customers, our profitability could be impacted. We are also subject to other shipping risks. In particular, rail service interruptions have affected our ability to ship, and the availability of rail service, and our ability to recover increased rail costs, may be beyond our control. In addition, governmental restrictions can, and during the COVID-19 pandemic did, affect our ability to ship our products. 15 Operational Risks The Company’s subsidiaries, BMI Oldco Inc. (f/k/a Barretts Minerals Inc.) (“Oldco”) and Barretts Ventures Texas LLC (together with Oldco, the “Chapter 11 Debtors”), have filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code to address and comprehensively resolve Oldco’s liabilities associated with talc. Risks and uncertainties related to this filing could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The Company and certain of the Company’s subsidiaries are among numerous defendants in over nine hundred cases seeking damages for alleged exposure to asbestos-contaminated talc products sold by the Company’s subsidiary Oldco. On October 2, 2023 (the “Petition Date”), notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of Oldco’s talc products, the Chapter 11 Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) to address and comprehensively resolve Oldco’s liabilities associated with talc. Minerals Technologies Inc. and the Company’s other subsidiaries were not included in the Chapter 11 filing. The Chapter 11 Debtors’ ultimate goal in the Chapter 11 Cases is to confirm a plan of reorganization under Section 524(g) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and utilize this provision of the Bankruptcy Code to establish a trust that will address all current and future talc-related claims. Discussions regarding the terms of a potential consensual plan of reorganization and the ultimate amount to be contributed to any trust are ongoing. In the second quarter of 2024, Oldco sold its talc assets under section 363 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In addition, in the second quarter of 2024, the Company entered into a Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement with Oldco (the “DIP Credit Agreement”) and recorded a provision for credit loss of $30 million for the maximum aggregate principal amount under such DIP Credit Agreement. In the second quarter of 2025, the Company amended the DIP Credit Agreement to increase the maximum principal amount available under the DIP Credit Agreement by $30 million. Proceeds of the sale of Oldco's talc assets and funds drawn by Oldco under the DIP Credit Agreement have been and will be used to fund the Chapter 11 Cases. In the first quarter of 2025, the Company recorded a provision to establish an accrual of $215 million for estimated costs to fund a trust to resolve all current and future talc-related claims as well as fund the Chapter 11 Cases and related litigation costs (including the aforementioned $30 million increase to the maximum principal amount of the DIP Credit Agreement). The parties have not yet reached a final resolution of all matters in the Chapter 11 Cases, and the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amount accrued. During the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Company anticipates that the Chapter 11 Debtors will benefit from the operation of the automatic stay, which stays ongoing litigation in connection with talc-related claims against the Chapter 11 Debtors. In addition, the Bankruptcy Court temporarily enjoined the filing or continued prosecution of all talc-related claims against the Chapter 11 Debtors’ non-debtor affiliates, subject to certain exceptions. Such exceptions consist of claims premised solely on alleged inadequacies in testing of talc sold by Oldco. The Company is vigorously opposing and defending against these claims. The Chapter 11 Debtors have been deconsolidated from the Company’s financial statements since the Petition Date. Although the Chapter 11 Cases are progressing, it is not possible at this time to predict how the District Court will rule on the pending motions, whether an appellate court will affirm or reverse the Bankruptcy Court order denying the Committee’s motion to dismiss, the form of any ultimate resolution, or when an ultimate resolution might occur. Accordingly, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss related to the amount that will be necessary to fully and finally resolve all of Oldco’s current and future talc-related claims in connection with a confirmed Chapter 11 plan of reorganization beyond the amount accrued. Several risks and uncertainties related to the Chapter 11 Cases could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, including the ultimate amount necessary to be contributed to any trust established pursuant to Section 524(g) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the potential for the Company’s talc-related exposure to extend beyond the Chapter 11 Debtors arising from claims by talc plaintiffs relating to the Company’s liability for talc claims, corporate veil piercing efforts or otherwise, any final resolution of the scope of the Pfizer indemnity, the ongoing costs of the Chapter 11 Cases, which may require additional funding from time to time, the cost and length of time necessary to ultimately resolve the cases, either through settlement or as a result of litigation arising in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, and the possibility that the Chapter 11 Debtors will be unsuccessful in attaining relief under Chapter 11. Further, while the Company anticipates that the Chapter 11 Debtors will benefit from the operation of the automatic stay during the Chapter 11 proceedings, depending on the ultimate outcome of any of these litigation matters, the Company could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments, potentially in excess of liabilities accrued to date in respect of such matters. The resolution of, or recognition of additional liabilities in connection with, pending or future litigation could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. For a further discussion of the Chapter 11 Cases and Oldco's talc-related liabilities, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in this report. 16 The Company is subject to stringent regulation in the areas of environmental, health and safety, and tax, and may incur unanticipated costs or liabilities arising out of claims for various legal, environmental, and tax matters or product stewardship issues that could materially harm the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. The Company’s operations are subject to international, federal, state, and local governmental environmental, health and safety, tax, and other laws and regulations. We have expended, and may be required to expend in the future, substantial funds for compliance with such laws and regulations. In addition, future events, such as changes to or modifications of interpretations of existing laws and regulations, or enforcement polices, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential environmental impacts of operations or health hazards of certain products, may affect our mining rights or give rise to additional compliance and other costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Further, certain of our customers are subject to various federal and international laws and regulations relating to environmental and health and safety matters, especially customers of our Environmental & Infrastructure product line of our Engineered Solutions segment, who are subject to drilling permits, waste-water disposal, and other regulations. To the extent that these laws and regulations affecting our customers change, demand for our products and services could also change and thereby affect our financial results. Greenhouse gas emissions have become the subject of an increasing amount of concern from state, national, and international govern

[truncated]