Across The Markets: Zephyr Energy, Ultimate Products, Babcock International 2025-06-25 08:40:58 (1 year ago) Related Companies: Babcock International Group (BAB) , Ultimate Products (ULTP) , Zephyr Energy (ZPHR) Babcock International Full year results from the defence support company Babcock were published this morning with the share price soaring off the back of news that for the first time in its history, a share buyback was being launched. The £200m capital distribution comes ontop of a 15% increase in dividends, all fuelled by a 50% jump in operating profits as the company heralds a new era for defence. The order book is stable and medium term guidance has also been upped with an underlying operating margin of 9% being a key target. The Babcock share price was 10% higher in early trade. Ultimate Products A trading update from the homeware brands company Ultimate Products released today failed to buoy investor confidence in the stock. Over the February-May period, sales increased moderately but the growth was biased towards lower margin products. The company also saw a series of orders deferred into FY26, contributing to the fact that FY25 EBITDA is now expected to be around £12.5m versus forecasts of £14.3m. Revenue guidance for FY26 is also being lowered, which has been enough to rattle the Ultimate Products share price, trading down by 33% shortly after the open. Zephyr Energy Shares in the small cap oil and gas company Zephyr Energy slipped in early trade today after the company announced it had completed a funding round . Whilst the offer was oversubscribed, the sell off reflects the discounted valuation with new stock being sold off at 3p per share. Net proceeds from the fundraise are highlighted as being able to generate immediate accretive production while also providing a path to first cash flow at the company’s Paradox project, with considerable newsflow expected to be seen. The note also makes acknowledgement of the idea that a bitcoin treasury function could be on the cards, something that is becoming de rigueur across many businesses this summer. The Zephyr Energy share price was 21% lower by 8.30am BST. Most read news on Investegate this morning Recommended Acquisition of Warehouse REIT PLC - - Tritax Big Box Reit (BBOX) Preliminary results for the year ended 31.03.2025 - - Babcock International Group (BAB) Year End Trading Update and Notice of Results - - Filtronic (FTC) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (3 weeks ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (3 weeks ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (3 weeks ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (4 weeks ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Accsys Technologies 1 day ago CMC Markets 1 day ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 day ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and