BETA Close X Ultimate Products plc reported Q3 2026 unaudited revenues of £34.8m, matching the prior year, with proprietary brand sales increasing by 9% to £31.5m, indicating a strategic shift towards higher-margin products. Despite subdued consumer demand and a challenging macroeconomic environment, the company anticipates flat trading trends to continue for the remainder of the year, with overall sales expected to be marginally ahead of market expectations and profitability in line with consensus. The company is investing in operational capabilities and anticipates future growth opportunities with the upcoming arrival of a new CEO. Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 28 May 2026 28 May 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", the "Company" or the "Group") Q3 2026 TRADING UPDATE Continued focus on operational productivity to support future growth Ultimate Products, the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), announces its trading update for the three months ended 30 April 2026 ("Q3 2026"). Unaudited Group revenues during Q3 were £34.8m, in line with the prior year (£34.8m), reflecting continued subdued consumer demand for general merchandise and the planned reduction in non-core third-party clearance sales. Sales of UP proprietary brands rose 9% in the period to £31.5m, with overall branded sales up 3%, reflecting the Group's continued strategic focus on growing proprietary brand sales. Current trading and outlook Notwithstanding the subdued macroeconomic backdrop and the unpredictable geopolitical environment, the Board currently expects the flat trading trends seen in Q3 to continue throughout the balance of the year. This means that, while the general merchandise market remains soft, particularly in the UK, Group sales are expected to be marginally ahead of market expectations, with profitability remaining in line with consensus, reflecting the change in sales mix. The Board is confident that the ongoing investment in the Group's operational capabilities, together with the forthcoming arrival of Simon Harrison as CEO, will enable it to maximise future growth opportunities. Commenting on the performance, Andrew Gossage, Chief Executive of Ultimate Products, said: "Against what remains a challenging backdrop, we are pleased that overall revenues were stable in the quarter, which was slightly ahead of our expectations. Our focus continues to be on our self-help strategy to optimise the business for future growth. I am confident that our refreshed and invigorated commercial function is well placed to grow market share, and that our continued focus on operational productivity in all areas of the business will underpin our future success." Consensus market expectations immediately prior to this announcement FY25 (Actual) FY26 (Consensus) FY27 (Consensus) Revenue £150.1m £141.0m £144.9m Adjusted EBITDA £12.5m £9.9m £11.4m Adjusted EPS 7.4p 5.2p 7.1p *Adjusted measures are before share-based payment expenses and non-recurring items For more information, please contact: Ultimate Products +44 (0) 161 627 1400 Andrew Gossage, CEO Chris Dent, CFO Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nomad and Joint Broker) + 44 (0)20 7220 0500 Matt Goode/ Callum Davidson/ Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Matt Lewis (Corporate Broking) Shore Capital (Joint Broker) +44 (0) 20 7408 4090 Malachy McEntyre/ Isobel Jones (Corporate Broking) Mark Percy / David Coaten / Harry Davies-Ball (Corporate Advisory) Sodali & Co +44 (0) 207 250 1446 Rob Greening/ Sam Austrums/ Oliver Banks Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter and Beldray. According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. The Group sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on salter.com and beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in four product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; and Audio. Other UP brands include Progress (bakeware, cookware and kitchen electrical), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances), George Wilkinson (cookware and kitchen electrical) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The Group currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). For further information, please visit https://upplc.com/ . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and