Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 21 September 2026 21 September 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", the "Company" or the "Group") Notice of Results and Investor Presentation Ultimate Products, the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), announces that it will be issuing its audited results for the year ended 31 July 2026 on 27 October 2026. Following the release of its results, management will be conducting a live investor presentation at 2pm that afternoon. The online presentation will be hosted by Simon Harrison (CEO Designate, who becomes Chief Executive Officer on 26 October 2026) and Chris Dent (Chief Financial Officer) and is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted during the presentation and will be addressed at the end. The Company is committed to ensuring that there are appropriate communication channels for all elements of its shareholder base so that its strategy, business model and financial performance are clearly understood. To register, please go to this link: presentation sign up A recording of the presentation will be available shortly after the event on our investor hub, and on the Equity Development website: Ultimate Products research content For further information, please contact: Ultimate Products Chris Dent, CFO Via our investor hub Equity Development Hannah Crowe/Rachel Hayes +44 (0)20 7065 2690 Sodali & Co Rob Greening / Sam Austrums / Oliver Banks ultimateproducts@sodali.com Shore Capital (Nomad and Broker) Malachy McEntyre / Isobel Jones (Corporate Broking) Mark Percy / David Coaten / Harry Davies-Ball (Corporate Advisory) +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Subscribe to our news alert service: https://ultp-l.investorhub.com/s/5b213f Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter and Beldray. According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. The Group sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on salter.com and beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in four product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; and Audio. Other UP brands include Progress (bakeware, cookware and kitchen electrical), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances), George Wilkinson (cookware and kitchen electrical) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The Group currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). Engage with the Ultimate Products management team directly by asking questions and seeing what other shareholders have to say. Navigate to our interactive investor hub here: https://ultp-l.investorhub.com/s/3ffb1d This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 hours ago Kier Group 4 hours ago AVI Japan Opportunity Trust 4 hours ago Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (CDI) 5 hours ago CloudCoco Group 5 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and