BETA Close X Ultimate Products plc has confirmed the arrival of Simon Harrison as Chief Executive Officer designate on September 5, 2026, with his formal appointment as CEO scheduled for October 26, 2026, succeeding Andrew Gossage who will transition to a Non-Executive Director role. Harrison, formerly CEO of Princes Group, brings over 25 years of FMCG leadership experience. His initial engagement included attending IFA Berlin 2026, a major consumer electronics and home appliances trade fair, where the company showcased its homeware brands like Salter and Beldray. Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 07 September 2026 7 September 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", the "Company" or the "Group") Confirmation of CEO Designate Arrival Ultimate Products, the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), is pleased to confirm that Simon Harrison joined the Group as Chief Executive Officer designate on Saturday, 5 September 2026. As previously announced, Simon will assume the role of Chief Executive Officer on Monday, 26 October 2026, succeeding Andrew Gossage, who will take a short sabbatical before continuing with the Group as a Non-Executive Director from 1 May 2027. Upon joining the Group, Simon's first engagement was IFA Berlin 2026, the international consumer electronics and home appliances trade fair, where members of the Ultimate Products team are exhibiting the Group's range of branded houseware products to customers, consumers and suppliers. Simon joined Ultimate Products from Princes Group, where he was Chief Executive Officer, and brings more than 25 years' FMCG commercial and leadership experience across brand and trade marketing, sales and operations. Christine Adshead, Chair of Ultimate Products, commented: "On behalf of everyone at Ultimate Products, I am delighted to welcome Simon Harrison to the business. IFA Berlin is a fitting venue for his first engagement, giving him an early opportunity to see our brands and products in action and to meet stakeholders from across the industry. We look forward to working with Simon as he familiarises himself with the Group ahead of formally taking up the CEO role in October, following an orderly handover." For further information, please contact: Investor questions on this announcement https://investors.upplc.com/link/PGRagr We encourage all investors to share questions on this announcement via our investor hub Ultimate Products Andrew Gossage, CEO Chris Dent, CFO Via our investor hub Sodali & Co Rob Greening / Sam Austrums / Oliver Banks ultimateproducts@sodali.com Shore Capital (Nomad and Broker) Malachy McEntyre / Isobel Jones (Corporate Broking) Mark Percy / David Coaten / Harry Davies-Ball (Corporate Advisory) +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Subscribe to our news alert service: https://ultp-l.investorhub.com/s/5b213f Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter and Beldray. According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. The Group sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on salter.com and beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in four product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; and Audio. Other UP brands include Progress (bakeware, cookware and kitchen electrical), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances), George Wilkinson (cookware and kitchen electrical) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The Group currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). Engage with the Ultimate Products management team directly by asking questions and seeing what other shareholders have to say. Navigate to our interactive investor hub here: https://ultp-l.investorhub.com/s/3ffb1d This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 48 minutes ago Gamma Communications 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and