BETA Close X Ultimate Products plc has announced an update to its Employee Benefit Trust (EBT) share purchase programme, extending it to 31 July 2026 and increasing the aggregate value by an additional £325,000. This programme aims to mitigate the dilutive impact of share option awards and enhance shareholder returns. The company's current issued share capital stands at 86,330,132 ordinary shares, with the EBT currently holding 2,934,014 shares, representing approximately 3.4% of the total. There are currently 3,814,296 ordinary shares under option. The EBT trustee will conduct on-market purchases, including discretionary purchases independent of the company, to comply with market abuse regulations. Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 02 February 2026 2 February 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", the "Company" or the "Group") EBT share purchase programme update Ultimate Products, the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), announces that, in its capacity as trustee ("the Trustee") of the Ultimate Products Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT"), JTC Employer Solutions Trustee Limited has extended the previously announced EBT Programme to buy ordinary shares of 0.25p each in the Company ("Ordinary Shares") for the period to 31 July 2026, and increased the aggregate value by a further £325,000 (the "Programme"). The Trustee of the EBT will purchase Ordinary Shares in accordance with the Programme, which seeks to mitigate the dilutive impact of share option awards and to improve overall shareholder return. The current issued share capital of the Company consists of 86,330,132 Ordinary Shares. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in the Company, under the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the FCA. The EBT currently holds 2,934,014 Ordinary Shares representing approximately 3.4% of the Company's current issued share capital. The Company currently has a total of 3,814,296 Ordinary Shares under option. The Trustee of the EBT has entered into arrangements to carry out on-market purchases of Ordinary Shares under the Programme, including on a discretionary basis independent of the Company in accordance with certain pre-set parameters, during any prohibited periods of the Company, as determined by the UK Market Abuse Regulation, which may fall during the period of the Programme. For more information, please contact: Ultimate Products +44 (0) 161 627 1400 Andrew Gossage, CEO Chris Dent, CFO Cavendish Capital Markets Limited (Nomad & Joint Broker) + 44 (0)20 7220 0500 Matt Goode / Callum Davidson / Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance) Matt Lewis (Corporate Broking) Shore Capital (Joint Broker) +44 (0) 20 7408 4090 Malachy McEntyre / Isobel Jones (Corporate Broking) Mark Percy / David Coaten / Harry Davies-Ball (Corporate Advisory) Sodali & Co +44 (0) 207 250 1446 Rob Greening / Sam Austrums / Oliver Banks Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, established in 1760) and Beldray (a laundry, floor care, heating and cooling brand that was established in 1872). According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. Ultimate Products sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on Salter.com and Beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in five product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; Audio; and Heating and Cooling. Other brands include Progress (cookware and bakeware), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a spectacular 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The company currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). For further information, please visit www.upplc.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and