BETA Close X Ultimate Products plc has won Salsify's Digital Shelf Transformer Award, recognizing its significant productivity transformation through the use of Salsify's PIM software. This award highlights the company's successful automation of hundreds of lower-value tasks, saving approximately 9,000 working hours annually and enabling teams to focus on higher-value activities. This initiative is part of a broader £2 million investment by the Group in its new Oracle NetSuite ERP system, with the PIM software simplifying the implementation process. Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 11 May 2026 11 May 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", "UP" or "the Group") Ultimate Products wins Salsify's Digital Shelf Transformer Award Recognition of UP's productivity transformation Ultimate Products, the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), is pleased to announce that it has been named as a winner of Salsify's Digital Shelf Transformer Award at the 2026 Digital Shelf Summit (DSS), held in Atlanta, USA. Salsify is the global leader in product information management (PIM), working with thousands of brands and retailers worldwide to manage product data such as technical specifications and digital marketing assets. Ultimate Products uses Salsify's PIM software to centralise, manage and enrich the extensive and complex data behind its range of over 2,500 products, ensuring accuracy and consistency across multiple channels and platforms. The Digital Shelf Transformer Award recognises companies delivering genuine transformation, strong execution and measurable business impact through the Salsify platform. Ultimate Products was one of only four winners globally this year. Ultimate Products' use of Salsify's PIM software sits alongside its wider investment in Robotic Process Automation and AI to drive productivity. This programme of continuous improvement has led to the automation of hundreds of lower-value tasks across the business, saving approximately 9,000 working hours annually, enabling teams to spend materially more time on higher-value work. Critically, the implementation of PIM software is the initial stage of an ongoing £2m investment by the Group as it transforms the way it works through the introduction of its new Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP") system, Oracle NetSuite. By moving substantial quantities of data, processing and digital assets out of the ERP and into the PIM, the use of Salsify substantially simplifies the remaining implementation. Commenting on the award, Chris Dent, Ultimate Products' CFO and ERP Board Sponsor, said: " We are delighted to be recognised by Salsify, particularly alongside a select group of global companies many times our size. This is a credit to the team, led by our Process Development Director Tony Pole, who have built and embedded these systems day in, day out. This work is rarely visible externally, and it is brilliant to see it recognised. "It is genuinely exciting to see how the team are using Salsify to enhance productivity across our commercial functions, and the strong platform this gives us to build from. As we continue to invest in the new ERP system, automation and AI, the capabilities recognised in this award will play an even bigger role in supporting the Group's long-term growth." For more information, please contact: Ultimate Products +44 (0) 161 627 1400 Andrew Gossage, CEO Chris Dent, CFO Sodali & Co +44 (0) 207 250 1446 Rob Greening / Sam Austrums / Oliver Banks Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, established in 1760) and Beldray (a laundry, floor care, heating and cooling brand that was established in 1872). According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. Ultimate Products sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on Salter.com and Beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in five product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; Audio; and Heating and Cooling. Other UP brands include Progress (cookware and bakeware), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a spectacular 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The Group currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). For further information, please visit www.upplc.com . This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and