BETA Close X Ultimate Products plc has announced an online investor presentation scheduled for Friday, March 27, 2026, at 11 am, following the release of its interim results for the six months ending January 31, 2026. The presentation, hosted by the CEO and CFO, is open to all shareholders and potential investors, offering an opportunity to discuss the company's strategy, business model, and financial performance. This event aims to ensure clear communication channels for understanding the Group's performance and its portfolio of homeware brands, including Salter and Beldray. Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 16 March 2026 16 March 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", the "Company" or the "Group") Notice of Investor Presentation with Equity Development Ultimate Products, the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), is pleased to announce it will be conducting a live investor presentation following the release of its Interim Results for the six months ended 31st January 2026. This online event will take place at 11am on Friday, 27 March 2026. The presentation will be hosted by Andrew Gossage (Chief Executive Officer) and Chris Dent (Chief Financial Officer ), and is open to all existing and potential shareholders. Questions can be submitted during the presentation and will be addressed at the end. The Company is committed to ensuring that there are appropriate communication channels for all elements of its shareholder base so that its strategy, business model and financial performance are clearly understood. To register, please go to this link: Ultimate Products: Interim Results investor presentation - 27th March 2026 A recording of the presentation will be available shortly after the event on the Equity Development website: Ultimate Products research content For more information, please contact: Equity Development Hannah Crowe Matt Evans 020 7065 2690 Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of a number of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, established in 1760) and Beldray (a laundry, floor care, heating and cooling brand that was established in 1872). According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. Ultimate Products sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on Salter.com and Beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in five product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; Audio; and Heating and Cooling. Other UP brands include Progress (cookware and bakeware), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a spectacular 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The Group currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). For further information, please visit www.upplc.com . This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and