BETA Close X Ultimate Products plc announced that the Ultimate Products Employee Benefit Trust sold 41,522 ordinary shares at 53.5 pence per share, leaving the EBT with 3,559,989 shares, representing approximately 4.1% of the issued share capital. Additionally, Chief Financial Officer Chris Dent sold 4,875 ordinary shares at 53.5 pence and immediately repurchased the same number at 52.8 pence for his pension, resulting in no change to his beneficial interest of 139,957 shares, or 0.16% of the issued share capital. Disclaimer* Ultimate Products PLC 27 August 2026 27 August 2026 Ultimate Products plc ("Ultimate Products", the "Company" or the "Group") EBT Share Sale and Director/PDMR Shareholding Ultimate Products, the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter (the UK's oldest houseware brand, est.1760) and Beldray (est.1872), was notified that on 26 August 2026, Ultimate Products EBT Ltd, in its capacity as trustee ("the Trustee") of the Ultimate Products Employee Benefit Trust (the "EBT"), sold 41,522 ordinary shares of 0.25 pence each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 53.5 pence per Ordinary Share. The EBT holds Ordinary Shares for the benefit of the Company's employees and satisfies the vesting of awards made under the Company's share incentive schemes. Following the above transaction, the EBT holds 3,559,989 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 4.1% of the Company's issued share capital. Director/PDMR Shareholding The Company also announces that on 26 August 2026, Christ Dent, Chief Financial Officer, sold 4,875 Ordinary Shares from his personal dealing account at a price of 53.5 pence per Ordinary Share and immediately repurchased the same number of Ordinary Shares into his Self-Invested Personal Pension at a price of 52.8 pence per Ordinary Share. Following this transaction, Chris Dent's beneficial interest in Ordinary Shares is unchanged at 139,957 Ordinary Shares representing 0.16% of the issued share capital of the Company. The notification below, made in accordance with the requirements of the UK Market Abuse Regulation, provides further details. For further information, please contact: Ultimate Products Andrew Gossage, CEO Chris Dent, CFO Via our investor hub Sodali & Co Rob Greening / Sam Austrums / Oliver Banks ultimateproducts@sodali.com Shore Capital (Nomad and Broker) Malachy McEntyre / Isobel Jones (Corporate Broking) Mark Percy / David Coaten / Harry Davies-Ball (Corporate Advisory) +44 (0)20 7408 4090 Subscribe to our news alert service: https://ultp-l.investorhub.com/s/5b213f Notes to Editors Ultimate Products is the owner of leading homeware brands including Salter and Beldray. According to its market research, nearly 80% of UK households own at least one of the Group's products. The Group sells to over 300 retailers in over 30 countries - spanning discounters, supermarkets and general retailers, and ranging from large national and international multi-channel retailers to smaller retail chains. Its products are also available on salter.com and beldray.com , as well as major third-party online marketplaces. The Group specialises in four product categories: Small Domestic Appliances; Housewares; Laundry; and Audio. Other UP brands include Progress (bakeware, cookware and kitchen electrical), Kleeneze (laundry and floorcare), Petra (small domestic appliances), George Wilkinson (cookware and kitchen electrical) and Intempo (audio). Founded in 1997, Ultimate Products is headquartered in Oldham, Greater Manchester, where it has design, sales, marketing, buying, quality assurance, support functions and warehouse facilities across two sites. Manor Mill, the Group's head office, includes a 20,000 sq ft showroom that showcases each of its brands. In addition, the Group has an office and showroom in Guangzhou, China and Paris, France. Ultimate Products employs over 300 staff and is certified as a Great Place to Work®. A significant number of its employees joined via the Group's Graduate Development Scheme, one of the biggest in the North West. Please note that Ultimate Products is not the owner of Russell Hobbs. The Group currently has licence agreements in place granting it an exclusive licence to use the "Russell Hobbs" trademark for cookware and laundry (NB this does not include Russell Hobbs electrical appliances). Engage with the Ultimate Products plc management team directly by asking questions and seeing what other shareholders have to say. Navigate to our interactive investor hub here: https://ultp-l.investorhub.com/s/3ffb1d 1. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Name Chris Dent 2. Details of PDMR / person closely associated with them ( ' PCA ' ) a) Position / status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification / amendment Initial notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Ultimate Products Plc b) LEI 213800Q5GWTVIW6KJW33 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted c) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of 0.25p each in the capital of Ultimate Products plc ISIN: GB00BYX7MG58 d) Nature of the transaction Sale of 4,875 Ordinary Shares and repurchase of 4,875 Ordinary Shares by a Self-Invested Personal Pension e) Price and volume Type Price(s) Volume(s) Sale 53.5p 4,875 Purchase 52.8p 4,875 f) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price Type Aggregate Price Aggregate Volume Sale 53.5p 4,875 Purchase 52.8p 4,875 g) Date of the transaction 26 August 2026 h) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (AIMX) This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ultimate Products (ULTP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Ondo Insurtech 2 days ago Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 2 days ago Savannah Energy 2 days ago Savills All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and