Placing Corpus Resources PLC 23 June 2025 23 June 2025 Corpus Resources Plc (" Corpus " or the " Company ") Placing Corpus Resources Plc (LSE: COR), announces that on behalf of the Company, its Corporate Broker, Peterhouse Capital Limited, has raised £200,000 before expenses, through a placing of 1,333,333,333 new ordinary shares of 0.01p each ("Ordinary Shares") in the Company ("Placing Shares") at a price of 0.015 pence per new Ordinary Share (the "Issue Price") (the "Placing"). The Placing Shares each have an attaching grant of warrants ("Warrants") on a one-for-one basis, exercisable subject to the publication of a prospectus, at a price of 0.05 pence per ordinary share, with the Warrants expiring on the third anniversary of the admission to trading date of the Placing Shares. An application will be made to the London Stock Exchange for the 1,333,333,333 Placing Shares to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange ("Admission"). It is expected that Admission and settlement of the Placing Shares will become effective on or around 30 June 2025. The Placing Shares will represent approximately 41.3 per cent. of the Company's enlarged issued share capital following the Placing. The Issue Price represents a discount of approximately 45 per cent. to the current mid-market price of 0.0275 pence per Ordinary Share. The net proceeds of the Placing will be used for working capital and to progress reverse takeover efforts. Further announcements will be made by the Company in due course as appropriate. Following Admission of the Placing Shares, the Company's issued ordinary share capital will comprise 3,226,306,795 ordinary shares. Therefore, following Admission the total number of ordinary shares with voting rights in the Company will be 3,226,306,795 which may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. The Company is currently unable to admit the entirety of the Placing Shares without either the publication of a prospectus or relying upon an exemption to the requirement to issue a prospectus. Consequently, the Placing involves a subscription by Richard Glass, a director of Corpus, for 1,333,333,333 Ordinary Shares in the Company, at the Placing Price being 0.015 pence per Ordinary Share. Following Admission, Mr Glass has agreed to immediately sell these 1,333,333,333 Ordinary Shares, at the Placing Price, to certain investors introduced by Peterhouse. For further information please contact: Corpus Resources Plc Paul Forrest/Richard Glass info@corpusresources.com www.corpusresources.com Peterhouse Capital Limited (Corporate Broker) 020 7469 0936 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Corpus Resources Plc (COR) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Legal & General Group 2 days ago Trustpilot Group 2 days ago Rio Tinto 2 days ago Trustpilot Group 2 days ago Ruffer Investment Company Ltd Red PTG Pref Shares All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and