Disclaimer* Corpus Resources PLC 11 June 2026 The information, contained within this announcement, is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (withdrawal) Act 2018 ("MAR"). Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. Corpus Resources Plc (" Corpus " or the " Company ") Results for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 11 June 2026 Corpus Resources Plc (LON:COR), the London Stock Exchange listed company, announces its full year audited results for the year ended 31 December 2025. A copy of the Company's annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025, extracts of which are set out below, will be made available on the Company's website www.corpusresources.com shortly. Further to the Company's announcement of 1 May 2026 regarding the temporary suspension of the listing and trading in the Company's ordinary shares, and following the publication of its audited Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Company will apply to the Financial Conduct Authority for the restoration of the listing of its ordinary shares and will seek the resumption of trading in its ordinary shares on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Further announcements will follow. For further information, please contact: Corpus Resources Plc Richard Glass, Non-Executive Chairman info@corpusresources.com www.corpusresources.com AlbR Capital Limited, Corporate Broker Tel: 020 7469 0936 Chairman's Statement I am pleased to present the annual report for Corpus Resources Plc (the "Company") for the financial year ended 31 December 2025. ​ Period in Review The year under review was an important period of stabilisation, restructuring and repositioning for the Company. On 19 February 2025, the Company fully implemented the Company Voluntary Arrangement ("CVA") approved by the Company's creditors and shareholders at meetings held on 5 September 2024. The successful completion of the CVA represented a significant milestone for the Company, materially reducing legacy liabilities and providing a clearer platform from which to consider future opportunities. During the year, the Company completed two equity fundraises. On 11 February 2025, the Company raised £99,000, before expenses, through the placing of 659,999,997 new ordinary shares of 0.01 pence each ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 0.015 pence per Ordinary Share. On 30 June 2025, the Company raised a further £200,000, before expenses, through the placing of 1,333,333,333 new Ordinary Shares at a price of 0.015 pence per Ordinary Share. Following the year end, on 23 April 2026, the Company raised a further £311,000, before expenses. Together with the completion of the CVA, this additional funding has strengthened the Company's financial position and provided a more stable foundation from which to pursue its stated strategy. I am also pleased that, following the year end, James Stenhouse joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 23 April 2026. James brings valuable commercial, technical and industry network experience, which will further strengthen the Board as it continues to assess and pursue potential opportunities. The Board continues to review potential oil and gas opportunities, which may be suitable for the Company, including opportunities that may constitute a reverse takeover. Any such transaction would remain subject to, among other things, appropriate due diligence, commercial negotiation, funding, shareholder approval where required, and compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. I would also like to record my appreciation to my fellow Board members for their significant commitment, support and hard work. The Directors continue to support the Company's disciplined approach to cash management, including by agreeing to the accrual of their remuneration rather than requiring immediate cash settlement. Results For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group generated a profit of US$3,473,700 (2024: a loss of US$586,344). The profit arose principally from the write-back of creditors payable under the CVA of US$4,070,365 (2024: Nil), as detailed in note 7 to the Financial Statements. Administrative expenses reduced to US$395,470 in 2025 (2024: US$412,589), reflecting the Board's continued focus on cost discipline. Finance expenses also decreased materially to US$1,316 in 2025 (2024: US$213,784), principally as a result of the settlement of loans pursuant to the CVA and the related reduction in interest expense. ​ Outlook The successful implementation of the CVA and the subsequent fundraises have placed the Company in a materially improved position. The Board's immediate focus is to maintain a disciplined cost base, preserve cash resources and identify acquisition opportunities capable of delivering long-term value for shareholders. The Company remains focused on the oil and gas sector, where the Board believes attractive opportunities may exist for a listed company with an appropriate capital structure and a clear execution strategy. In assessing potential transactions, the Board is focused on opportunities where the Company may be able to combine access to capital and public markets with commercial rigour, technical expertise and disciplined execution to support assets with meaningful development or appraisal potential. The Board will continue to evaluate such opportunities carefully, with particular regard to asset quality, jurisdictional risk, technical merit, funding requirements, regulatory implications and the potential to create sustainable shareholder value. Any transaction pursued by the Company will be considered in accordance with the Company's obligations under the UK Listing Rules, the UK Market Abuse Regulation and all other applicable legal and regulatory requirements. While there can be no certainty that any transaction will be completed, the Board believes that the Company is now better positioned to pursue a potential transaction than it has been for some time. We look forward to updating shareholders as and when appropriate. Richard Glass Non-Executive Chairman 11 June 2026 Strategic Report Financial Results The Company's profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 was US$3,473,700 (2024: a loss of US$586,344). This profit arose principally from the write-back of creditors payable under the Company Voluntary Arrangement, totaling US$4,070,365 (2024: Nil). Please see note 7 to the Financial Statements for further details. The Company generated no revenue during the year (2024: Nil). Profit per share was US$0.0015 (2024: a loss per share of US$0.001). The Group currently has no source of revenue and is reliant on equity funding and loans to meet its ongoing overhead expenditure. The Group held cash balances of US$37,172 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: US$20,465). The Directors note that the Group will require additional funding to continue operations for the foreseeable future and that this gives rise to a material uncertainty, which may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. On 23 April 2026, following the year end, the Company successfully raised £311,000 through a private placement by the issue of 3,110,000,000 new ordinary shares of 0.01 pence each in the Company at a price of 0.01 pence per ordinary share. The Directors are confident that the Group will be able to raise, as required, additional funding to enable it to continue its operations and to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due for at least the next twelve months from the date of approval of the Group Financial Statements. The Group Financial Statements have therefore been prepared on a going concern basis. The Company is led by three Directors, who provide their services under contractual arrangements, and is supported by a skilled part-time administrator. Principal Activities The Company was incorporated in England and Wales on 29 January 2016 and is currently considered a standard listing (transition) category Company by the Financial Conduct Authority under the revised listing rules. ​ The Group's business is operated through the United Kingdom and is focused on identifying and acquiring a new business in a promising sector within and outside the United Kingdom. ​ Review of the Business On 19 February 2025, the Company fully implemented the Company Voluntary Arrangement. On 11 February 2025, the Company raised £99,000, before expenses, through a placing of 659,999,997 new ordinary shares of 0.01 pence each ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 0.015 pence per Ordinary Share. On 30 June 2025, the Company raised a further £200,000, before expenses, through a placing of 1,333,333,333 new Ordinary Shares at a price of 0.015 pence per Ordinary Share. Following the year end, on 23 April 2026, the Company raised £311,000, before expenses, through a private placement of 3,110,000,000 new Ordinary Shares at a price of 0.01 pence per Ordinary Share. The 23 April 2026 private placement included subscriptions of: - £55,000 from Richard Glass, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company; and - £106,000 from James Stenhouse, the newly appointed Non-Executive Director of the Company. The balance of the private placement, being £150,000, was subscribed for by external investors. The successful implementation of the CVA, together with the 23 April 2026 private placement, has strengthened the Company's financial position and provided a more stable platform from which to pursue its strategy, including the assessment of potential acquisition opportunities, which may constitute a reverse takeover. Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) As the Company was focused on restructuring its balance sheet, the Directors take the view that KPIs would not provide materially useful information to investors at this time. As the business develops further, the addition of KPIs will be considered and added as appropriate. ​ Principal Risks and Risk Management As the Company has restructuring its balance sheet during 2025, the primary risk to the business during this period is going concern risk and a potential inability to fund the business through to a successful RTO. ​ The Company's risk management strategies include: - utilising the Directors' fundraising experience and market relationships to seek to maintain access to appropriate funding during the transition period; - actively seeking and evaluating suitable project opportunities in the oil and gas sector; - maintaining clear, timely and appropriate communication with shareholders and other stakeholders regarding the Company's progress, subject always to applicable legal and regulatory requirements; and - preserving cash resources through disciplined capital allocation and ongoing cost control during the transition period. Liquidity and solvency risk The Company is also exposed to liquidity and solvency risk, where its ability to meet short-term and long-terms obligations depends on the ability of the Company to fund the business. Strict on-going cost control, stakeholder engagement and the continued assessment of potential acquisition opportunities are the objective to promote long term success of the Company to address liquidity and solvency risk. Corporate Responsibility The Company takes its responsibilities as a corporate citizen seriously. The Board's primary goal is to create shareholder value in a responsible way, which serves all stakeholders. ​ Section 172 Statement Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires each Director to act in the way they consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole. In doing so, the Directors must have regard, among other matters, to the likely consequences of any decision in the long term, the interests of the Company's employees, the need to foster business relationships with suppliers, customers and others, the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment, the desirability of maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct, and the need to act fairly as between members of the Company. The Directors are aware of, and continue to have regard to, their responsibilities under section 172. In the context of the Company's current status, the Board's principal focus has been on stabilising the Company, preserving cash resources, completing the Company Voluntary Arrangement ("CVA"), maintaining appropriate engagement with shareholders and other stakeholders, and assessing potential opportunities, which may be capable of delivering long-term value for shareholders. - The likely consequences of any decision in the long term. During the year, a key decision for the Board was the implementation of the CVA, which had been approved by the Company's creditors and shareholders at meetings held on 5 September 2024. The CVA was fully implemented on 19 February 2025 and represented an important step in restructuring the Company's legacy liabilities. In the Board's view, the successful completion of the CVA has provided the Company with a clearer platform from which to consider new business opportunities in the interests of shareholders as a whole. - The interests of the Company's employees. The Company currently has three Directors, who provide services under contractual arrangements, and is supported by a part-time administrator. The Company has limited operational activity and no revenue-generating assets at present. - The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others. The Company acknowledge the importance of maintaining good relationship with suppliers and customers, creditors and service provider. The Company communicates them regularly as needed. Given the current status of the Company, the business relationship is very limited. - The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment. The Company maintains it business while keeping in mind the highest standards of health, safety, security and protection. The Company will adopt a sustainability policy in the future as the need arises, which will depend on the nature of its new business operations. - The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct. The Directors believe that the actions taken during the year, including the completion of the CVA, ongoing cost control, stakeholder engagement and the continued assessment of potential acquisition opportunities, are consistent with their duties under section 172 and with the objective of promoting the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole. - The need to act fairly as between members of the Company. The Board regularly considers the Company's principal stakeholders and the manner in which the Company engages with them. Given the Company's current stage of development and limited operational activities, the Company's key stakeholders include its shareholders, creditors, advisers, service providers, regulatory authorities and contractual personnel. The relevance of each stakeholder group may vary depending on the matter under consideration, and the Board seeks to take their interests into account as part of its decision-making process. The Board welcomes engagement with shareholders and the capital markets more generally. This is achieved through appropriate dialogue with shareholders, prospective shareholders, advisers and capital markets participants, including the Company's corporate broker. Feedback from such engagement is shared with the Board where relevant. Investors and prospective investors may also access information through the Company's regulatory announcements and corporate website. As the Company continues to assess potential acquisition opportunities, including opportunities which may constitute a reverse takeover, the Board is mindful of the need to ensure that all communications with shareholders and the market are made in accordance with the Company's obligations under the UK Listing Rules, the UK Market Abuse Regulation and all other applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Governance The Board considers sound governance as a critical component of the Company's success and the highest priority. The Company has an effective and engaged Board. Analysis by Gender Category Male Female Directors 3* 0 Senior Managers 0 0 Other Employees 0 0 * Following the year end, James Stenhouse joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 23 April 2026. Principal risk and risk management as part of Company's governance are discussed on this report. Diversity and Inclusion The Company is committed to promoting equality, diversity and inclusion and does not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, nationality, ethnic or racial origin, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected characteristic. The Board does not support discrimination in any form and all appointments are made on the basis of merit, skills, experience and the requirements of the role. The Company currently has a small Board, comprising three Directors, who provide their services under contractual arrangements, and is supported by a part-time administrator. As a result, the Company has limited scope at this stage to implement broader workforce diversity initiatives or targets. However, the Board recognises the importance of diversity and inclusion and will continue to take these matters into account in future appointments and, where appropriate, in connection with any future transaction or expansion of the Company's activities. Health and Safety The Company has a Health and Safety at Work policy, which is reviewed regularly by the Board and is committed to the health and safety of its employees and others, who may be affected by the Company's activities. The health and safety procedures used by the Company ensure compliance with all applicable legal, environmental and regulatory requirements as well as its own internal standards. Outlook Following the implementation of the CVA on 19 February 2025 and the restructuring of the Company's historic balance sheet, the Company now has a more stable foundation from which the Directors can assess and pursue potential acquisition opportunities, including opportunities which may constitute a reverse takeover. Signed by order of the Board, ​ Richard Glass Non-Executive Chairman 11 June 2026 Directors' Report The Directors present their report on the Company, together with the audited Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025. ​ Cautionary Statement The review of the business and its future development in the Strategic Report has been prepared solely to provide additional information to shareholders to assess the Company's strategies and the potential for these strategies to succeed. It should not be relied on by any other party for any other purpose. The review contains forward looking statements, which are made by the Directors in good faith based on information available to them up to the time of the approval of the reports and should be treated with caution due to the inherent uncertainties associated with such statements. ​ Results and Dividends Given the nature of the business and its development strategy, it is unlikely that the Board will recommend a dividend in the next few years. The Directors believe that the Company should seek to re-invest any profits to fund the Company's growth strategy over the short- and medium-term horizons. ​ Business Review and Future Developments Details of the business activities and developments made during the period can be found in the Strategic Report and in note 1 to the Financial Statements respectively. ​ Financial Instruments and Risk Management Disclosures regarding financial instruments are provided within note 21 to the Financial Statements. ​ Capital Structure and Issue of Shares Details of the Company's share capital, together with details of the movements during the period, are set out in note 18 to the Financial Statements. The Company has one class of Ordinary Shares and one class of Deferred Shares, which carry no rights to fixed income. Directors The Directors of the Company, who have served during the year and at the date of this report are: Director Role Date of Appointment Date of Resignation Board Committee* Richard Glass Chairman and Non-Executive Director 20/09/2024 - N, R, A Paul Forrest Executive Director 20/09/2024 - N, R, A James Stenhouse Non-Executive Director 23/04/2026 - N, R *Board Committee abbreviations are as follows: N = Nomination Committee; A = Audit and Risk Committee; R = Remuneration Committee. ​ Board of Directors Details of the current Directors and their backgrounds are as follows: Richard Glass Non-Executive Director and Non-Executive Chairman Richard holds a Bachelor of Science in Electro-Mechanical Engineering and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Cape Town. He began his career at Accenture, working across the UK, Europe, the Middle East and the Far East, before joining Investec, the international banking and wealth management group. He has since co-founded and managed a number of resource and real estate investment businesses in South Africa and the UK. He advises a select group of listed and unlisted investment companies, asset managers, banks and financial services businesses, with a focus on deal origination and execution, project structuring, securitisation, financing and delivery. Richard is also a non-executive director of AIM-listed Angus Energy Plc. Paul Forrest Executive Director Paul has 19 years' experience in the natural resources sector, spanning both offshore and onshore oil and gas. This includes 10 years in offshore oil and gas in the Philippines and a further 9 years in the United Kingdom's onshore oil and gas sector, culminating in the acquisition of the Saltfleetby Project in 2019. He is the former Financial Controller of AIM-listed Forum Energy Plc and Celtic Resources Plc, and a former board member of Angus Energy Plc. James Stenhouse Non-Executive Director James is a highly accomplished well operations and oil and gas executive with over 19 years of international industry experience, with expertise in well testing, completions, production operations, field development and well operations. He is the Founder and Managing Director of H2Oil Group, a business he has led since 2009, driving its expansion across multiple international markets, including Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific and the Americas. Mr. Stenhouse has also played a leading role in technical and commercial due diligence, including support for H2Oil's acquisition of a 50% interest in the EIV-1 gas-producing licence area in Suceava, Romania. James is a Member of the Petroleum Club of Romania and an active member of, and mentor within, the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Directors' Interests in Shares Directors' interests in the shares of the Company, at the date of this report, are disclosed below. Director Ordinary Shares Held % Held Paul Forrest 166,666,700 2.63% Richard Glass 550,000,000 8.68% James Stenhouse 1,100,874,555 17.37% 1,817,541,255 28.68% Substantial Interests As at 30 April 2026, the Company has been advised of the following significant interests (greater than 3%) in its ordinary share capital: Shareholder Ordinary Shares Held % Held James Antony Stenhouse (*1) 1,100,874,555 17.26% Asco PR Drilling DMCC 1,000,000,000 15.78% Pershing Nominees Limited (*2) 562,000,000 8.87% The Bank of New York (Nominees) Limited (*3) 555,000,100 8.76% Demitra Hajiphilippou 500,000,000 7.89% Interactive Investor Services Nominees Limited 386,858,318 6.11% Hargreaves Lansdown (Nominees) Limited (*1) 343,777,577 5.43% Peel Hunt Partnership Limited 295,892,683 4.67% Other Shareholders owning less than 3% shareholdings 1,599,444,717 25.24% (*1) James Stenhouse, Company Director, in addition to his direct holding of 1,093,333,400 ordinary shares in the Company, holds a further 7,541,155 ordinary shares via Hargreaves Lansdown (Nominees) Limited, resulting in a total holding of 1,100,874,555 ordinary shares in the Company. (*2) Richard Glass, Company Director, holds 550,000,000 ordinary shares in the Company via Pershing Nominees Limited. (*3) Paul Forrest, Company Director, holds 166,666,700 ordinary shares in the Company via The Bank of New York (Nominees) Limited. Further updates are available on the Company website at: https://corpusresources.com/shareholder-information/ . Corporate Governance The Board is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and, so far as appropriate given the Company's size and the constitution of the Board, complies with the Corporate Governance Guidelines for Small and Mid-Sized Companies (the " QCA Code "). The Board The Board currently comprises one Executive Director and two Non-Executive Directors. The Board is ultimately responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's business, its strategy and key policies. Members of the Board are appointed by the Shareholders. The Board also has power to appoint additional directors, subject to such appointments being approved by Shareholders. At least four board meetings are held per year. James Stenhouse joined the board on 23 April 2026 and therefore, he did not attend any meetings in 2025. Director Number of Meetings Held During Tenure Number of Meetings Attended Richard Glass 4 4 Paul Forrest 4 4 As prescribed by the QCA Code, the Board has established three committees: an Audit and Risk Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Nomination Committee. Each of the committees were formed on admission of the Company to the Standard Listing Segment on 4 October 2017. The Audit and Risk Committee met twice during 2025. The Remuneration Committees did not meet during 2025. ​ Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee, which comprises Paul Forrest and Richard Glass, is responsible, amongst other things, for monitoring the Group's financial reporting, external audits and controls, including reviewing and monitoring the integrity of the Group's annual and half-yearly Financial Statements, reviewing and monitoring the extent of non-audit work undertaken by external auditors, advising on the appointment of external auditors, overseeing the Group's relationship with its external auditors, reviewing the effectiveness of the external audit process and reviewing the effectiveness of the Group's internal control review function. The ultimate responsibility for reviewing and approving the annual report and accounts and the half-yearly reports remains with the Board. The Audit and Risk Committee gives due consideration to laws and regulations, the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the Quoted Companies' Alliance code) and the requirements of the Listing Rules. The Audit and Risk Committee shall meet at least once a year at appropriate intervals in the financial reporting and audit cycle and otherwise as required. Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee, which comprises Paul Forrest and Richard Glass, is responsible, amongst other things, for assisting the Board in determining its responsibilities in relation to remuneration, including making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy on executive remuneration, including setting the parameters and governance framework of the Group's remuneration policy and determining the individual remuneration and benefits package of each of the Company's Executive Directors and the Group. It is also responsible for approving the rules and basis for participation in any performance related pay-schemes, share incentive schemes and obtaining reliable and up-to-date information about remuneration in other companies. The Remuneration Committee meets as required. Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee, which comprises Paul Forrest and Richard Glass, identify and nominate, for the approval of the Board, candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise. The Nominations Committee meets as required. ​ Share Dealing Policy The Company has adopted a Share Dealing Policy, which sets out the requirements and procedures for dealings in any of its listed securities. The Share Dealing Policy applies widely to the Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, the Company's employees and persons closely associated with them. The policy complies with the Market Abuse Regulations, which came into effect on 3 July 2016. Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy The Company has adopted an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which applies to the Directors and any future employees of the Company. The Directors believe that the Group, through its internal controls, has appropriate procedures in place to reduce the risk of bribery and that all employees, agents, consultants and associated persons are made fully aware of the Group's policies and procedures with respect to ethical behaviour, business conduct and transparency. ​ Health and Safety The Company currently has no operations and will address health and safety requirements in more detail upon acquisition of a project or execution of an office lease, where the Company bears responsibility for office health and safety standards. Relations with Shareholders As detailed further below, the Directors seek to build on a mutual understanding of objectives between the Company and its shareholders by meeting to discuss long term issues and receive feedback, communicating regularly throughout the year and issuing trading updates as appropriate. The Board also seeks to use the Annual General Meeting to communicate with its shareholders. Fair, Balanced and Understandable Assessment of Position and Prospects The Board has shown its commitment to presenting fair, balanced and comprehensible assessments of the Company's position and prospects by providing comprehensive disclosures within the financial report in relation to its activities. The Board has applied the principles of good governance relating to Directors' remuneration as described below. The Board has determined that there are no specific issues, which need to be brought to the attention of shareholders. Remuneration Strategy The Company operates in a competitive market. If it is to compete successfully, it is essential that it attracts, develops and retains high quality staff. Remuneration policy has an important part to play in achieving this objective. The Company aims to offer its staff a remuneration package, which is both competitive in the relevant employment market and which reflects individual performance and contribution. Communication with Shareholders The Board attaches great importance to communication with both institutional and private shareholders. Regular communication is maintained with all shareholders through Company announcements, the half-year Statement and the Annual Report and Financial Statements. The Directors seek to build on a mutual understanding of objectives between the Company and its shareholders. Institutional shareholders are in contact with the Directors through presentations and meetings to discuss issues and to give feedback regularly throughout the year. With private shareholders, this is not always practical. ​ The Board therefore intends to use the Company's Annual General Meeting as the opportunity to meet private shareholders, who are encouraged to attend, and at which the Board will give a presentation on the activities of the Company. Following the presentation, there will be an opportunity to meet and ask questions from Directors and to discuss development of the business. The Company operates a website at http://www.corpusresources.com The website contains details of the Company and its activities, regulatory announcements, Company announcements, interim statements, preliminary statements and annual reports. Greenhouse Gas Emissions The Group has as yet minimal greenhouse gas emissions to report from the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and does not have responsibility for any other emission producing sources under the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors Report) Regulations 2014. Task Force on Climate Financial Disclosures The Company has no on-going operations therefore the Directors have not made any disclosures against the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. The Directors will revisit the position in the event that a future transaction is completed. Annual General Meeting The Company currently intends to hold its Annual General Meeting in July 2026 and further announcements will follow , and it encourages all shareholders to vote via proxy regardless of their intention of attending the meeting in person. Financial Risk Management The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks, including currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Some of the objectives and policies applied by management to mitigate these risks are outlined in note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Share Capital The Company's Ordinary Shares of £0.0001 per share and Deferred share of £0.0099 represent 100% of its total share capital. At a meeting of the Company every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for every Ordinary Share of which he is the holder. Holders of Ordinary Shares are entitled to receive dividends. Deferred shares do not carry any voting right or right to receive dividends. On a winding-up or other return of capital, holders are entitled to share in any surplus assets pro rata to the amount paid up on their Ordinary Shares. The shares are not redeemable at the option of either the Company or the holder. There are no restrictions on the transfer of shares. Independent Auditors Following the year end, Anstey Bond LLP were re-appointed as auditor to the Company. Provision of Information to Auditors Each of the persons, who are Directors at the time when this Directors' Report is approved, has confirmed that: - so far as that Director is aware, there is no information relevant to the audit of which the Company's auditors are unaware; and - each Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a director in order to be aware of any information needed by the Company's auditors in connection with preparing their report and to establish that the Company's auditors are aware of that information. Signed by order of the Board Richard Glass Non-Executive Chairman 11 June 2026 Directors' R emuneration Report The Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee (the "Committee") comprises Paul Forrest and Richard Glass. The members of the Remuneration Committee have the necessary experience of executive compensation matters, relevant to their responsibilities as members of such a committee by virtue of their respective professions, contacts within the minerals industry as well as experience in the broader business community. In addition, each member of the Remuneration Committee keeps abreast on a regular basis of trends and developments, affecting executive compensation. Accordingly, it is considered that the Remuneration Committee has sufficient experience and knowledge to set appropriate levels of compensation. Neither the Company nor the Remuneration Committee engaged independent consultants to evaluate the levels of compensation during the year ended 31 December 2025. Committee's Main Responsibility The Remuneration Committee is responsible, amongst other things, for assisting the Board in determining its responsibilities in relation to remuneration, including making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy on executive remuneration, including setting the parameters and governance framework of the Group's remuneration policy and determining the individual remuneration and benefits package for the Company's Executive Directors and the Group. It is also responsible for approving the rules and basis for participation in any performance related pay-schemes, share incentive schemes and obtaining reliable and up-to-date information about remuneration in other companies. The Remuneration Committee shall meet as required. Statement of Policy on Directors' Remuneration The Company's policy is to set remuneration to attract and retain the highest quality of directors and senior executives, and to: - align their interests with shareholders; - avoid incentivising excessive risk taking by executives; - be proportionate to the contribution of the individuals concerned; and - be sensitive to pay and employment conditions elsewhere in the market. The Company is at an early stage of development. As a result, the use of traditional performance standards, such as corporate profitability, is not considered by the Remuneration Committee to be appropriate in the evaluation of corporate or Directors' performance. Discretionary bonuses may be paid to aid staff retention and reward performance. The Company provides Executive Directors with base fees, which represent their minimum compensation for services rendered during the financial year. The base fees of Directors and senior executives depend on the scope of their experience, responsibilities and performance. The Remuneration Committee has considered the risk implications of the Company's compensation policies and practices and has concluded that there is no appreciable risk associated with such policies and practices since such policies and practices do not have the potential of encouraging an executive officer or other applicable individual to take on any undue risk or to otherwise expose the Company to inappropriate or excessive risks. Furthermore, although the Company does not have in place any specific prohibitions, preventing executives from purchasing financial instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or units of exchange funds that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in market value of options or other equity securities of the Company granted in compensation or held directly or indirectly by the Director, the Company is unaware of the purchase of any such financial instruments by any Director. Directors' Remuneration The Directors, who held office on 31 December 2025 and who had beneficial interests in the ordinary shares of the Company, are summarised as follows: Name of Director Position Paul Forrest Executive Director Summary Compensation Table (audited) The following table sets forth the compensation awarded, paid to or earned by each Director during 2025: 2025 Directors' fees US$ Social security costs US$ Total cash-compensation US$ Share-based Payments (options) US$ Total compensation US$ Richard Glass 78,938 9,986 88,924 - 88,924 Paul Forrest 78,938 9,986 88,924 - 88,924 Total Directors' compensation 157,876 19,972 177,848 - 177,848 Paul Forrest has, through agreement with the Company, agreed to defer US$74,003 (2024: US$22,649) of his unpaid annual Directors compensation, until the Company is in a stronger financial position, which at 31 December 2025 totaled US$96,652 (2024: US$22,649), and has been recognised in accruals at the reporting date. Richard Glass has, through agreement with the Company, agreed to defer US$74,003 (2024: US$22,649) of his unpaid annual Directors compensation, until the Company is in a stronger financial position, which at 31 December 2025 totaled US$96,652 (2024: US$22,649), and has been recognised in accruals at the reporting date. Summary Compensation Table (audited) The following table sets forth the compensation awarded, paid to or earned by each Director during 2024: 2024 Directors' fees US$ Social security costs US$ Total cash-compensation US$ Share-based Payments (options) US$ Total compensation US$ Richard Glass 21,524 2,970 24,494 - 24,494 Paul Forrest 21,524 2,970 24,494 - 24,494 John McGoldrick (resigned 20 September 2024) 39,173 - 39,173 - 39,173 Scott Kaintz (resigned 10 December 2024) (34,141) (6,177) (40,318) - (40,318) Owen May (resigned 29 May 2024) 13,314 - 13,314 - 13,314 Total Directors' compensation 61,394 (237) 61,157 - 61,157 Share-Based Awards (audited) The Company has not awarded share options to the Directors of the Company in accordance with its share option plan. There were no awards of annual bonuses or incentive arrangements in the period. All remuneration was therefore fixed in nature and no illustrative table of the application of remuneration policy has been included in this report. ​ Directors' Interests in Shares (audited) Directors' interests in the shares of the Company at the date of this report are disclosed below. Director Ordinary Shares Held % Held Paul Forrest 166,666,700 2.63% Richard Glass 550,000,000 8.68% James Stenhouse 1,100,874,555 17.37% Other Matters Subject to Audit The Company does not currently have any pension plans for any of the Directors and does not pay pension amounts in relation to their remuneration. Other Matters The Company does not currently have any annual or long-term incentive schemes in place for any of the Directors and as such there are no disclosures in this respect. The performance of the Remuneration Committee is yet to be assessed given the short time frame that it has been operational. No performance graph has been included here as the Company is in the early stages of its business development. ​ Signed Richard Glass Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 11 June 2026 Statement of Directors' Responsibilities in Respect of the Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the Financial Statements The Directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Directors' Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare Financial Statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the Financial Statements in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards and applicable law. Under company law, the Directors must not approve the Financial Statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the profit or loss of the Group for that period. In preparing these Financial Statements, the Directors are required to: - select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; - make judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; - state whether they have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards; and - prepare the Financial Statements on the going concern basis, unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in business. The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the Financial Statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of Financial Statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: - the Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting standards, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Group; and - the Directors report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face. By Order of the Board ​ Richard Glass Non-Executive Chairman 11 June 2026 ​ Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Corpus Resources PLC Opinion We have audited the Financial Statements of Corpus Resources Plc (the "Company", or the "Parent Company") and its subsidiaries (the "Group") for the year ended 31 December 2025, which comprise the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated and Company Statements of Financial Position, the Consolidated and Company Statements of Cash Flows, the Consolidated and Company Statements of Changes in Equity and Notes to the Financial Statements, including significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in preparation of the Group and Parent Company Financial Statements is applicable law and UK-adopted international accounting standards. In our opinion: - the Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the state of the Group and Company's affairs as at 31 December 2025 and of the Group's profit for the year then ended; - the Group and Company Financial Statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards; - the Parent Company Financial Statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the United Kingdom and as applied in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006; and - the Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Basis for Opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Financial Statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard as applied to public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern We draw attention to note 2 to the Financial Statements, which explains the factors the Directors considered in concluding that the going concern basis of accounting remains appropriate. As explained in note 2, the Company has undertaken recapitalisation and debt restructuring arrangements, including a Company Voluntary Arrangement (the "CVA"), which was completed on 19 February 2025. Notwithstanding the debt reduction and recapitalisation arising from the CVA, the Group has no source of revenue and remains reliant on external financing to meet its obligations as they fall due. The Directors note that the Group will require additional funding to continue operations for the foreseeable future. Note 2 further explains that, on 23 April 2026, the Company raised £311,000 through a private placement to cover the majority of its financial commitments for the next twelve months. However, the Directors also acknowledge that there can be no certainty over the Company's access to future funding beyond the funds raised and, accordingly, a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. In auditing the Financial Statements, we have concluded that the Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the Financial Statements is appropriate. Our evaluation of the Directors' assessment included, among other procedures, obtaining and reviewing evidence of the CVA completion and the subsequent fundraise, evaluating the Directors' cash flow forecasts and the key assumptions applied, and considering the adequacy of the related disclosures in note 2. Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this report. Overview of Our Audit Approach Materiality In planning and performing our audit we applied the concept of materiality. An item is considered material if it could reasonably be expected to change the economic decisions of a user of the Financial Statements. We used the concept of materiality to both focus our testing and to evaluate the impact of misstatements identified. Based on our professional judgement, we determined overall materiality for the Group Financial Statements as a whole to be US$39,300 (2024: US$160,268), based on 10% of the result before tax after adjusting for the CVA income (2024 3% of net liabilities). Materiality for the Parent Company Financial Statements as a whole was set at £30,000 (2024: £120,000), using the same basis. We use a different level of materiality ("performance materiality") to determine the extent of our testing for the audit of the Financial Statements. Performance materiality is set based on the audit materiality as adjusted for the judgements made as to the entity risk and our evaluation of the specific risk of each audit area having regard to the internal control environment. Performance materiality was set at 70% of materiality for the Financial Statements as a whole, which equates to US$27,510 for the Group and £21,000 for the Parent. Where considered appropriate performance materiality may be reduced to a lower level, such as, for related party transactions and Directors' remuneration. We agreed with the Audit Committee to report to it all identified errors in excess of US$5,000 (2024: US$5,000). Errors below that threshold would also be reported to it if, in our opinion as auditor, disclosure was required on qualitative grounds. Overview of the Scope of Our Audit The Group consists of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. As part of designing our group audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the Financial Statements. In establishing our overall approach to the Group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed in respect of each subsidiary or entity. This consisted of us carrying out a full audit of all significant components of the Group. An audit involves obtaining evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the Financial Statements sufficient to give reasonable assurance that the Financial Statements are free from material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. This includes an assessment of: - whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the Company's circumstances and have been consistently applied and adequately disclosed; - the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by the Directors; and - the overall presentation of the Financial Statements. All audit work has been conducted by the Group audit team Key Audit Matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the Financial Statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) we identified, including those which had the greatest effect on the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined that the only key audit matter was in respect of going concern and our work in that area is described in the section above headed "Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern". Several risks were identified surrounding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Attention has been drawn to these matters in note 2 of the Financial Statements. In this area, our audit procedures included: - we obtained and reviewed the twelve month postdate of signing the Financial Statements cash-flow forecasts, bank statements and statutory documentation; - we assessed the level of equity financing, received during the five months after the balance sheet date, and whether this was sufficient to ensure the Group's liquidity; - we reviewed the Group's refinancing of debt taking place post year end; - we obtained the Board of Directors' assessment of the Groups' going concern; - we reviewed the disclosures included within these statements and confirmed that they were in line with regulatory reporting standards. From the work performed, we did not identify any instances from which to conclude that the disclosure or accounting treatment was incorrectly stated. As part of our consideration of the above key risk and our audit procedures in general the following inherent risk factors have been considered: - Subjectivity ; specifically in respect to the forecast cost base for the twelve months to June 2027; - Complexity ; we do not consider there to be any significant risks attributable to change in the business for the current period; - Uncertainty ; the outcome of the going concern assessment and the realisation of future fundraising planned by management; - Change ; we do not consider there to be any significant risks attributable to change in the business for the current period; - Susceptibility to Misstatement Due to Management Bias or Fraud . The risk of misstatement due to management bias or fraud was identified in relation to the small team and therefore lack of segregation of duties, this required specific audit procedures to mitigate the risk. Other Information The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report other than the Financial Statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Statements or our knowledge, obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the Financial Statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. Opinions on Other Matters Prescribed by the Companies Act 2006 In our opinion the part of the Directors' remuneration report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit: - the information given in the Strategic and the Directors' Reports for the financial year for which the Financial Statements are prepared is consistent with the Financial Statements; and - the Strategic and the Directors' Reports have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Matters on Which We are Required to Report by Exception In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Parent Company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors' Report. We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: - adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or - the Group and Company Financial Statements and the part of the Directors' remuneration report to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or - certain disclosures of Directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or - we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit. Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements As explained more fully in the Directors' responsibilities statement, the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the Financial Statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the Financial Statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Financial Statements. Detecting Irregularities Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below, however the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud lies with management and those charged with the governance of the partner company and Group. We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the Group and the procedures in place for ensuring compliance. The most significant areas identified were the Companies Act 2006 and the regulations concerning the Company's listing on the London Stock Exchange. As part of our audit planning process, we assessed the different areas of the Financial Statements, including disclosures, for the risk of material misstatement. This included considering the risk of fraud, where direct enquiries were made of management and those charged with governance concerning both whether they had any knowledge of actual or suspected fraud and their assessment of the susceptibility of fraud. We have read board and committee minutes of meetings, as well as regulatory announcements, as part of our risk assessment process to identify events or conditions that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. As part of this process, we have considered whether remuneration incentive schemes or performance targets exist for the Directors. In addition to the risk of management override of controls, we have considered the fraud risk, related to any unusual transactions or unexpected relationships, including assessing the risk of undisclosed related party transactions. Our procedures to address this risk included testing a risk-based selection of journal transactions, both at the year end and throughout the year. Because of the inherent limitations of an audit, there is a risk that we will not detect all irregularities, including those leading to a material misstatement in the Financial Statements or non-compliance with regulation. This risk increases the more that compliance with a law or regulation is removed from the events and transactions reflected in the Financial Statements, as we will be less likely to become aware of instances of non-compliance. The risk is also greater regarding irregularities, occurring due to fraud rather than error, as fraud involves intentional concealment, forgery, collusion, omission or misrepresentation. A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council's website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report. Use of Our Report This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. Colin Ellis FCCA CF (Senior Statutory Auditor) For and on behalf of ANSTEY BOND LLP, Statutory Auditors & Chartered Accountants 1-2 Charterhouse Mews London EC1M 6BB 11 June 2026 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended 31 December 2025 Note 2025 2024 US$ US$ Administrative expenses 6 (395,470) (412,589) Administrative income - CVA 7 1,368,188 - Income/(loss) from operations 972,718 (412,589) Finance income - CVA 7 2,702,177 - Finance income/(expense), net 8 2,416 (234,160) Other income - 4,662 Income/(loss) before taxation 4 3,677,311 (642,087) Income tax expense 9 - - Income/(loss) for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent company 3,677,311 (642,087) Other comprehensive (loss)/income (Loss)/gain on translation of parent net assets and results from functional currency into presentation currency (203,611) 55,743 Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 3,473,700 (586,344) Income/(loss) per share - Basic and diluted, US$ 10 0.0015 (0.001) The notes form part of these Financial Statements Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2025 Note 2025 2024 US$ US$ Assets Current assets Prepayments and other receivables 14 9,033 266,861 Cash and cash equivalents 15 37,172 20,465 Total current assets 46,205 287,326 Total assets 46,205 287,326 Current liabilities Trade and other payables 16 354,819 1,742,900 Borrowings 17 - 2,672,891 Total current liabilities 354,819 4,415,791 Total liabilities 354,819 4,415,791 Share capital 18 1,510,841 1,250,458 Share premium 3,852,830 3,789,365 Share-based payments reserve 474,792 474,792 Warrants reserve 430,828 430,828 Merger reserve 31,212,041 31,212,041 Foreign currency translation reserve (242,461) (38,850) Convertible loan note reserve 22,303 - Accumulated losses (37,569,788) (41,247,099) Total capital and reserves (308,614) (4,128,465) Total equity and liabilities 46,205 287,326 The Financial Statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 11 June 2026 and were signed on its behalf by: Paul Forrest Director The notes form part of these Financial Statements. Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Share capital Share premium Other reserves Accumulated losses Total US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ Equity at 1 January 2024 1,105,547 3,619,332 31,967,438 (40,605,012) (3,912,695) Loss for the year - - - (642,087) (642,087) Other comprehensive income for the year - - 55,743 - 55,743 Total comprehensive loss for the year - - 55,743 (642,087) (586,344) Issue of shares 144,911 170,033 - - 314,944 Issue of share warrants - - 55,630 - 55,630 Total transactions with shareholders 144,911 170,033 55,630 - 370,574 Equity at 31 December 2024 1,250,458 3,789,365 32,078,811 (41,247,099) (4,128,465) Gain for the year - - - 3,677,311 3,677,311 Other comprehensive loss for the year - - (203,611) - (203,611) Total comprehensive income for the year (203,611) 3,677,311 3,473,700 Issue of shares 260,383 63,465 - - 323,848 Issue of convertible loan not - - 22,303 - 22,303 Total transactions with shareholders 260,383 63,465 22,303 - 346,151 Equity at 31 December 2025 1,510,841 3,852,830 31,897,503 (37,569,788) (308,614) Other Reserves Merger reserve Share-based payments reserve Warrants reserve Convertible loan note reserve Foreign currency translation reserve Total Other reserves US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ US$ Other reserves at 1 January 2024 31,212,041 474,792 375,198 - (94,593) 31,967,438 Other comprehensive income for the year - - - - 55,743 55,743 Total comprehensive income for the year - - - - 55,743 55,743 Issue of warrants - - 55,630 - - 55,630 Other reserves at 31 December 2024 31,212,041 474,792 430,828 - (38,850) 32,078,811 Other comprehensive loss for the year - - - - (203,611) (203,611) Total comprehensive loss for the year - - - - (203,611) (203,611) Issue of convertible loan note - - - 22,303 - 22,303 Other reserves at 31 December 2025 31,212,041 474,792 430,828 22,303 (242,461) 31,897,503 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Note 2025 2024 US$ US$ Cash flow from operating activities Profit/(loss) before taxation 3,677,311 (642,087) Adjustments for: Gain on CVA write back of loan creditors (non-cash) 7 (2,702,177) - Gain on CVA write back of administrative costs 7 (1,368,188) - Finance expenses 8 - 213,784 Unrealised foreign exchange movements (147,901) (1,267) Operating cashflows before working capital changes (540,955) (429,570) Changes in working capital: (Decrease)/Increase in payables (36,658) 348,007 Decrease/(Increase) in receivables 267,930 (240,400) Net cash used in operating activities (309,683) (321,963) Financing activities Issue of ordinary shares, net of share issue costs 18 323,848 370,687 Proceeds from new borrowings 17 - (28,565) Net cash flow from financing activities 323,848 342,122 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the year 14,165 20,159 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 20,465 738 Effect of the translation of cash balances into presentation currency 2,542 (432) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 37,172 20,465 Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 37,172 20,465 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Information 1. General Information The Company is incorporated and registered in England and Wales as a public limited company. The Company's registered number is 09976843 and its registered office is at 6 Floor, 99 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7NG. On 4 October 2017, the Company's shares were admitted to the Official List (by way of Standard Listing) and to trading on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market. With effect from its admission to the Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, the Company has been subject to the UK Listing Rules issued by the Financial Conduct Authority, together with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements governing listed companies in the United Kingdom. The principal activity of the Company is that of an investment company, currently focused on acquiring a new business with adequate scale and growth potential to be listed on the Official Listing of the London Stock Exchange. The individual Financial Statements of the Company ("Company Financial Statements") have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 which permits a Company that publishes its Company and Group Financial Statements together, to take advantage of the exemption in Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, from presenting to its members its Company Income Statement and related notes that form part of the approved Company Financial Statements. ​ ​ 2. Accounting Policies The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements. The Group Financial Statements are presented in US Dollars as historically the entirety of the Company's operations have been located in the United States. New Standards, Amendments and Interpretations Not Yet Adopted At the date of approval of these Financial Statements, the following standards and interpretations are stated below: Amendments in the year: - Lack of Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21); and - Amendments to the SASB standards to enhance their international applicability. Not Yet Adopted: - IFRS 19 specifies the disclosure requirements an eligible subsidiary is permitted to apply instead of the disclosure requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards; - Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency (Amendments to IAS 21) The amendments clarify how companies should translate Financial Statements from a non-hyperinflationary currency into a hyperinflationary one; and - Amendments to Greenhouse Gas Emissions Disclosures (Amendments to IFRS S2) The amendments to IFRS S2 aim at supporting entities applying IFRS S2 by reducing the complexity, risk of potential duplication of reporting and related costs of applying specific requirements in IFRS S2. The Directors have considered those standards and interpretations, which have not been applied in the Financial Statements but are relevant to the Group's operations, that are in issue but not yet effective and do not consider that they will have a material impact on the future results of the Group. Standards Adopted Early by the Company The Company has not adopted any standards or interpretations early in either the current or the preceding financial period. ​ Basis of Preparation The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards ("IFRS") and the requirements of the Companies Act, applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. The Financial Statements are prepared on a going concern basis and under the historical cost convention. ​ Basis of Consolidation The Company was incorporated on 29 January 2016; On 4 October 2017, it acquired Coos Bay Energy LLC. At the time of its acquisition by the Company, Coos Bay Energy LLC consisted of Coos Bay Energy LLC and its wholly owned US Group. It is the Directors' opinion that the Company at the date of acquisition of Coos Bay Energy LLC did not meet the definition of a business as defined by IFRS 3 and therefore the acquisition was outside of the IFRS 3 scope. Where a party to an acquisition fails to satisfy the definition of a business, as defined by IFRS 3, management have decided to adopt a "merger accounting" method of consolidation as the most relevant method to be used. Going Concern The Group Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Group will continue to be able to meet its liabilities as they fall due for the foreseeable future. The Board has considered this in light of the Company's recapitalisation and debt restructuring efforts, which took the form of a Company Voluntary Arrangement (the "CVA"), which was completed on 19 February 2025. The Directors note that, notwithstanding the debt reduction and capitalisation anticipated by the passage of the CVA referenced above, the Group will need additional funding to continue operations for the foreseeable future. On 23 April 2026, the Company has successfully raised £311,000 through the private placement by the issue of 3,110,000,000 new ordinary shares in the Company at a price of 0.01 pence per ordinary share, to cover the majority of is financial commitments for the next twelve months. The Directors are confident however that the Group will still be able to raise, as required, sufficient cash to enable it to continue its operations to continue to meet, as and when they fall due, its liabilities for at least the next 12 months from the date of approval of the Group Financial Statements. The Group Financial Statements have, therefore, been prepared on the going concern basis. However, as there can be no certainty that over access to future funding by the Company, there exists a material uncertainty as to the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Functional Currency Functional and Presentation Currency The individual financial information of each Group entity is measured in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). The Company's functional currency is UK Pound Sterling (£). All other companies, belonging to the Corpus Group, have US Dollar as their functional currency. The Group Financial Statements are presented in US Dollars ($). Transactions and Balances Transactions in foreign currencies are converted into the respective functional currencies on initial recognition, using the exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period are translated at the rates ruling as of that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated, using exchange rates that existed when the values were determined. All exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss. On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the Group's Pound Sterling operations are translated into the Group's presentational currency (US Dollar) at exchange rates, prevailing at the reporting date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period unless exchange rates have fluctuated significantly during the year, in which case the exchange rate at the date of the transaction is used. All exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised as other comprehensive income and are transferred to the Group's foreign currency translation reserve. Rates applied in these Financial Statements: 2025 2024 Closing USD/GBP rate at 31 December 1.34550 1.2535 Average USD/GBP rate for the year 1.31563 1.2786 Impairment Impairment of Financial Assets All financial assets are assessed at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is any objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events having an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset. For an equity instrument, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value below its cost is considered to be objective evidence of impairment. An impairment loss in respect of financial assets carried at amortised cost is recognised in profit or loss and is measured as the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial asset's original effective interest rate. If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount of the financial asset at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised. When there is a change in the estimates, used to determine the recoverable amount, a subsequent increase in the recoverable amount of an asset is treated as a reversal of the previous impairment loss and is recognised to the extent of the carrying amount of the asset that would have been determined (net of amortisation and depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised. The reversal is recognised in profit or loss immediately, unless the asset is carried at its revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase. Financial Instruments Financial instruments are recognised in the statements of financial position, when the Group has become a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. Financial Assets The Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets carried at amortised cost, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Financial assets are initially measured at fair value and subsequently carried at amortised cost. Financial assets are derecognised, when the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in profit or loss. Amortised Cost These assets incorporate such types of financial assets, where the objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest. They are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or issue and are subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method, less provision for impairment. Impairment provisions receivables are recognised based on the simplified approach within IFRS 9, using a provision matrix in the determination of the lifetime expected credit losses. During this process, the probability of the non-payment of the receivables is assessed. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss, arising from default to determine the lifetime expected credit loss for the receivables. On confirmation that the receivable will not be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision. Impairment provisions for receivables from related parties and loans to related parties are recognised based on a forward-looking expected credit loss model. The methodology, used to determine the amount of the provision, is based on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial asset. For those where the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition of the financial asset, twelve month expected credit losses, along with gross interest income, are recognised. For those for which credit risk has increased significantly but not determined to be credit impaired, lifetime expected credit losses along with the gross interest income are recognised. For those that are determined to be credit impaired, lifetime expected credit losses along with interest income on a net basis are recognised. The Group's financial assets, measured at amortised cost, comprise other receivables and cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand, bank balances, bank overdrafts, deposits with financial institutions and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Financial Liabilities Financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. Financial instruments are classified as liabilities or equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement. Interest, dividends, gains and losses, relating to a financial instrument classified as a liability, are reported as an expense or income. Distributions to holders of financial instruments classified as equity are charged directly to equity. All financial liabi

[truncated]