BETA Close X Imperial Brands PLC has transferred 4,500,000 ordinary shares held in treasury to the Imperial Tobacco Group PLC Employee & Executive Benefit Trust on July 28, 2026, to satisfy outstanding employee share plan awards. Following this transaction, the company now holds 58,089,137 shares in treasury, with the total number of issued shares, excluding treasury shares, standing at 770,808,438. Disclaimer* Imperial Brands PLC 30 July 2026 IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. 549300DFVPOB67JL3A42 Transaction in own shares - Treasury Share Transfer Imperial Brands PLC (the "Company") announces that, on 29 July 2026, it was informed of the transfer, on 28 July 2026, by way of gift of 4,500,000 (four million five hundred thousand) of its ordinary shares of 10 pence each (Shares), which were held in treasury, to the Imperial Tobacco Group PLC Employee & Executive Benefit Trust. The Shares will be used to satisfy awards outstanding under the Company's employee share plans. Following the above transfer, the Company holds 58,089,137 Shares in treasury and the total number of Shares in issue (excluding Shares held in treasury) is 770,808,438. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Imperial Brands (IMB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 32 minutes ago Canal+ SA 46 minutes ago PayPoint 2 hours ago Premier Miton Group 2 hours ago Braemar 3 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and