Disclaimer* Imperial Brands PLC 08 October 2026 IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) No. 549300DFVPOB67JL3A42 8 October 2026 Imperial Brands PLC share buyback tranche of up to £750 million Imperial Brands PLC (the "Company") announced on 8 October 2026, that it intends to repurchase up to £1.5 billion of shares in the period to 29 October 2027. This is part of the Company's commitment to an ongoing, evergreen buyback programme to 2030 that will deliver a material reduction in the capital base over time, which, together with our progressive dividend policy, will provide an ongoing source of shareholder returns. The share repurchase programme is in line with the Company's policy to distribute surplus capital to shareholders, having maintained leverage at the lower end of its 2.0-2.5 times net debt to EBITDA target range and with the intention to remain at this level going forwards. To execute the first tranche of this buyback, the Company has entered into an irrevocable and non-discretionary arrangement with HSBC Bank plc ("HSBC") to buyback up to £750 million of its shares commencing from 8 October 2026 and expected to end no later than 4 May 2027 (the "Programme"). Under this arrangement, HSBC will act as riskless principal and will make decisions under the Programme independently from the Company. Purchases may continue during any closed period to which the Company is subject. The purpose of the share repurchase programme is to reduce the share capital of Imperial Brands. All shares repurchased as part of this arrangement will be cancelled. Share purchases will take place in open market transactions and be carried out on the London Stock Exchange and/or other recognised investment exchange(s) and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume and other factors. Any purchases of ordinary shares by the Company in relation to this announcement will be effected within certain pre-set parameters and in accordance with (and subject to the limits prescribed by) the Company's general authority to repurchase shares. The maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under the Programme is 80,120,000 shares, less shares already repurchased, since the date of the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting ("AGM"), being the number of shares the Company is authorised to purchase pursuant to the authority granted by shareholders at the Company's 2026 AGM. The Company intends to seek renewal of the authority to repurchase shares at its 2027 AGM. The Programme will also be effected within the parameters of the UK Market Abuse Regulation and in accordance with Chapter 9 of the UK Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. The Company confirms that it currently has no unpublished inside information. ENDS Contacts: Tel: John Crosse +44 (0)7484 967 842 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Imperial Brands (IMB) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 41 minutes ago Old Mutual Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Delta Gold Technologies plc 1 hour ago Ten Lifestyle Group 1 hour ago IG Design Group 14 hours ago On The Beach Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Investor Meet Company Ltd Privacy and