Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 28 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 28 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 28 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 28 Item 9B. Other Information 31 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 37 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 31 Item 11. Executive Compensation 31 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 31 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 31 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 31 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 31 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 37 SIGNATURES 38 ii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business General Formed on May 25, 1993, Camden Property Trust, a Texas real estate investment trust ("REIT"), and all consolidated subsidiaries are primarily engaged in the ownership, management, development, reposition, redevelopment, acquisition, and construction of multifamily apartment communities. Unless the context requires otherwise, "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" refer to Camden Property Trust and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our multifamily apartment communities are referred to as "communities," "multifamily communities," "properties," or "multifamily properties" in the following discussion. Our website is located at www.camdenliving.com and we make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). We also make available free of charge on our website our Guidelines on Governance, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethical Conduct for Senior Financial Officers, and the charters of each of our Audit; Compensation; and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committees. Copies are also available, without charge, from Investor Relations, 2800 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 2700, Houston, Texas 77056. References to our website in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on or available through our website and therefore such information should not be considered part of this report. Our annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and other information are electronically filed with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy, and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Narrative Description of Business As of December 31, 2025, we owned interests in, operated, or were developing 175 multifamily properties comprised of 59,921 apartment homes across the United States. Of the 175 properties, three properties were under construction and will consist of a total of 1,162 apartment homes when completed. We also own land holdings which we may develop into multifamily communities in the future. Operating and Business Strategy We believe producing consistent earnings growth through property operations, development and acquisitions, achieving market balance, and recycling capital are crucial factors to our success. We rely heavily on our sophisticated property management capabilities and innovative operating strategies to maximize the earnings potential of our communities. Real Estate Investments and Market Balance. We believe we are in our current markets and have the expertise to take advantage of new opportunities as they arise. These capabilities, combined with what we believe is a conservative financial structure, should allow us to concentrate our growth efforts toward selective opportunities to enhance our strategy of having a geographically diverse portfolio of assets which meet the requirements of our residents. We continue to operate in our core markets which we believe provides an advantage due to economies of scale. We believe, where possible, it is best to operate with a strong base of properties in order to benefit from the personnel allocation and the market strength associated with managing multiple properties in the same market. However, consistent with our goal of generating sustained earnings growth, we intend to selectively dispose of properties and redeploy capital for various strategic reasons, including if we determine an individual property or group of properties or the market in which they are located cannot meet our earnings growth expectations. We try to maximize capital appreciation of our properties by investing in markets characterized by conditions favorable to multifamily property appreciation. These markets generally feature the following: • strong economic growth leading to household formation and job growth, which in turn should support higher demand for our apartments; and • an attractive quality of life, which may lead to higher demand and retention for our apartments and allow us to more readily grow revenue. Subject to market conditions, we intend to continue to seek opportunities to acquire operating communities, develop new communities, and to redevelop and reposition existing communities. We also intend to evaluate our operating property and land development portfolio and plan to continue our practice of selective dispositions and redeploying capital as market conditions warrant and opportunities arise. 1 Table of Contents We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet and preserve our financial flexibility by continuing to focus on our core fundamentals which currently are generating positive cash flows from operations, maintaining appropriate debt levels and leverage ratios, and controlling overhead costs. We intend to meet our and liquidity requirements through a combination of one or more of the following: cash flows generated from operations, draws on our unsecured revolving credit facility and through our commercial paper program, the use of debt and equity offerings under our automatic shelf registration statement, proceeds from property dispositions, equity issued from our ("ATM") share offering programs, other unsecured borrowings, or secured mortgages. Sophisticated Property Management . We believe the depth of our organization enables us to deliver quality services, promote resident satisfaction, and retain residents, thereby increasing our operating revenues and reducing our operating expenses. We manage our properties utilizing a staff of professionals and support personnel, including certified property managers, experienced apartment managers and leasing staff, and trained apartment maintenance technicians. Our personnel are trained to deliver services to our residents and we strive to motivate our employees through incentive compensation arrangements based upon property operational results. Operations. We believe an intense focus on operations is necessary to realize consistent, sustained earnings growth. Ensuring customer satisfaction, increasing rents as market conditions allow, maximizing rent collections (subject to restrictions of applicable law), maintaining property occupancy at optimal levels, and controlling operating costs comprise our principal strategies to maximize property financial results. Lease terms are generally staggered based on vacancy exposure by apartment type such that lease expirations are matched to each property's seasonal rental patterns. Our average lease terms are approximately fourteen months, and our individual property marketing plans are structured to respond to local market conditions. In addition, we conduct ongoing customer service surveys to help ensure timely responses to customers' changing needs and a of satisfaction. Competition There are numerous housing alternatives which compete with our communities in attracting residents. Our properties compete directly with other multifamily properties as well as condominiums, homes, and providers of rentals, which are available for rent or purchase in the markets in which our communities are located. This competitive environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease apartment homes or on the rents realized at our present properties or any or acquired property. Human Capital Management Purpose and Culture. We strive to differentiate ourselves by our culture and talent. How we manage our human capital is critical to how we deliver on our strategy and create sustained growth and value for our shareholders. We strive to improve the lives of our team members, customers, and shareholders one experience at a time. We recognize a great culture is foundational to the success of this vision. Key components in managing our human capital are listed below. Camden's Values. We care deeply about our team members, our residents, and the local communities in which we live, work, and play. We are committed to maintaining a work environment which attracts, retains, and rewards the best and brightest people. We believe our workplace reflects Camden’s nine core values: Customer Focused; People Driven; Team Players; Lead by Example; Results Oriented; Work Smart; Always Do the Right Thing; Act with Integrity; and Have Fun. We believe these values cultivate an environment of respect, fairness, belonging, and fun for all. A Great Place to Work. In addition to our core values, we are committed to creating a great working environment that fosters all team members' , health, and happiness. We believe our team members are given meaningful opportunities to provide feedback and effect change. We are proud of our culture and the recognition we have received as a great place to work, including being recognized nationally as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For® by FORTUNE magazine for 18 consecutive years, most recently ranking #18. Benefits, , and Compensation. We provide health programs, benefits, and compensation to competitively compensate all team members for their contributions to Camden. Our formal programs, which are intended to positively impact team members, include health insurance, paid time off, team member assistance programs, wellness programs, stock ownership programs, retirement savings programs, adoption benefits, emergency relief funds, estate planning assistance, and education assistance. Additionally, we are committed to paying team members at or above a living wage in their location and conduct compensation analyses to promote pay equity and eliminate disparities. Safety. Camden prioritizes workplace safety through comprehensive measures, including mandatory training, monthly meetings, and routine inspections. A safe workplace not only protects our team but also reduces costs, minimizes turnover and absenteeism, and enhances productivity and morale. Training and Development. Our mission, vision, and values are also incorporated into our employee training and development programs. One of our most cherished mantras is "Never Stop Learning." We encourage team members to discover their individual strengths and cultivate new interests. We offer tuition assistance to team members working to earn industry 2 Table of Contents designations from various organizations. We also support team members who want to continue their education at an accredited educational institution through our Education Assistance Program. In addition to these programs, we also help employees improve their personal and professional lives through training and career development, coaching and mentoring, and continuing education programs. Our learning centers are available to all employees and offer courses in subjects related to leadership, management, and operations. In addition to formal training, Camden’s mentoring program supports its newest employees by pairing them with experienced employees to facilitate their process and immerse them in Camden’s values and culture. At December 31, 2025, we had approximately 1,640 employees including executive, community, and administrative personnel. Camden embraces all team members as full and valued members of the organization. Qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust As of December 31, 2025, we met the qualification of a REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). As a result, with the exception of our taxable REIT subsidiaries, we will not be subject to federal income tax to the extent we continue to meet certain requirements of the Code. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Risks Associated with Capital Markets, Credit Markets, and Real Estate Volatility in capital and credit markets, cost increases, or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, either nationally or regionally in one or more of the markets in which we operate, could adversely impact us. The capital and credit markets are subject to volatility and disruption. If we need to incur debt from a source other than our revolving credit facility or our commercial paper program, we cannot be certain the additional financing will be available to the extent required and on acceptable terms. If debt financing on acceptable terms is not available, we may be unable to fully execute our growth strategy, otherwise take advantage of business opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition (including liquidity), and our ability to make distributions to shareholders. Other weakened economic conditions, including job losses, high unemployment levels, stock market volatility, and uncertainty about the future, could adversely affect rental rates and occupancy levels. Unfavorable changes in economic conditions may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and operating results. Additional key economic risks which may adversely affect conditions in the markets in which we operate include the following: • local conditions, such as an oversupply of apartments or other housing available for rent, or a reduction in demand for apartments in the area; • declines in the financial condition of our residents, which may make it more difficult for us to collect rents from some residents; • declines in market rental rates; • low mortgage interest rates and home pricing, making alternative housing more affordable; • government or builder incentives which enable home buyers to put little or no money down, making alternative housing options more attractive; • regional economic downturns, including, but not limited to, business layoffs, downsizing, and increased unemployment, which may impact one or more of our geographical markets; • increased costs, including those driven by tariffs, regulatory changes, or other supplychain cost escalations such as higher prices for materials, equipment, contracted services, compliance requirements, or constraints in global or domestic supply chains; and • global or pandemics, epidemics, or other health crises, and any related measures enacted to prevent their spread or restricting our ability to enforce contractual rental obligations upon our residents. 3 Table of Contents leases could expose us to the effects of declining market rents. Our average lease terms are approximately fourteen months. As these l eases typically permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. We could be negatively impacted by the risks associated with land holdings and related activities. We hold land for future development and may in the future acquire additional land holdings. The risks inherent in purchasing, owning, and developing land increase as demand for apartments, or rental rates, decrease. Real estate markets are highly uncertain and, as a result, the value of undeveloped land may fluctuate significantly. In addition, carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses or reduced profitability. As a result, we hold certain land and may in the future acquire additional land in our development pipeline at a cost we may not be able to fully recover or at a cost which may preclude us from developing a profitable multifamily community. Under current market conditions, in 2025 we recorded impairment charges on two parcels of land. If there are subsequent changes in the fair market value of our land holdings and the resulting value is less than the carrying basis of our land holdings reflected in our financial statements, we may be required to take future impairment charges which would reduce our net income. Risks Associated with Our Operations Development, repositions, redevelopment and construction risks could impact our profitability. We intend to continue to develop, reposition, redevelop, and construct multifamily apartment communities for our portfolio. In 2026, we expect to incur costs between approximately $135 million and $155 million related to the construction of three projects. Additionally, during 2026, we expect to incur costs between approximately $50 million and $60 million related to the start of new development activities, between approximately $77 million and $81 million related to repositions, redevelopment, repurposes, and revenue enhancing expenditures and between approximately $113 million and $117 million of additional recurring capital expenditures. Our development, reposition, redevelopment, and other construction activities may also be exposed to a number of risks which may delay timely completion, increase our construction costs, and/or decrease our profitability, including the following: • inability to obtain, or delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, , building, occupancy, and other required permits and authorizations; • disruptions in the supply of materials or labor, increased materials and labor costs, problems with contractors or subcontractors, or other costs including those arising from tariffs, duties, taxes, or errors and omissions which occur in the design or construction process; • shortages of materials; • inability to obtain financing with favorable terms; • inability to complete construction and/or of a community on schedule; • forecasted occupancy and rental rates may differ from the actual results; and • the incurrence of costs related to the abandonment of development opportunities which we have pursued and subsequently deemed unfeasible. Our inability to successfully implement our development, repositions, redevelopment, and construction strategy could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to satisfy our financial obligations and pay distributions to shareholders. One of our subsidiaries is engaged in the business of providing general contracting services under construction contracts entered between it and third parties. The terms of those construction contracts generally require this subsidiary to estimate the time and costs to complete a project and assumes the risk when these estimates are greater than anticipated. As a result, profitability on those contracts is dependent on the ability to accurately predict these factors. The time and costs necessary to complete a project may be affected by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, those listed above, many of which are beyond this subsidiary’s control. In addition, the terms of those contracts generally require this subsidiary to warrant its work for a period of time during which it may be required to repair, replace, or rebuild work. Further, trailing liabilities, based on various legal theories such as claims of negligent construction, may result from such projects, and these trailing liabilities may go on for a number of years depending on the length of the statute of repose in the applicable jurisdictions. 4 Table of Contents Our acquisition strategy may not produce the cash flows expected. We may acquire additional operating properties on a selective basis. Our acquisition activities are subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, the following: • we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired properties into our existing operations; • our estimates of the costs, if any, of repositioning or redeveloping the acquired property may prove inaccurate; • the expected occupancy, rental rates, and operating expenses may differ from the actual results; • we may not be able to obtain adequate financing; and • we may not be able to identify suitable candidates on terms acceptable to us and may not achieve expected returns or other benefits as a result of integration challenges, such as personnel and technology. Changes in rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations and property values . Certain states and local municipalities have adopted rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, imposing restrictions on amounts of rent increases which may be charged. There are a number of additional states and local municipalities in which we operate also considering or being urged by advocacy groups to consider imposing rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations could limit our ability to enforce contractual rental obligations, increase rents, charge certain fees, evict residents, or recover increases in our operating expenses and could make it more difficult to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. The terms of laws and regulations recently enacted, future laws and regulations which may be enacted, as well as any lawsuits against us arising from such issues, could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and could reduce the value of our operating properties. Failure to qualify as a REIT could have adverse consequences. We may not continue to qualify as a REIT in the future and the Internal Revenue Service may challenge our qualification as a REIT for prior years. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year we may be subject to federal and state income taxes for such year and we may not be able to requalify as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years and may be subject to federal and state income taxes in those years as well. This may also impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital which may adversely affect the value of our common shares. We may face other tax liabilities in the future which may impact our cash flow. These potential tax liabilities may be calculated on our income or property values at either the corporate or individual property levels. Any additional tax expense incurred would decrease the cash available for cash distributions to our common shareholders and interest holders. Additionally, in order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute annual dividends to our shareholders equal to a minimum of 90% of our adjusted taxable income. Tax laws may continue to change at any time and any such legislative or other actions could have a negative effect on us. Tax laws remain under constant review by persons involved in the legislative process, at the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of Treasury, and by various state and local tax authorities. Future changes in tax laws including administrative interpretations, enacted tax rates, or new pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could adversely affect us in a number of ways, including making it more difficult or more costly for us to qualify as a REIT. A cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business. We use technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations, including internet and systems and applications. We also use mobile devices, social networking, outside vendors, and various platforms to connect with our employees, suppliers, and residents. As we have incorporated and may continue to incorporate the use of generative artificial intelligence and other advancing technologies, any breach, interruption, or security failure of those technologies, or any with applicable laws, could have a negative impact on our business operations, results of operations, financial condition, or reputation. Information security risks have escalated as a result of these emerging technologies and the heightened sophistication and activity levels of perpetrators. can include third parties gaining unauthorized access to our data, including sensitive information about our residents, as well as our vendors' data or information technology systems. These attacks may occur through stolen credentials, computer malware, phishing attacks, ransomware, and other deliberate attempts to compromise information security. 5 Table of Contents Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and confidential information and intellectual property, including residents' and suppliers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about us. As we pursue our strategy to grow through acquisitions and developments and new initiatives to improve our operations, we are also expanding our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with our operations, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks and may be liable for consequential litigation and remediation costs. Additionally, the measures we have implemented to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents may not be effective and there can be no complete assurance of prevention or anticipation of such incidents. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive data, confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of residents, potential liability, and competitive disadvantage, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We rely on, or may rely in the future on, certain service and software providers to host systems, provide key software, and to supply and store our sensitive data in a secure manner. These third parties face potential risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours which could disrupt their businesses and adversely impact us. While we provide guidance and specific requirements, in some cases, we do not directly control their information technology security operations or the amount of investment they place in guarding against cybersecurity threats. Accordingly, we are subject to any flaws or breaches in their information technology systems, or those which they operate for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Risks Associated with Our Indebtedness and Financing We have significant debt, which could have adverse consequences. As of December 31, 2025, we had outstanding debt of approximately $3.9 billion. This indebtedness could have adverse consequences including but not limited to, the following: • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in business and industry conditions. The notes related to our properties subject to secured debt, our unsecured term loan, unsecured revolving credit facility, and commercial paper program, and the indenture under which our unsecured debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements, and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining compliance with these provisions could limit our financial flexibility. A default in these provisions, if uncured, could require us to repay the indebtedness before the scheduled maturity date which could adversely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. Insufficient cash flows could limit our ability to make required payments for debt obligations or pay distributions to shareholders. Substantially all of our income is derived from rental and other income from our multifamily communities. As a result, our performance depends in large part on our ability to collect rent from residents, which could be negatively affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the following: • delay in resident lease commencements; • decline in occupancy; • failure of residents to make rental payments when due; • the attractiveness of our properties to residents and potential residents; • our ability to adequately manage and maintain our communities; • competition from other available apartments and housing alternatives; • changes in market rents; • increases in expenses, including from tariffs; and • changes in governmental regulations such as eviction moratoriums, rent control, or stabilization laws regulating rental housing. 6 Table of Contents Cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest with respect to debt financing. In order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute annual dividends to our shareholders equal to a minimum of 90% of our adjusted taxable income. This requirement limits the cash available to meet required principal payments on our debt. Issuances of additional debt may adversely impact our financial condition. Our capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including the rental and occupancy rates of our multifamily properties, minimum dividend requirements to our equity holders, development, redevelopment and other capital expenditures, costs of operations, and potential acquisitions. If our capital requirements vary materially from our plans, we may require additional financing earlier than anticipated. If we issue more debt we could become more leveraged, resulting in increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in our debt service requirements, both of which could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to access debt and equity capital markets in the future. We may be unable to renew, repay, or refinance our outstanding debt. We are subject to the risk our indebtedness will not be renewed, repaid, or refinanced when due or the terms of any renewal or refinancing will not be as favorable as the existing terms of such indebtedness. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, we might be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties on disadvantageous terms, which might result in losses to us. Such losses could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to pay amounts due on our debt and make distributions to our shareholders. Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity, and access to capital markets. Fitch, Moody's, and Standard & Poor's, the major debt rating agencies, routinely evaluate our debt and have given us investment grade ratings of A- with stable outlook, A3 with stable outlook, and A- with stable outlook, respectively, on our senior unsecured debt as of December 31, 2025. These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings. Due to changes in market conditions, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, and access to capital markets. Risks Associated with Our Shares Share ownership limits and our ability to issue additional equity securities may prevent takeovers beneficial to shareholders. For us to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must have 100 or more shareholders during the year and not more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals. As defined for federal income tax purposes, the term "individuals" includes a number of specified entities. To minimize the possibility of us failing to qualify as a REIT under this test, our declaration of trust includes restrictions on transfers of our shares and ownership limits. The ownership limits, as well as our ability to issue other classes of equity securities, may delay, defer, or prevent a change in control. These provisions may also deter tender offers for our common shares which may be attractive to you or limit your opportunity to receive a premium for your shares which might otherwise exist if a third party were attempting to effect a change in control transaction. The form, timing, and amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations. The form, timing, and amount of dividend distributions are declared at the discretion of our Board of Trust Managers and depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, expected future capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, and other factors as the Board of Trust Managers may consider relevant. The Board of Trust Managers may also modify the form, timing, and amount of dividends in the future. General Risk Factors Litigation risks could affect our business. As an owner, manager, and developer of multifamily properties, we may incur liability based on various conditions at our properties and the buildings thereon, and we also have become and in the future may become involved in legal proceedings, including consumer, employment, tort, antitrust, or commercial litigation, which if decided adversely to or settled by us, and not adequately covered by insurance, could result in liabilities which are material to our financial condition or results of operations. 7 Table of Contents Damage from catastrophic weather and other natural events could result in losses. A certain number of our properties are located in areas which have experienced and may in the future experience catastrophic weather and other natural events from , including fires, snow or ice storms, windstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, or other environmental events. These adverse weather or natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed our insurance coverage. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, anticipated future revenue from the property, and could also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition could adversely affect our ability to acquire properties. We expect other real estate investors will compete with us to acquire additional operating properties. This competition could increase prices for the type of properties we would likely pursue and adversely affect our ability to acquire these properties or achieve the expected profitability of such properties upon acquisition. We could be adversely impacted due to our share price fluctuations. The market price and trading volume of our common shares are subject to fluctuation due to general market conditions, the risks discussed in this report and other matters, including, but not limited to, the following: • operating results which vary from the expectations of securities' analysts and investors; • investor interest in our property portfolio; • the reputation and performance of REITs; • the attractiveness of REITs as compared to other investment vehicles; • the results of our financial condition and operations; • the perception of our growth and earnings potential; • minimum dividend requirements; • increases in market interest rates may lower the values of our real estate and the price of our shares; and • changes in financial markets and national and regional economic and general market conditions. Rising interest rates could increase our borrowing costs, lower the value of our real estate, and decrease our share price, leading investors to seek higher yields through other investments . As of the date of this filing, we have an unsecured term loan with varying interest rates dependent upon various market indexes. In addition, we have an unsecured revolving credit facility and utilize a commercial paper program bearing interest at variable rates on all amounts drawn and a senior unsecured note which has been converted into a floating rate instrument through an interest rate swap arrangement. We may incur other additional variable rate debt in the future. Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense, unless we make arrangements which hedge against rising interest rates, and would also increase the costs associated with refinancing existing debt and issuing new debt. Accordingly, higher interest rates could adversely affect cash flow, net income, and cash available for payment of our debt obligations and distributions to shareholders. An environment of rising interest rates may also result in a decrease in the value of our real estate and a decrease in the market price of our shares, which may lead holders of our securities to seek higher yields through other investments. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 8 Table of Contents Item 1C. Cybersecurity Addressing cybersecurity risks is a priority for us. We maintain systems of internal controls, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery plans, and we regularly assess these systems to address cybersecurity and technology related risks. Our cybersecurity program ("CSP") is evaluated against the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Cybersecurity Framework ("NIST CSF") and the Center for Internet Security control framework. In addition to a dedicated information technology cybersecurity team monitoring daily operations, we conduct annual assessments of our CSP against NIST CSF benchmarks and prioritize continuous improvement. We apply factors such as business risk tolerance and external compliance requirements to determine whether a business asset, data, system, process, or service provider should fall within the scope of the CSP. We require annual cybersecurity awareness training for all employees to help identify and report potential or actual issues promptly. Our information technology cybersecurity team also undertakes regular advanced training to enhance awareness, internal expertise, and readiness. We install and routinely update antivirus software on all systems and workstations to detect and prevent malicious code. To raise awareness of critical security threats, we conduct ongoing security breach and phishing simulations. Periodically, we run tabletop exercises involving members of the Company's management team to simulate responses to cybersecurity incidents and use the findings to strengthen our policies and procedures. Additionally, we maintain cybersecurity insurance to cover certain losses and damages caused by a cybersecurity incident. All service providers or vendors within our cybersecurity framework are required to comply with our policies regarding personal information and information security. Our CSP is led by our Senior Vice President - Strategic Services and Chief Information Officer ("CIO") and our Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO"). Our CIO also serves as the Chair of our Cybersecurity Executive Oversight Committee ("CEOC"), comprised of our CISO and other senior executives representing various teams and functions of the Company including legal, finance, accounting, investor relations, and operations. The CEOC supports efforts to evaluate the materiality of any incident, determines whether notice to third parties such as residents or vendors is required, and determines whether any disclosures to stakeholders are required. The CEOC is also responsible for ensuring Company's management and Board of Trust Managers ("Board") are fully aware of key activities and events associated with our CSP on an ongoing basis. Our entire Board is actively involved in overseeing risk management and the Audit Committee, in accordance with the Audit Committee Charter, provides oversight of management's guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessments and risks are managed, including the Company’s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee also discusses with management the processes undertaken to evaluate our systems of disclosure controls and procedures, including those relating to cybersecurity risk management. Our CIO reports quarterly to the Audit Committee and Board regarding cybersecurity matters, including emerging cybersecurity threats, the risk landscape, and updates on our CSP and related readiness, resiliency, and response efforts. We, like other businesses, have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to attempts of unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse, computer viruses or malware, , intrusions, and other events of varying degrees. To date, we have not experienced a material cybersecurity incident nor are we aware of any of our outside service providers experiencing such an incident. For a discussion on certain of the Company’s cybersecurity-related risks, see Item 1A under the heading “Risk Associated with Our Operations - A cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business. ” Item 2. Properties The Properties Our properties typically consist of buildings or two and buildings in a landscaped setting, as well as buildings, and provide residents with a variety of amenities common to multifamily rental properties. Operating Properties The 172 operating properties in which we owned interests and operated at December 31, 2025 averaged 967 square feet of living area per apartment home. For the year ended December 31, 2025, no single operating property accounted for greater than 1.5% of our total revenues. Our stabilized operating properties had a weighted average occupancy rate of approximately 95% for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, an average monthly rental rate per apartment home of $2,006 and $1,997 for the same periods, respectively and our average resident lease terms are approximately fourteen months. 9 Table of Contents The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our 172 operating properties at December 31, 2025: Location Number of Operating Properties Number of Homes Average Home Size (Sq. Ft.) Average Occupancy (1) Average Monthly Rental Rate per Home (2) Atlanta, Georgia 14 4,270 1,036 95.4 % $ 1,901 Austin, Texas 12 4,038 900 94.9 1,569 Charlotte, North Carolina 15 3,510 936 95.1 1,796 Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas 14 5,940 920 95.2 1,699 Denver, Colorado 9 2,873 957 95.9 2,139 Houston, Texas 23 8,207 986 94.8 1,746 Los Angeles/Orange County, California 5 1,812 942 95.1 2,883 Nashville, Tennessee 3 1,193 891 93.9 2,090 Orlando, Florida 12 4,276 952 95.9 1,907 Phoenix/Scottsdale, Arizona 13 4,094 1,012 94.9 1,975 Raleigh, North Carolina 11 4,041 992 95.3 1,649 San Diego/Inland Empire, California 6 1,797 1,009 95.8 2,808 Southeast Florida 9 3,050 1,065 95.3 2,688 Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida 9 3,464 1,003 95.4 2,322 Washington, D.C. Metro 17 6,194 913 96.8 2,364 (1) Represents the average physical occupancy for the year except for development properties, where average occupancy is calculated from the date the property exceeded 90% occupancy through December 31, 2025, and for acquisitions, where average occupancy is calculated from the acquisition date. (2) The average monthly rental rate per home incorporates vacant units and resident concessions calculated on a basis over the life of the lease. Our operating properties were constructed and placed in service as follows: Year Placed in Service Number of Operating Properties 2021-2025 12 2016-2020 29 2011-2015 20 2006-2010 31 2001-2005 31 Prior to 2001 49 Item 3. Legal Proceedings We incorporate by reference into this Item our litigation disclosures made in Note 13. "Commitments and Contingencies" to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 10 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange and NYSE Texas under the symbol "CPT." As of February 5, 2026, there were approximately 241 shareholders of record. This number does not include the beneficial owners of our shares which are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. In the first quarter of 2026, the Company's Board of Trust Managers declared a first quarter dividend of $1.06 per common share to our common shareholders of record as of March 31, 2026. Future dividend payments are paid at the discretion of the Board of Trust Managers and a number of factors are considered, including the Company's past performance and future prospects, which may be deemed relevant by our Board of Trust Managers. Assuming similar dividend distributions for the remainder of 2026, our annualized dividend rate for 2026 would be $4.24. The following graph assumes the investment of $100 in common stock on December 31, 2020 and quarterly reinvestment of dividends. (Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence) 5 - Year Total Return Performance of Indices Index 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Camden Property Trust $ 183.18 $ 118.01 $ 108.99 $ 132.22 $ 130.26 FTSE NAREIT Equity REITs Index 143.24 108.34 123.21 133.97 137.83 S&P 500 Index 128.71 105.40 133.10 166.40 196.16 Russell 2000 Index 114.82 91.35 106.82 119.14 134.40 11 Table of Contents We have a share repurchase plan approved by our Board of Trust Managers which allows for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our common equity securities through purchases, block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. We made the following share repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2025: Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan or Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Program (2) October 1, 2025 - October 31, 2025 — $ — — $ 400,023,718 November 1, 2025 - November 30, 2025 241,237 102.53 241,237 375,289,861 December 1, 2025 - December 31, 2025 1,824,039 107.39 1,824,039 179,409,719 Total 2,065,276 $ 106.82 2,065,276 (1) Average Price Paid Per Share excludes cash paid for commissions. (2) We have a share repurchase plan approved by our Board of Trust Managers in October 2022, which allows for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our common equity securities through purchases, block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase plan does not specify an expiration date. In 2025, we repurchased 2,531,018 common shares at an average price of $106.92 per share for approximately $270.7 million. In January 2026, we repurchased 1,096,807 common shares at an average price of $110.03 per share for approximately $120.7 million. In February 2026, our Board of Trust Managers authorized a new $600.0 million share repurchase plan which allows for the repurchase of our common equity securities through purchases, block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. This new plan terminated and replaced our previous share repurchase plan, which had approximately $58.6 million remaining for repurchases at the time it was terminated. As of the date of this filing, the full $600.0 million authorized under the new plan remained available for repurchases. In May 2023, we created an ("ATM") share offering program through which we can, but have no obligation to, sell common shares for an aggregate offering amount of up to $500.0 million (the "2023 ATM program"), in amounts and at times as we determine, into the existing trading market at current market prices as well as through negotiated transactions. Actual sales from time to time may depend on a variety of factors including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common shares, and determinations by management of the appropriate sources of funding for us. We intend to use the proceeds from any sale of our common shares under the 2023 ATM program for general corporate purposes, which may include reducing future borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility or commercial paper program, the repayment of other indebtedness, the redemption or other repurchase of outstanding debt or equity securities, funding for development activities, and financing for acquisitions. The 2023 ATM program also permits the use of forward sale agreements which allows us to lock in a share price on the sale of common shares at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of the applicable shares until a later date. If we enter into a forward sale agreement, we expect the applicable forward purchasers will borrow from third parties and, through the applicable sales agent acting in its role as forward seller, sell a number of common shares equal to the number of shares underlying the applicable agreement. Under this scenario, we would not initially receive any proceeds from any sale of borrowed shares by the forward seller and would expect to physically settle each forward sale agreement with the relevant forward purchaser on or prior to the maturity date of a particular forward sale agreement by issuing our common shares in return for the receipt of aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of common shares underlying the particular forward sale agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, at our sole discretion, we may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case we may not receive any proceeds from the issuance of common shares, and we will instead receive or pay cash (in the case of cash settlement) or receive or deliver common shares (in the case of net share settlement). As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into any forward sales agreement and have not sold any shares under the 2023 ATM program. In May 2022, we created an ATM share offering program through which we could, but had no obligation to, sell common shares for an aggregate offering amount of up to $500.0 million (the "2022 ATM program"). In May 2023, we terminated the 2022 ATM program and did not sell any shares under this program. Information related to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans will be included in our Proxy Statement. See Part III, Item 12 for further discussion. During the year ended December 31, 2025, neither the Company nor any director or officer (as each such term is defined in Section 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) of the Company adopted, terminated, or had in place, any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of Camden intended to satisfy the 12 Table of Contents affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any " 10b5-1 trading arrangement", as defined in paragraph (c) of Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 6. Reserved Not applicable. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes appearing elsewhere in this report. Historical results and trends which might appear in the consolidated financial statements should not be interpreted as being indicative of future operations. Discussion of our comparisons between 2025 and 2024 is presented below. comparisons between 2024 and 2023 can be found in "Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. We consider portions of this report to be " " within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, both as amended, with respect to our expectations for future periods. statements do not discuss historical fact, but instead include statements related to expectations, projections, intentions, or other items relating to the future; statements are not guarantees of future performance, results, or events. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance our expectations will be achieved. Any statements contained herein which are not statements of historical fact should be deemed statements. Reliance should not be placed on these statements as these statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors beyond our control and could differ materially from our actual results and performance. Factors which may cause our actual results or performance to differ materially from those contemplated by statements include, but are not limited to, the following: • Volatility in capital and credit markets, cost increases, or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, either nationally or regionally in one or more of the markets in which we operate, could adversely impact us; • leases could expose us to the effects of declining market rents; • We could be negatively impacted by the risks associated with land holdings and related activities; • Development, repositions, redevelopment and construction risks could impact our profitability; • Our acquisition strategy may not produce the cash flows expected; • Changes in rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations and property values; • Failure to qualify as a REIT could have adverse consequences; • Tax laws may continue to change at any time and any such legislative or other actions could have a negative effect on us; • A cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business; • We have significant debt, which could have adverse consequences; • Insufficient cash flows could limit our ability to make required payments for debt obligations or pay distributions to shareholders; • Issuances of additional debt may adversely impact our financial condition; • We may be unable to renew, repay, or refinance our outstanding debt; • Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity, and access to capital markets; • Share ownership limits and our ability to issue additional equity securities may prevent takeovers beneficial to shareholders; • The form, timing, and amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations; • Litigation risks could affect our business; 13 Table of Contents • Damage from catastrophic weather and other natural events could result in losses; • Competition could adversely affect our ability to acquire properties; • We could be adversely impacted due to our share price fluctuations; and • Rising interest rates could increase our borrowing costs, lower the value of our real estate, and decrease our share price, leading investors to seek higher yields through other investments. These statements represent our estimates and assumptions as of the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update or supplement statements because of subsequent events. Executive Summary We are primarily engaged in the ownership, management, development, reposition, redevelopment, acquisition, and construction of multifamily apartment communities. Overall, we focus on investing in markets characterized by economic conditions, strong employment, and attractive quality of life which we believe leads to higher demand and retention of our apartments. As of December 31, 2025, we owned interests in, operated, or were developing 175 multifamily properties comprised of 59,921 apartment homes across the United States as detailed in the Property Portfolio table below. In addition, we own other land holdings which we may develop into multifamily apartment communities in the future. Business Environment and Current Outlook Our results for the year ended December 31, 2025, reflect an increase in same store revenues of approximately 0.8% as compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher revenues from other income and favorable changes in occupancy, which we believe was primarily attributable to favorable demographics with a higher propensity to rent versus buy and continued demand for multifamily housing in our markets. We believe the levels of new multifamily supply in the submarkets and asset classes in which we operate are manageable and moderating levels of new supply should be met with continued demand to absorb these new deliveries. However, if this were to change or other economic conditions were to worsen, our operating results could be adversely affected. Consolidated Results Net income attributable to common shareholders was $384.5 million and $163.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily due to an increase in gains on sales of operating properties and a lower impairment charge associated with land development activities in 2025 as compared to 2024. The increase was partially offset by higher depreciation expense and amortization of leases relating to the acquisition of four operating properties completed in 2025. See further discussion of our 2025 operations as compared to 2024 in "Results of Operations," below. Construction and Development Activity At December 31, 2025, we had a total of three projects under construction to be comprised of 1,162 apartment homes. Initial occupancy for these projects is expected to begin within the next two years. As of December 31, 2025, we estimated the remaining cost to complete the construction of these properties to be approximately $213.8 million. We review our assets on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and our impairment evaluations take into consideration the current and anticipated economic climate. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we recorded an impairment charge of approximately $12.9 million related to two undeveloped land parcels as the estimated fair value was less than its book value. We currently have two other land parcels held for future development we plan to develop, and the commencement of future developments may be impacted by macroeconomic issues, multifamily market conditions, and other factors. We will continue to evaluate future development starts based on market, economic, and capital market conditions. There can be no assurance we will not have impairment charges in the future. 14 Table of Contents Acquisitions In 2025, we acquired four operating properties, consisting of a 352-apartment home community in Leander, Texas in January, a 435-apartment home community in Nashville, Tennessee in February, a 360-apartment home community in Clearwater, Florida in May, and a 322-apartment home community in Orlando, Florida in December for approximately $422.9 million. Dispositions In 2025, we completed five dispositions consisting of one operating property in Houston, Texas in June, one operating property in Houston, Texas and one operating property in Irving, Texas in July, and one operating property in Houston, Texas and one operating property in Phoenix, Arizona in November for a total of approximately $374.5 million and recognized a total gain of approximately $260.9 million. Capital Market Highlights In February 2025, we established a commercial paper program (the "Program") under which we may issue the commercial paper notes (the "Notes") under the exemption from registration contained in Section (4)(1) of the Securities Act. Amounts available under the Program may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed from time to time, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the Notes outstanding under the Program at any time not to exceed $600.0 million. At December 31, 2025, we had an aggregate of $590.0 million principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Program which had a weighted average interest rate of 3.84%. In 2025, we repurchased 2,531,018 common shares at an average price of $106.92 per share for approximately $270.7 million. Subsequent Events In January 2026, we repurchased 1,096,807 common shares at an average price of $110.03 per share for approximately $120.7 million. In February 2026, our Board of Trust Managers authorized a new $600.0 million share repurchase plan which allows for the repurchase of our common equity securities through purchases, block purchases, and privately negotiated transactions. This new plan terminated and replaced our previous share repurchase plan, which had approximately $58.6 million remaining for repurchases at the time it was terminated. As of the date of this filing, the full $600.0 million authorized under the new plan remained available for repurchases. Future Outlook Subject to market conditions, we intend to continue to seek opportunities to acquire operating communities, develop new communities, and to redevelop and reposition existing communities. We also intend to evaluate our operating property and land development portfolios and plan to continue our practice of selective dispositions and redeploying capital as market conditions warrant and opportunities arise. We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet and preserve our financial flexibility by continuing to focus on our core fundamentals which currently are generating positive cash flows from operations, maintaining appropriate debt levels and leverage ratios, and controlling overhead costs. We intend to meet our and liquidity requirements through a combination of one or more of the following: cash flows generated from operations, draws on our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, the use of debt and equity offerings under our automatic shelf registration statement, proceeds from property dispositions, equity issued from our 2023 ("ATM") program, other unsecured borrowings, or secured mortgages. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1.2 billion available under our unsecured revolving credit facility, which we have at our option, the ability to extend to August 2027 and the ability to increase the facility up to $500 million subject to certain conditions. We currently plan to use our unsecured revolving credit facility as a liquidity backstop for borrowings under our commercial paper program. At December 31, 2025, we had $590.0 million outstanding under our commercial paper program. Over the next 12 months, contractual debt maturities include these commercial paper borrowings as well as other debt obligations of $567.8 million. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, and through the date of this filing, we also had common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to $500.0 million remaining available for sale under our 2023 ATM program. We believe we are with a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity to fund future acquisitions, new development, redevelopment, and other capital funding requirements. We will, however, continue to assess and take further actions we believe are prudent to meet our objectives and capital requirements. 15 Table of Contents Property Portfolio Our multifamily property portfolio is summarized as follows: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Number of Homes Properties Number of Homes Properties Operating Properties Houston, Texas 8,207 23 9,531 28 Washington, D.C. Metro 6,194 17 6,192 17 Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas 5,940 14 6,224 15 Orlando, Florida 4,276 12 3,954 11 Atlanta, Georgia 4,270 14 4,270 14 Phoenix, Arizona 4,094 13 4,426 14 Raleigh, North Carolina 4,041 11 3,672 10 Austin, Texas 4,038 12 3,686 11 Charlotte, North Carolina 3,510 15 3,510 15 Tampa/St. Petersburg, Florida 3,464 9 3,104 8 Southeast Florida 3,050 9 3,050 9 Denver, Colorado 2,873 9 2,873 9 Los Angeles/Orange County, California 1,812 5 1,811 5 San Diego/Inland Empire, California 1,797 6 1,797 6 Nashville, Tennessee 1,193 3 758 2 Total Operating Properties 58,759 172 58,858 174 Properties Under Construction Charlotte, North Carolina 769 2 769 2 Nashville, Tennessee 393 1 — — Raleigh, North Carolina — — 369 1 Total Properties Under Construction 1,162 3 1,138 3 Total Properties 59,921 175 59,996 177 Stabilized Communities We generally consider a property stabilized once it reaches 90% occupancy. During the year ended December 31, 2025, stabilization was achieved at three operating properties as follows: Properties and Locations Number of Homes Date of Construction Completion Date of Stabilization Operating Properties Camden Woodmill Creek 189 2Q24 2Q25 Spring, TX Camden Durham 420 4Q24 3Q25 Durham, NC Camden Long Meadow Farms 188 4Q24 4Q25 Richmond, TX Total 797 16 Table of Contents Completed Construction in At December 31, 2025, there was one completed operating property in as follows: ($ in millions) Property and Location Number of Homes Cost Incurred (1) % Leased at 1/31/2026 Date of Construction Completion Estimated Date of Stabilization Operating Property Camden Village District 369 $ 139.2 60 % 3Q25 1Q27 Raleigh, NC Consolidated total 369 $ 139.2 (1) Excludes leasing costs, which are expensed as incurred. Properties Under Development and Land Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2025 included approximately $419.2 million related to properties under development and land. Of this amount, approximately $278.2 million related to our projects currently under construction. In addition, we had approximately $141.0 million primarily invested in land held for future development and land holdings, which included approximately $96.1 million related to land held for future development and $44.9 million invested in land which we may develop in the future. Properties Under Construction. At December 31, 2025, we had three properties in various stages of construction as follows: ($ in millions) Properties and Locations Number of Homes Estimated Cost Cost Incurred Included in Properties Under Development Estimated Date of Construction Completion Estimated Date of Stabilization Communities Under Construction Camden South Charlotte 420 $ 157.0 $ 117.3 $ 117.3 2Q27 4Q28 Charlotte, NC Camden Blakeney 349 151.0 84.3 84.3 3Q27 3Q28 Charlotte, NC Camden Nations 393 184.0 76.6 76.6 3Q28 2Q30 Nashville, TN Total 1,162 $ 492.0 $ 278.2 $ 278.2 Development Pipeline Communities . At December 31, 2025, we had the following communities undergoing development activities: ($ in millions) Properties and Locations Projected Homes Total Estimated Cost (1) Cost to Date Camden Baker 434 $ 191.0 $ 40.1 Denver, CO Camden Gulch 498 300.0 56.0 Nashville, TN 932 $ 491.0 $ 96.1 (1) Represents our estimate of total costs we expect to incur on these projects. However, statements are not guarantees of future performance, results, or events. Although we believe these expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions, future events rarely develop exactly as forecasted and estimates routinely require adjustment. Land Holdings . At December 31, 2025, we also had four undeveloped land tracts with a valuation of approximately $44.9 million. 17 Table of Contents Geographic Diversification At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the book value of our real estate assets by various markets, excluding depreciation, were as follows: ($ in thousands) 2025 2024 Houston, Texas $ 1,926,359 13.8 % $ 2,069,477 15.4 % Washington, D.C. Metro 1,663,030 11.9 1,646,169 12.2 Dallas, Texas 1,099,083 7.8 1,102,231 8.2 Atlanta, Georgia 961,372 6.9 942,939 7.0 Charlotte, North Carolina 901,258 6.4 777,256 5.8 Orlando, Florida 890,023 6.3 793,351 5.9 Tampa, Florida 886,794 6.3 739,250 5.5 Phoenix, Arizona 882,210 6.3 917,771 6.8 Austin, Texas 815,747 5.8 727,466 5.4 Raleigh, North Carolina 812,772 5.8 782,333 5.8 Southeast Florida 794,104 5.7 775,031 5.8 Los Angeles/Orange County, California 682,145 4.9 678,633 5.1 Denver, Colorado 652,238 4.7 632,133 4.7 Nashville, Tennessee 547,047 3.9 379,607 2.8 San Diego/Inland Empire, California 485,450 3.5 479,881 3.6 Total $ 13,999,632 100.0 % $ 13,443,528 100.0 % Results of Operations Changes in revenues and expenses related to our operating properties from are due primarily to the performance of stabilized properties in the portfolio, the of properties, and the impact of acquisitions and dispositions. Management considers property net operating income ("NOI") to be an appropriate supplemental measure of operating performance to net income because it reflects the operating performance of our communities without an allocation of corporate level property management overhead or general and administrative costs. We define NOI as total property revenue less total property operating expenses. NOI is further detailed in the NOI table as seen below, and is not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our operating performance. Additionally, NOI as disclosed by other REITs may not be comparable to our calculation. 18 Table of Contents Reconciliations of net income to NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: (in thousands) 2025 2024 Net income $394,898 $170,840 Less: Fee and asset management income (12,967) (7,137) Less: Interest and other income (256) (4,420) Less: Income on deferred compensation plans (19,260) (12,629) Plus: Property management expense 37,452 38,331 Plus: Fee and asset management expense 3,074 2,200 Plus: General and administrative expense 79,344 72,365 Plus: Interest expense 138,239 129,815 Plus: Depreciation and amortization expense 611,025 582,014 Plus: Expense on deferred compensation plans 19,260 12,629 Plus: Impairment associated with land development activities 12,916 40,988 Plus: Loss on early retirement of debt — 921 Less: Gain on sale of operating properties (260,910) (43,806) Plus: Income tax expense 4,019 2,926 Net operating income $ 1,006,834 $ 985,037 NOI (1) Property NOI, as reconciled above, is detailed further into the categories below for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 2024: Number of Homes at Year Ended December 31, Change ($ in thousands) 12/31/2025 2025 2024 $ % Property revenues: Same store communities 54,625 $ 1,453,229 $ 1,442,248 $ 10,981 0.8 % store communities 3,765 78,094 45,542 32,552 71.5 Development and communities 1,531 2,185 — 2,185 * Dispositions/other — 40,036 56,052 (16,016) (28.6) Total property revenues 59,921 $ 1,573,544 $ 1,543,842 $ 29,702 1.9 % Property expenses: Same store communities 54,625 $ 516,732 $ 508,107 $ 8,625 1.7 % store communities 3,765 31,491 19,987 11,504 57.6 Development and communities 1,531 1,500 6 1,494 * Dispositions/other — 16,987 30,705 (13,718) (44.7) Total property expenses 59,921 $ 566,710 $ 558,805 $ 7,905 1.4 % Property NOI: Same store communities 54,625 $ 936,497 $ 934,141 $ 2,356 0.3 % store communities 3,765 46,603 25,555 21,048 82.4 Development and communities 1,531 685 (6) 691 * Dispositions/other — 23,049 25,347 (2,298) (9.1) Total property NOI 59,921 $ 1,006,834 $ 985,037 $ 21,797 2.2 % * Not a meaningful percentage. 19 Table of Contents (1) For 2025, same store communities are communities we owned and were stabilized since January 1, 2024, excluding communities under redevelopment and properties held for sale. store communities are stabilized communities not owned or stabilized since January 1, 2024, including communities under redevelopment and excluding properties held for sale. We define communities under redevelopment as communities with capital expenditures that improve a community's cash flow and competitive position through extensive unit, exterior building, common area, and amenity upgrades. Management believes same store information is useful as it allows both management and investors to determine financial results over a particular period for the same set of communities. Development and communities are communities we have developed since January 1, 2024, excluding properties held for sale. Dispositions/other includes those communities disposed of or held for sale which are not classified as discontinued operations, rental properties, expenses related to land holdings not under active development, and other miscellaneous revenues and expenses, including net above or below market leases, expenses net of recoveries, and severance related costs. Same Store Analysis Same store property NOI increased approximately $2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was due to an increase of approximately $11.0 million in same store property revenues, partially offset by an increase of approximately $8.6 million in same store property expenses, for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024. The $11.0 million increase in same store property revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, was primarily due to an increase of approximately $4.5 million from our utility and ancillary income programs, approximately $3.6 million due to favorable changes in occupancy, $1.9 million of lower uncollectible revenues, and approximately $0.8 million increase from other rental income. The $8.6 million increase in same store property expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, was primarily due to higher salaries and benefits of $3.0 million, higher general and administrative and marketing and leasing expenses of approximately $2.8 million, higher utilities of approximately $2.3 million, and higher repair and maintenance expense of approximately $0.5 million. Store and Development and Analysis Property NOI from store and development and communities increased approximately $21.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was related to higher NOI from our store communities of approximately $21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of four operating properties completed in 2025, and the stabilization of one operating property in 2024 and three additional properties in 2025. The increase was also related to higher NOI from our development and communities of $0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was primarily due to the timing of for one operating property which finished construction in 2025. The following table details the changes, described above, relating to store and development and NOI: For the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 compared to 2024 Property Revenues: Revenues from acquisitions $ 21.0 Revenues from store stabilized properties 9.9 Revenues from development and properties 2.2 Other store 1.6 $ 34.7 Property Expenses: Expenses from acquisitions $ 8.6 Expenses from store stabilized properties 3.4 Expenses from development and properties 1.5 Other store (0.5) $ 13.0 20 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 compared to 2024 Property NOI: NOI from acquisitions $ 12.4 NOI from store stabilized properties 6.5 NOI from development and properties 0.7 Other store 2.1 $ 21.7 Dispositions/Other Property Analysis Dispositions/other property NOI decreased approximately $2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024. The decrease was due to lower NOI of approximately $8.0 million related to five dispositions completed in 2025, partially offset by higher other property NOI of approximately $5.7 million, primarily driven by lower expenses during the year ended December 31, 2025. The other property NOI increase was partially offset by lower revenues due to higher business interruption insurance proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2024. Income Year Ended December 31, Change ($ in thousands) 2025 2024 $ % Fee and asset management $ 12,967 $ 7,137 $ 5,830 81.7 % Interest and other income 256 4,420 (4,164) * Income on deferred compensation plans 19,260 12,629 6,631 52.5 Total income $ 32,483 $ 24,186 $ 8,297 34.3 % *Not a meaningful percentage. Fee and asset management income from construction and development activities at our construction projects increased approximately $5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 2024. The increase was primarily related to higher fees earned on the completion of construction projects during 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024. Interest and other income decreased approximately $4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to having lower average cash balances during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to 2024. Our deferred compensation plans recognized income of approximately $19.3 million and $12.6 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. The change was related to the performance of the investments held in deferred compensation plans for participants and was directly offset by the expense related to these plans, as discussed below. Other Expenses Year Ended December 31, Change ($ in thousands) 2025 2024 $ % Property management $ 37,452 $ 38,331 $ (879) (2.3) % Fee and asset management 3,074 2,200 874 39.7 General and administrative 79,344 72,365 6,979 9.6 Interest 138,239 129,815 8,424 6.5 Depreciation and amortization 611,025 582,014 29,011 5.0 Expense on deferred compensation plans 19,260 12,629 6,631 52.5 Total other expenses $ 888,394 $ 837,354 $ 51,040 6.1 % 21 Table of Contents Property management expenses, which represent regional supervision and accounting costs related to property operations, decreased approximately $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily related to lower advocacy contributions during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024, partially offset by higher salaries, benefits, and incentive compensation costs. Property management expenses were 2.4% and 2.5% of total property revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Fee

[truncated]