Company number 3263464

Telecom Plus PLC
Report and Accounts

Year ended 31 March 2025

5

WAnQUOUN

A06 03/09/2025 #192
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Contents

Strategic report

Financial and Operational Highlights 2
At a glance 3
Investment case 4
Chairman’s Statement 6
Chief Executive's Review 11
Financial Review 22
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 26
People and Organisation 34
Sustainability Report 40
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures Report 55
Governance

Board of Directors 66
Corporate Governance Statement 69
Nomination Committee Report 79
Audit and Risk Committee Report 84
Directors’ Remuneration Report 88
Directors’ Report 109

Directors’ Responsi 115
Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Telecom Plus PLC 117
}

Financial Statements 131
Notes to the Financial Statements 137 .
Telecom Plus PLC Page 1 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

Financial and Operational Highlights

Revenues of £1,838.2m (2024: £2,039.1m)

Gross profit up 0.8% to £358.1m (2024: £355.2m)

Adjusted pre-tax profit* up 8.1% to £126.3m (2024: £116.9m)
Statutory pre-tax profit up 5.4% to £105.9m (2024: £100.5 m)
Adjusted EPS* up 9.4% to 119.2p (2024: 109.0p)

Statutory EPS up 7.1% to 96.3p (2024: 89.9p)

Full year dividend up 13.3% to 94p (2024: 83p) per share

Net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at 0.8x

Number of customers up 15.0% to 1,163,608 (including around 25,000
fixed-line/broadband customers acquired from a subsidiary of the

TalkTalk Group) (2024: 1,011,489)

Number of services supplied up by 265,496 to 3,392,593 (2024:
3,127,097)

Awarded Which? Recommended Provider status for Energy and
Broadband, the first company to hold both awards simultaneously, and
rated “Excellent” on Trustpilot

Increase in Partner numbers to 71,710 (2024: 68,251), reflecting
ongoing strong demand for our income opportunity as cost-of-living .
pressures and the pensions crisis continue

* Adjusted pre-tax profit (£126.3m), adjusted EBITDA (£148.1m) and Adjusted EPS exclude share incentive scheme
charges (£3.4m), the amortisation of the energy supply contract intangible asset (£11.2m) and restructuring costs
(£5.7m). The reconciliations for adjusted pre-tax profit, adjusted EBITDA and net debt, and adjusted EPS, are set
out in notes 1 and 19 respectively of the financial statements.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 2 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

At a glance

A multiservice platform for subscription-style essential household services

We are the only multiservice provider in the UK, serving over 1.1 million customers under the
Utility Warehouse brand. We offer our customers an integrated subscription-style platform for
their essential services, bundling energy, broadband, mobile and insurance, resulting in high
CLTV customers and significant recurring revenue. We offer competitive prices over the long
term, and we pride ourselves on providing a best-in-class customer service experience whilst
helping our customers save time and money on their household bills.

A track record of growth in all conditions: on track for two million customers

The business has delivered uninterrupted growth in customer numbers for every one of its 25+
years. This has been achieved in a broad spectrum of market and macroeconomic conditions,
demonstrating the continuing strength of our business model, as well as the sustainable
double-digit customer growth and earnings potential ahead. We remain firmly on track to reach
two million customers and beyond over the medium term.

Our structural cost advantage

Our unique multiservice customer proposition allows our customers to bundle many of their
essential household services together with UW. As a result, we receive up to four core revenue
streams per customer but have just oné back office supporting all the services we provide to
them. This gives us an inbuilt and enduring cost advantage that our competitors have been
unable to replicate. We share this benefit with our customers through lower prices.

Fair pricing and loyal customers

This long-term, fair pricing approach, enhanced by top-rated customer service and the
convenience of having one account, one bill, and one app to manage all their household
services, builds loyalty to our brand amongst our customers; as a result, our typical
homeowning customers display below-market rates of churn and bad debt, further
compounding our cost advantage, and giving us the high earnings visibility typically found
within other B2C subscription style businesses.

Our unique word of mouth customer acquisition model

The key to acquiring new multiservice customers is our unique and hard-to-replicate word-of-
mouth acquisition model. Over many years we have built up a UK-wide community of over
71,000 Partners who are real advocates for our proposition. They help overcome the natural
inertia that exists to simultaneously switch multiple essential household services by personally
explaining to family, friends, work colleagues and acquaintances the convenience of a single
UW account for all their household services and the long-term value we offer. This unique
approach enables us to successfully grow our multiservice customer base in a way that other
customer acquisition strategies cannot replicate. Our Partners are attracted by the opportunity
to earn a second income amidst cost-of-living pressures, the flexible nature of the work, the
need to build a secure income for their retirement and by the sense of doing something
worthwhile by helping their community, friends and family save money on their essential
household services.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 3 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

Investment case

Why invest in Telecom Plus?

Our unique platform for subscription-style essential services has a clear purpose: to help
households save time and money, whilst benefitting from award-winning customer service. We
have partnerships with leading suppliers of energy, broadband, mobile and insurance and a
high-quality customer base. This leads to a high growth, predictable, capital-light and cash
generative business model supporting a clear capital allocation policy which prioritises cash
returns to shareholders through a progressive dividend policy.

1. The UK’s only integrated platform covering a broad cross section of
subscription-style essential household services

We have a unique award-winning customer proposition providing multiple essential services
(including energy, broadband, mobile and insurance) to over 1.1 million UK customers under
the Utility Warehouse brand. This provides consistently larger savings than peers and simplicity
through a single bill and point of service.

2. Significant growth opportunity

Our ability to offer lower prices than competitors, combined with award-winning customer
service, means we are able to achieve sustainable double-digit customer growth. We are the
leading challenger in our markets and with a c.3% share of the UK energy market, c.1% share
of the broadband and mobile markets and a nascent position in insurance there is ample
opportunity for growth.

3. Differentiated route to market

Our business model is based on a unique and hard-to-replicate word-of-mouth route to market.
Our Partners refer UW to their friends, family and personal networks, attracting loyal
multiservice homeowner customers which other operators find hard to reach. Customer
satisfaction and loyalty gives market-leading customer lifetimes and lower bad debts. Our
Partners value the opportunity to earn an additional long-term income stream, providing a
high-quality and low-cost means of customer acquisition, while fulfilling our social purpose.

4. Structural cost advantage

We have a structural cost advantage as we have multiple revenue streams but only one set of
overheads, unlike our competitors. This allows us to offer the most attractive prices to our
multiservice customers, permitting us to be more profitable and to reinvest in the business to
improve our value for money still further - reinforcing our competitive position and sustaining
our superior growth rate.

5. Capital light business model

We do not own any infrastructure, as we are a virtual service provider meaning we do not need
significant capital expenditure to grow. We are able to offer high-quality services from the best
providers, benefiting from 20+ year relationships and long-term contracts. Our long track
record increases supplier and Partner confidence in us. Our model means we differentiate on
price, simplicity and service while not being exposed to either capacity or technology risk.

6. Proven financial track record with strong returns

We generate predictable, recurring and growing earnings from the supply of essential services.
We are highly cash generative due to our capital light model. Since FY21 the Company has
Telecom Plus PLC Page 4 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

delivered compound annual growth rates of 15.3% in customer numbers, 19.9% in gross profit,
22.5% in adjusted pre-tax profit and 13.3% in dividend per share. We consistently generate
strong returns with a ROCE above 30%. We pursue a progressive distribution policy with a total
pay out of 80-90% of adjusted post-tax profit via dividends, while maintaining a conservative
level of gearing appropriate for a listed company.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 5 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

Chairman’s Statement

I am pleased to report another strong performance during FY25 with double-digit percentage
customer growth, record profits and a record dividend.

Adjusted pre-tax profits increased by 8.1% to £126.3m (2024: £116.9m), in-line with
market expectations, reflecting the continuing double-digit growth in our customer numbers,
and lower average energy prices compared to the prior year.

The Ofgem energy price cap during FY25 averaged £1,700 (2024: £2,140); a fall of over
20%. This significant reduction led to a fall in overall revenues to £1,838.2m (2024:
£2,039.1m) despite an increase in service numbers and higher revenues from non-energy
services. These factors were also responsible for our higher gross profit margin of 19.5%
(2024: 17.4%) and the modest 0.8% increase in our gross profit to £358.1m (2024:
£355.2m). Adjusted earnings per share for the year rose by 9.4% to 119.2p (2024: 109.0p).
Statutory pre-tax profits rose by 5.4% to £105.9m (2024: £100.5m), and statutory EPS rose
by 7.1% to 96.3p (2024: 89.9p).

Our strong growth continued during the year, with customer numbers increasing by 15.0% to
1,163,608 (2024: 1,011,489) including around 25,000 fixed-line/broadband customers acquired
from TalkTalk as part of a cross-sell transaction (and an organic growth rate of 12.6%
excluding the impact of these). Churn increased to 13.7% due to the recent sharp fall in
forward energy wholesale prices, a market dynamic which tends to support introductory tariffs
at a significant discount to the prevailing Price Cap in the short term; the Price Cap level is
expected to decrease from July and remain relatively stable during the remainder of FY26,
which should support a reduction in churn back towards historically lower levels.

Service numbers increased by 265,496 to 3,392,593 (2024: 3,127,097); this rate of growth
should accelerate going forwards following the recent relaunch of our insurance products.

We were pleased to agree terms with TalkTalk for a cross-sell transaction, under which a total
of c.95,000 TalkTalk fixed-line/broadband customers are being transferred to UW for an
undisclosed sum, with a view to us upselling additional utility services to them through our
Partner network; this will support the anticipated acceleration in our service growth this year,
as mentioned above. The first 25,000 of these customers were transferred during Q4 of FY25. If
this is successful, it can be expected to open up additional exciting growth opportunities (both
inorganic and partnership) in the future.

Across the UK, families have continued to face cost-of-living pressures, and we are proud of the
role we play in helping both customers and Partners address these challenges. Our unique
business model shares the benefits we derive from our integrated platform with our customers
(by giving them sustainable long-term savings on their essential household subscription-style
services). Meanwhile our Partner opportunity offers hard-working people, from all walks of life,
the ability to earn an additional long-term income (which helps offset their rising cost of living
whilst building financial freedom). With a pension crisis looming over the medium term, the
need for this income is becoming ever more urgent; as a result, we are seeing strong ongoing
interest in our Partner opportunity, with our total Partner numbers increasing to over 71,000.

I am very proud of the commitment and hard work of our employees who were critical in
achieving another record company performance. Amongst other achievements, we became a
Which? Recommended Provider for both Energy and Broadband, the first company to hold
both awards simultaneously. We were awarded “Best Value for Money” and “Best Customer
Service” by Uswitch in their 2024 Energy Awards, were rated the top energy supplier for

Telecom Plus PLC Page 6 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

customer service by Citizens Advice; and maintained an “Excellent” rating on Trustpilot.
These accolades reflect the outstanding customer service delivered by our colleagues and the
dedication of our Partners, as well as the great value for money of our customer offering.

Sustainability

Our people and communities are central to our strategy. We focus on sustainability through
building long-term relationships with customers and Partners, supporting our employees, and
conducting business responsibly. This includes considering our wider impact on society and the
environment around us, and supporting the UK's transition to net zero.

Based on our FY24 Diversity & Inclusion audit, we've developed a Diversity, Inclusion and
Belonging (DI&B) vision and strategy to ensure our employees feel they belong and can achieve
their full potential. We also launched a new employee-led Belonging Group with the aim of
celebrating and supporting neurodiversity at UW, bringing the total number of Belonging
Groups to seven. Our DI&B initiatives have enabled us to exceed our targets for management
roles held by women and ethnically diverse employees, helping us achieve our commitment to
career progression for all.

As UK families face ongoing cost-of-living challenges, we are proud to help customers save on
household services, while offering Partners an opportunity to earn additional income. Last year,
we commissioned research to assess the socio-economic impact of our Partner opportunity and
were thrilled to discover that 86% of the Partners who participated felt that being able to earn
flexibly through UW had improved their quality of life; 79% said that this income had provided
them with a greater sense of financial empowerment and 53% stated the boost in skills and
confidence enabled them to increase their income outside UW, change jobs, progress their
career or start their own business.

We continue supporting vulnerable customers nationwide through our company-funded
Hardship Fund, while our new Electric Vehicle (EV) tariff and enhanced Smart Export Guarantee
(SEG) tariff help us to better serve our customers as the UK’s energy retail market continues to
evolve alongside the UK’s transition toward net zero.

Our FY26 ESG objectives demonstrate our ongoing commitment to sustainability, with further
details available in our ESG and Sustainability Reports.

Corporate governance

The UK Corporate Governance Code (the “Code") encourages the Chairman to report personally
on how the principles in the Code relating to the role and effectiveness of the Board have been
applied.

As a Board we are responsible to the Company's shareholders for delivering sustainable
shareholder value over the long term through effective management and good governance. A
key role of mine, as Non-Executive Chairman, is to provide strong leadership to enable the
Board to operate effectively.

We believe that open and rigorous debate around the key strategic issues, risks and .
opportunities faced by the Company is important to achieving our objectives and the Company
is fortunate to have non-executive directors with diverse and extensive business experience
who actively contribute to these discussions.

Further detail on the Company's governance processes and compliance with the Code is set out
in the Corporate Governance Statement.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 7 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

Dividend and capital allocation

The Company continues to deliver strong underlying cash generation, notwithstanding our
ongoing double-digit organic customer growth.

We are proposing a final dividend of 57p (2024: 47p), bringing the total for the year to 94p
(2024: 83p); an increase of over 13%. Subject to approval by shareholders at the
Company's AGM which will be held on 6 August 2025, this will be paid on 15 August 2025 to
shareholders on the register at the close of business on 25 July 2025. This takes the total
return to shareholders for FY25 to 80% of adjusted post-tax profit (see note 1).

The Board adopts a disciplined approach to the allocation of capital, with the overriding
objective being to enhance long-term shareholder value, whilst maintaining an appropriate
level of gearing; this means retaining sufficient resources within the business to ensure that
our organic growth is not constrained by lack of capital. We intend to continue following a
progressive distribution policy, returning 80-90% of adjusted post-tax profit to shareholders
over the medium term via dividends.

Board changes

Stuart Burnett assumed overall responsibility for the business as sole CEO at the AGM in
August 2024, following the departure of former Co-CEO Andrew Lindsay. Andrew is
continuing to support our Partner network on a part-time basis as President of Team Purple.

We also welcomed Bindi Karia as a new independent non-executive director to the Board
following the AGM. We expect her extensive experience, particularly in technology and
innovation (where she has held senior board, investment, and advisory roles across the
technology sector in Europe), to be of considerable value over the coming years.

As announced on 24 June, we look forward to welcoming Gemma Godfrey and Phil Bunker
who will be joining the Board following the forthcoming AGM in August, and I would like to
take this opportunity to thank Bea Hollond and Andrew Blowers, who are stepping down from
the Board at the AGM in August and in December respectively, for the significant
contributions both of them have made over the last c. nine years as non-executive directors.
Suzi Williams will be assuming the role of Senior Non-executive Director following Bea
Hollond‘s departure.

Outlook

Significant growth opportunity

UW remains in a unique position as the UK's only fully integrated provider of a broad range of
subscription-style essential household services, spanning energy, broadband, mobile and
insurance. Our multiservice proposition delivers long-term savings funded by the inherent
efficiency of our integrated platform, with significant and growing appeal. This sustainable cost
advantage sets us apart from our competitors, each of whom are focused on individual market
segments. With 97 out of every 100 UK households taking their essential household services
from one of these other suppliers, our growth opportunity has barely been tapped.

Since FY21, we have grown our customer numbers at an annualised compound rate of around
15.3%, spanning a period during which energy commodity prices increased steeply and then
fell sharply, before stabilising at or around current levels. During the period of steeply rising
energy prices, our annualised customer growth rate was in excess of 20% (albeit on a smaller
opening customer base), whilst during the periods of both falling and now broadly stable prices
our annualised organic growth rate has been consistently between 12-14%, giving us

Telecom Plus PLC Page 8 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

confidence in our ability to continue growing our customer base at a compound annual double
digit growth rate to two million households (and beyond) over the medium term.

Regulatory environment

We now operate in a more sustainable and responsible regulatory environment for retail energy
suppliers. The combination of new capital adequacy requirements being imposed upon suppliers
and the low regulatory EBIT margin allowed by Ofgem, make it extremely challenging for any
standalone energy supplier to sell below the level of the price cap and earn an acceptable
return on capital. As a result, we are uniquely positioned to out-compete over the longer term,
increasing our market share both sustainably and profitably.

Notwithstanding these constraints, the retail energy market remains competitive, with the
major energy suppliers actively seeking to acquire new customers through offering a range of
attractive fixed price introductory tariffs, supported by the recent significant fall in the
wholesale energy forward price curve; but importantly, pricing remains rational.

Energy prices & operating costs

The average energy price in FY26 is currently expected to remain relatively stable compared
with FY25, settling between around £1,650 and £1,750. Ofgem has also undertaken a review of
the operating cost allowances within the energy price cap, to reflect the progress made across
the industry in delivering efficiencies over recent years. Together with the recent increases in
National Insurance and National Living Wage announced in the budget last year, this will
present a modest headwind in FY26, which we will look to mitigate through further economies
of scale and other operating cost savings.

Looking forward, we retain a number of levers for expanding our EBITDA per customer over
time, including optimising our multiservice pricing, growing service penetration and improving
our operating leverage.

Guidance
We remain focused on growing the size of the business to two million customers (and beyond),
with the following medium-term internal base case planning assumptions:

e Annual percentage customer growth is expected to remain within the 10-15% range.

e Adjusted pre-tax profits are expected to increase broadly in line with customer growth.

e Excess capital will be returned to shareholders through a progressive dividend with a
payout of between 80-90% of adjusted post-tax profit.

For FY26 specifically, we anticipate that:

e adjusted pre-tax profits will be within a range of £132m-£138m which is slightly below
the level of customer growth due to the one-off headwinds referred to above;

e total customer growth will be around 15% (including the balance of the customers to be
transferred from TalkTalk), with continuing low double digit organic customer growth;
and

e dividend growth will be in line with our increased adjusted post-tax profit.

We will continue to invest in our people and technology at all levels as we continue to scale -
both of which are vital to delivering an exceptional UW experience - whilst evolving and
improving our systems and digital capabilities. During what seems likely to be a challenging
period for the global economy, we are fortunate that our business model makes us largely
immune to any changes in trade tariffs, interest rates, economic growth or business confidence.
Indeed, such environments have historically been positive for us, with increasing numbers of
people seeking additional income sources and ways to reduce their household bills. At the same

Telecom Plus PLC Page 9 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

time, many households in the UK are also struggling with the question of how to provide for a
comfortable retirement; we remain convinced that our Partner opportunity is a compelling
answer to that challenge for people from all backgrounds and walks of life.

I would like to thank my boardroom colleagues for their support and all our staff and Partners
for their energy, determination and commitment through another excellent year of growth, and
for the significant contribution they are making to the ongoing strong performance of the
business.

We have once again grown our customer base by a double-digit percentage in FY2S and remain
firmly on track to achieve our next milestone of more than two million customers over the

medium term. We expect to make significant further progress towards this over the current
year.

ec
Charles Wigoder aa. Ww, Co

Non-Executive Chairman
24 June 2025

Telecom Plus PLC Page 10 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464

Chief Executive’s Review

The year in summary: record customers, profits and lend

Over our 25+ year history, we have consistently helped households save time and money on
their essential services, which include energy, broadband, mobile and insurance. Our unique
multiservice proposition continues to deliver exactly what financially stretched and time poor
households are looking for; namely savings, simplicity and service. At the same time, our word-
of-mouth Partner model is increasingly suited to the needs of modern society, enabling people
from all walks of life to generate an additional income in their spare time which fulfils their
immediate needs as well as contributing to longer-term financial security.

With rational competition now firmly embedded in the retail energy market, the company has
continued to perform strongly, clearly demonstrating the enduring ability of our subscription-
style business model to deliver double-digit organic growth under every wholesale energy price
environment. The profitable growth trajectory we have delivered over the last three and a half
years gives us confidence in the strength of our business model and the achievability of our
medium-term ambition to increase our customer base to more than two million customers,
alongside continuing strong and sustainable growth in our earnings and dividends.

We welcomed 152,119 additional customers to UW during the year, representing a growth rate
of 15.0%, of which 12.6% was organic. This takes the total number of customers we supply to
a record high of 1,163,608 (2024: 1,011,489). Ongoing multiservice take-up amongst new
customers seeking to maximise the savings that they can make on their household bills
resulted in the number of services we supply to our customers increasing by a further 265,496,
to a total of 3,392,593 (2024: 3,127,097).

Over many years we have built up a large UK-wide community of Partners; people from all
walks of life who are genuine advocates for our unique proposition. They overcome the natural
inertia that exists to simultaneously switching multiple essential household services by
personally explaining to family, friends, work colleagues and acquaintances the convenience of
a single UW account for all their household services, the long-term value we offer, and the
award-winning service we provide. This unique approach enables us to successfully grow our
multiservice customer base in a way that other customer acquisition strategies cannot replicate.

Whilst the dynamics in each of our markets constantly vary, we continue to focus our efforts on
strengthening our core multiservice proposition and supporting our Partner community.

During the year, we continued to innovate and evolve our multiservice customer offering,
launching our first EV charging tariffs, which offer market-leading overnight charging rates for
our multiservice customers, alongside a more competitive and market leading ‘multi-SIM’
mobile offer, and we extended our Full Fibre offering by launching a 900Mbps ultra-high-speed
service.

We continue to see strong interest in our Partner opportunity, as confidence in the strength of
our customer proposition continues to build, enhanced by these new initiatives. The total
number of UW Partners increased during the year to 71,710 (2024: 68,251). This underpins the
sustainability of our growth, with our Partners being a unique route to market for referring
high-quality customers in significant volumes. There are over 20 million people in the UK witha
second or third part-time income - a trend which is driven by changing societal attitudes
towards work, as well as the ongoing pensions crisis which emphasises the need to build a
sustainable retirement income, for which our Partner opportunity is a compelling solution.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 11 of 188 31 March 2025

Registered number 3263464