Company number 3263464

f tue

Contents

Strategic report

Financial and Operational Highlights 2
At a glance 3
Investment case 4
Chairman's Statement 6
Co-Chief Executives’ Review 10
Financial Review 21
Principal Risks and Uncertainties 25
People and Organisation 33
Sustainability Report 40
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures Report 54
Governance

Board of Directors 67
Corporate Governance Statement 70
Nomination Committee Report 80
Audit and Risk Committee Report 84
Directors’ Remuneration Report 89
Directors’ Report 110
Directors’ Responsibilities 116

Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Telecom Plus PLC 118

Financial Statements 131
Notes to the Financial Statements 137
Telecom Plus PLC Page 1 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

Financial and Operational Highlights
e Revenues of £2,039.1 million (2023: £2,475.2m)
e Gross profit up 16.0% to £355.2 million (2023: £306.2m)
e Adjusted pre-tax profit* up 21.5% to £116.9 million (2023: £96.2m)
e Statutory pre-tax profit up 17.6% to £100.5 million (2022: £85.5m)
e Adjusted EPS* up 9.9% to 109.0p (2023: 99.2p)
e Statutory EPS up 3.8% to 89.9p (2023: 86.6p)
e Full year dividend of 83p (2023: 80p) per share
e Net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio at 0.9x
e Number of customers up 14.1% to 1,011,489 (2023: 886,579)

e Number of services supplied up by 328,949 to 3,127,097 (2023:
2,798,148)

e Insurance policies up 38.3% to 139,109 (2023: 100,590)

e Ranked “Best Value for Money” and “Most Likely to be Recommended” in
Uswitch 2023 Energy Awards; rated “Excellent” on Trustpilot

e Increase in Partner numbers to 68,251 (2023: 59,842) reflecting ongoing
strong demand for our income opportunity as cost of living pressures
continue

* Adjusted pre-tax profit (£116.9m), adjusted EBITDA (£133.3m) and Adjusted EPS exclude share incentive scheme
charges (£5.2m), and the amortisation of the energy supply contract intangible asset (£11.2m). The reconciliations
for adjusted profit before tax, adjusted EBITDA and net debt, and adjusted EPS are set out in notes 1 and 19
respectively of the financial statements.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 2 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

At a glance

The UK’s multiservice provider with over one million customers

We are the only multiservice provider in the UK, serving over one million customers under the
Utility Warehouse brand. We offer our customers a one-stop shop for their essential services,
bundling energy, broadband, mobile and insurance. We offer competitive prices over the long
term, and we pride ourselves on genuinely helping our customers to stop wasting time and
money on their household bills.

A track record of growth in all conditions: on track for two million customers

The business has delivered uninterrupted growth in customer numbers for every one of its 25+
years. This has been achieved in a broad spectrum of market and macroeconomic conditions.
This is evidence of the continuing strength of our business model, and the sustainable double-
digit customer growth and earnings potential ahead. We remain firmly on track to add a further
one million customers over the medium term.

Our structural cost advantage

Our unique multiservice customer proposition spans the energy, broadband, mobile and
insurance markets and allows our customers to bundle many of their essential household
services together with UW. As a result, we receive up to four revenue streams from each of our
customers but have just one single back office supporting all the services we provide to them.
This gives us an inbuilt and enduring cost advantage that our competitors have been unable to
replicate and which we share with our customers year-on-year through lower prices.

Fair pricing and loyal customers

This long-term, fair pricing approach, enhanced by top-rated customer service and the
convenience of having one bill, one account, and one app to manage all their household
services, builds loyalty amongst our customers to our brand; as a result, our typical
homeowning customers display below-market rates of churn and bad debt, further
compounding our cost advantage. We have launched our Price Pledge to new customers taking
three or more services guaranteeing UW will save them money.

Our unique word of mouth customer acquisition model

The key to acquiring new multiservice customers is our unique and hard-to-replicate word-of-
mouth acquisition model. Over many years we have built up a UK-wide community of some
68,000 Partners who are real advocates for our proposition. They overcome the natural inertia
that exists to simultaneously switch multiple essential household services by personally
explaining to family, friends, work colleagues and acquaintances the convenience of a single
UW account for all their household services and the long-term value we offer. This unique
approach enables us to successfully grow our multiservice customer base in a way that other
customer acquisition strategies cannot replicate. Our Partners are attracted by the opportunity
to earn a second income amidst cost of living pressures, the flexible nature of the work and by
a mission to help their community through lower everyday bills.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 3 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

Investment case

Why invest in Telecom Plus?

Telecom Plus is a unique UK multi-service provider with a purpose: to stop households wasting
time and money on essential services. We have partnerships with leading suppliers of energy,
broadband, mobile and insurance and a high quality customer base. This leads to a high
growth, predictable, capital-light and cash generative business model supporting a clear capital
allocation policy of high returns through dividends supplemented by share buybacks.

1. The UK’s only multi-service provider

We have a unique award-winning customer proposition providing multiple essential services
including energy, broadband, mobile and insurance to over 1 million UK customers under the
Utility Warehouse brand. This provides consistently larger savings than peers and simplicity
through a single bill and point of service.

2. Significant growth opportunity

Our ability to offer lower prices than competitors, combined with award-winning customer
service, means we are able to achieve sustainable double digit customer growth. We are the
leading challenger in our markets and with a c.3% share of the UK energy market, around 1%
of the broadband and mobile markets and a nascent position in insurance there is ample
opportunity for growth.

3. Differentiated route to market

Our business model is based on a unique and hard-to-replicate word of mouth route to market.
Our Partners refer UW to their friends, family and personal networks, attracting loyal multi-
service homeowner customers which other operators find hard to reach. Customer satisfaction
and loyalty gives market-leading customer lifetimes and lower bad debts. Our Partners value
the opportunity to earn an additional income, providing a high quality and low cost means of
customer acquisition, while fulfilling our social purpose.

4. Structural cost advantage

We have a structural cost advantage as we have multiple revenue streams but only one set of
overheads, unlike our competitors. This allows us to offer the most attractive prices to our
multi-service customers, permitting us to be more profitable and reinvest in the business to
improve our value for money still further - reinforcing our competitive position and sustaining
our superior growth rate.

5. Capital light business model

We do not own any infrastructure, as we are a virtual service provider meaning we do not need
significant capital expenditure to grow. We are able to offer high quality services from the best
providers, benefiting from 20 year relationships and long term contracts. Our long track record
increases supplier and Partner confidence in us. Our model means we differentiate on price,
simplicity and service while not taking capacity or technology risk.

6. Proven financial track record with strong returns

We generate predictable, growing earnings from the supply of essential services. We are highly
cash generative due to our capital light model. Over the last ten years our gross profit has
grown by 254%, adjusted profit before tax by 162% and dividend per share by 137%. We
consistently generate strong returns with a ROCE of above 30%. We pursue a progressive

Telecom Plus PLC Page 4 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

distribution policy with a total pay out of 80-90% of adjusted net income including a dividend
rising modestly with inflation and supplemented by share buybacks, with an appropriate level of
gearing.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 5 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

Chairman's Statement

Iam pleased to report another exceptional performance during FY24 with customer and
service numbers continuing to show strong organic growth, and with record profits and
dividends.

Adjusted pre-tax profits increased by 21.5% to £116.9m (2023: £96.2m), slightly above
market expectations, reflecting the continuing double-digit growth in our customer and
service numbers, and a modest tailwind from higher energy prices in Q1 (compared with the
remainder of FY24).

The Ofgem energy price cap during FY24 averaged £2,140 (2023: £3,100). This significant
reduction led to a fall in overall revenues for the business to £2,039.1m (2023: £2,475.2m)
notwithstanding a significant increase in service numbers and higher revenues from non-
energy services. These factors were also responsible for our higher gross profit margin,
which at 17.4% (2023: 12.4%) is returning towards historically normal levels, and the
16.0% increase in our gross profit to £355.2m (2023: £306.2m). Adjusted earnings per
share for the year rose by 9.9% to 109.0p (2023: 99.2p). Statutory pre-tax profits rose by
17.6% to £100.5m (2023: £85.5m), and statutory EPS rose by 3.8% to 89.9p (2023:
86.6p).

Our strong organic growth continued during the year, with customer numbers increasing by
14.1% to 1,011,489 (2023: 886,579) and service numbers rising by 328,949 to 3,127,097
(2023: 2,798,148).

Families across the UK faced strong inflationary pressures throughout the year, and we remain
proud of the role we played in helping both customers and Partners navigate the challenges this
created. Our unique business model shares the benefits we derive as an integrated multiservice
supplier with our customers (by giving them sustainable long-term savings on their essential
household services), whilst our Partner opportunity offers hard-working people, from all walks
of life, the ability to earn an additional long-term income (which helps offset their rising cost of
living whilst building financial freedom). As a result we are seeing ongoing strong demand in
both these areas, with our total Partner numbers increasing by 14.1% to 68,251.

Iam very proud of the commitment and achievements of our employees without which this
record Company performance could not have been achieved. Amongst other accolades, we
were awarded “Best Value for Money” and “Most likely to be Recommended” by Uswitch in
their 2023 Energy Awards, came out top in the latest Which? league table of Energy
Suppliers, were rated 5 stars for customer service by Uswitch in their 2024 Broadband
Rankings, and achieved an “Excellent” rating on Trustpilot. This positive recognition reflects
the outstanding customer service delivered by our colleagues, as well as the great value for
money of our customer offering and the dedication of our Partners.

Sustainability

Our people and the communities we serve are at the heart of our strategy. As a company, we
are culturally focussed on our sustainability - not just in our approach to building long-term
relationships with our customers and Partners and supporting our employees, but also in
ensuring that we are doing business responsibly. This includes considering our wider impact on
the environment around us and supporting the UK’s transition to net zero.

Iam pleased with the further progress we have made this year towards improving our
sustainability, including leveraging our updated E.ON contract, which enables UW to develop
products that will better serve our customers as the UK moves towards net zero.

Telecom Plus PLC Page 6 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

On our diversity and inclusion agenda, not only have we exceeded our targets for management
roles held by women and employees from ethnically diverse backgrounds, we have also
developed and launched our UW Belonging groups, with six such groups created during FY24.
We also conducted a Diversity & Inclusion audit, the findings of which will help us shape the
future of this agenda at UW, ensuring we create an environment where everyone feels they
belong and can develop to their full potential.

As families across the UK continue to face ongoing cost of living challenges, we are proud of the
role we play in helping our customers and Partners navigate these sustainably, through a
combination of savings on their household services (for customers) and an additional income to
help offset the rising cost of living (for Partners). I am delighted that we have been able to
quantify the positive socio-economic impact of the UW Partner opportunity, with 86% of the
Partners who responded to our survey saying that being able to earn flexibly through UW had
improved their quality of life.

Looking ahead, our FY25 ESG objectives demonstrate the Company’s continued commitment to
improving its sustainability and I look forward to delivering further progress over the year
ahead. Further detail of the Company's sustainability agenda and ongoing progress is set out in
our ESG and Sustainability Reports.

Corporate Governance

The UK Corporate Governance Code (the "Code") encourages the Chairman to report personally
on how the principles in the Code relating to the role and effectiveness of the Board have been
applied.

As a board we are responsible to the Company's shareholders for delivering sustainable
shareholder value over the long term through effective management and good governance. A
key role of mine, as Non-Executive Chairman, is to provide strong leadership to enable the
Board to operate effectively.

We believe that open and rigorous debate around key strategic issues, risks, and opportunities
faced by the Company is important in achieving our objectives and the Company is fortunate to
have non-executive directors with diverse and extensive business experience who actively
contribute to these discussions.

Further detail of the Company's governance processes and compliance with the Code is set out
in the Corporate Governance Statement.

Dividend and Capital Allocation

The Company continues to deliver strong underlying cash generation, notwithstanding our *
ongoing double-digit organic customer growth.

We are proposing a final dividend of 47p (2023: 46p), bringing the total for the year to 83p
(2023: 80p). This will be paid on 23 August 2024 to shareholders on the register at the close
of business on 2 August 2024 subject to approval by shareholders at the Company's AGM
which will be held on 13 August 2024. The Company also completed a share buyback of
£10.2 million during the year, bringing the total return to shareholders for FY24 to 87.1%
(see note 18) of adjusted net income.

The Board adopts a disciplined approach to the allocation of capital, with the overriding
objective being to enhance long-term shareholder value, whilst maintaining an appropriate
level of gearing; this means retaining sufficient resources within the business to ensure that

Telecom Plus PLC Page 7 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

our organic growth is not constrained by lack of capital. We intend to continue following a
progressive distribution policy, returning 80%-90% of adjusted net income to shareholders
over the medium term, with the dividend growing in line with inflation, and with the balance
being allocated to buying back shares.

Board Changes

As previously announced last autumn, Andrew Lindsay is stepping down as Co-CEO and from
the Board after 16 years with the company. The current Co-CEO structure that has been in
place for the past two years provides a clear succession path, and Stuart Burnett will assume
overall responsibility for the business as sole CEO from our forthcoming AGM in August.
Andrew will remain with the business on a part-time basis over the medium term, with a
focus on supporting and further growing our Partner community.

We are delighted to welcome Bindi Karia as a new independent non-executive director to the
Board. Ms Karia will join the Board immediately following the AGM. We expect her extensive
experience, particularly in technology and innovation (where she has held senior board,
investment, and advisory roles across the technology sector in Europe), to be of considerable
value over the coming years.

Outlook

Sustainable Growth

As the only fully-integrated supplier in the UK spanning four essential household markets
(energy, broadband, mobile and insurance), our one-stop-shop proposition delivers long-term
savings funded by the inherent efficiency of our bundled multiservice proposition, with
significant and growing appeal. This sustainable cost advantage sets us apart from our
competitors, each of whom are focussed on individual market segments; and with 97 out of
every 100 UK households taking their essential home services from these other suppliers, our
organic growth opportunity has barely been tapped.

Since autumn 2021, over two and a half years ago, we have grown our customer numbers at
an annualised compound rate of over 18%, spanning a period during which energy commodity
prices increased steeply and then fell sharply, before stabilising at or around current levels.
During the period of steeply rising energy prices, our annualised customer growth rate was in
excess of 20% (albeit on a smaller opening customer base), whilst during the periods of both
falling and now broadly stable prices our annualised growth rate has been consistently around
14%. That we have been able to deliver such strong double-digit growth during a rising, falling
and stable environment for energy prices gives us considerable confidence in our ability to
continue doing so in future.

Regulatory Environment

We fully endorse the more responsible regulatory environment for retail energy suppliers now
in force, an outcome which we spent many years lobbying for. The combination of new capital
adequacy requirements being imposed upon suppliers and the low regulatory EBIT margin
allowed by Ofgem, make it extremely challenging for any standalone energy supplier to sell
below the level of the price cap and earn an acceptable return on capital. As a result, we are
uniquely positioned to outcompete over the longer term increasing our market share both
sustainably and profitably.

Against that backdrop, and with energy prices having fallen significantly from their peak,
rational competition has returned. All the major energy suppliers are actively seeking to acquire
new customers, with a marked increase in advertising but, critically, based upon sensible
pricing strategies. In this competitive marketplace, it has been encouraging to see our recent

Telecom Plus PLC Page 8 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

growth rate continuing into the new financial year, consistent with our guidance range set out
below.

Energy Prices

The average energy price this year is expected to fall by around 20% during the current year
compared with FY24 (from £2,140 to around £1,650); this creates a modest headwind by
reducing our average revenue per customer. However, the negative impact on our profitability
from these lower energy prices will be offset by improving our operating leverage and
selectively increasing our non-energy pricing, whilst maintaining a market-leading competitive
position across all our services.

Looking forward, we retain significant levers to grow our EBITDA per customer over time,
including further multiservice pricing optimisation, higher service penetration, and improved
operating leverage.

Guidance
We remain focussed on doubling the size of the business to over two million customers, with
the following medium-term internal base case planning assumptions:

. annual percentage customer growth is expected to remain within the 10-15% range,
with 12-14% organic customer growth expected during FY25;

e adjusted pre-tax profits are expected to increase broadly in line with customer
growth, with Adjusted PBT for FY25 expected to be within a range of £124m to
£128m; and .

e excess capital will be returned to shareholders through a combination of steadily

increasing dividends and buying back shares.

Both our people and our technology are vital to delivering an exceptional UW experience to our
customers, and we will continue to invest in strengthening our teams at all levels as we scale,
whilst evolving and improving our systems. It has been exciting to see our Partners referring
our strong and differentiated consumer proposition to a record number of households,
delivering significant and high quality organic growth. With UK households facing continuing
challenges and uncertainties over the coming year, and with continuing uncertainty around the
ability of households to effectively fund a comfortable retirement, we anticipate that demand
from new Partners joining UW to earn a valuable and secure residual income stream will remain
strong.

I would like to thank my boardroom colleagues for their support and all our staff and Partners
for their energy, drive and hard work through another exciting year of growth, and the
contribution they are making to the ongoing strong performance of the business.

Having broken through the one million customer milestone during FY24, we are now firmly on

track to achieve our next milestone of two million customers over the medium term, and we
look forward to making significant further progress towards this over the current year.

Charles Wigoder
Non-Executive Chairman
18 June 2024

Telecom Plus PLC Page 9 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

Co-Chief Executives’ Review

The year in summary: record customers and profits

Throughout our 25-year history, we have consistently helped UK households to stop wasting
time and money on their essential services, which now encompass energy, broadband, mobile
and insurance. Our unique multi-service proposition continues to demonstrate its inherent
ability to deliver exactly what financially stretched and time-poor households are looking for,
namely savings, simplicity and service. At the same time, our word of mouth Partner model is
increasingly ‘of its time’, enabling people to earn a part-time income which solves their short-
term cost pressures whilst building longer-term financial freedom. Together, these provide the
sustainable competitive advantage which enabled us to deliver 14.1% customer growth in FY24
and pass the one million customer milestone, putting us firmly on track to double the size of
the business to two million customers over the medium term.

We are now back in a normalised energy market, with rational competition returning and robust
regulation ensuring all suppliers are operating sustainably. Falling wholesale energy prices
throughout the year resulted in the Ofgem SVT price cap reducing from Q2 onwards, providing
some relief for households. It is testament to the strength of our multiservice model that,
despite these falling prices, we were able to deliver a 14.1% increase in customer numbers and
a commensurate increase in profits, demonstrating the ability of our business model to deliver
in all environments.

Whilst the dynamics in each of our markets constantly vary, we continually focus our efforts on
strengthening our core multiservice proposition and supporting our Partner community.

During the year, we continued to innovate and evolve our multiservice customer offering,
launching our first Fixed energy tariff for 2 service customers (alongside our market-leading 3
service Fixed energy tariff), improving our mobile offering through the launch of our first SG
tariff, building out CityFibre as a full fibre broadband partner, and further developing our
insurance product offering and sales journeys, with the number of customers taking insurance
increasing by 38.3% to 139,109 (2023: 100,590).

Confidence in the sustainable strength of our customer proposition continues to build amongst
our Partners which, combined with ongoing cost of living pressures, is resulting in more and
more people turning to UW to bolster their incomes. There are now over 20 million people in
the UK with a second or third part-time income - a trend which is driven by changing societal
attitudes towards work, plus long-term macro-economic developments around the need to build
a sustainable retirement income. The total number of UW Partners increased by over 14%
during the year to 68,251, underpinning the sustainability of our current high-quality growth
with our Partners being a unique route-to-market for signing-up high quality customers (i.e.
multiservice homeowners) in significant volumes.

Rather than seeking growth at any cost, we take pride in the consistent disciplined approach we
have adopted to building a long-term, sustainable and consistently profitable business. In a
year characterised by falling energy prices and the return of normalised energy competition,
alongside inflation-beating price rises in our other core markets, we have concentrated our
efforts on delivering our three key business priorities:

e Evolving our distinct company culture
e Delivering a seamless multiservice customer experience
e Bringing more multiservice homeowner customers on board

Telecom Plus PLC Page 10 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464

We are delighted to have made significant progress against these priorities, laying the
foundations for further progress in the years ahead.

Company culture
e We codified our culture and invested in developing our leaders through the leadership
fundamentals programme, coaching, and team effectiveness courses. Our leadership
engagement score is above target at 82%. We also enhanced the working environment
for our customer-facing teams by introducing a new workforce management system
allowing us to better predict call volumes and resource requirements, decreasing the
number of people needing to work on Saturdays and allowing dynamic shift swaps.

Customer experience
e Market leading customer service is vital to our success and the confidence our customers

and Partners place in us. We invested in digital self-service and “right first time” query
resolution through our WhatsApp channel which effectively uses AI. As well as
continuing to invest in our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems we
significantly improved our customer support capability by introducing ‘one-way’ video,
allowing our advisors to understand and resolve energy and broadband queries faster by
enabling them to see the problem the customer is experiencing in their home first hand.

Multiservice customers
e We continued our focus on acquiring multiservice homeowner customers, including
through our Fixed energy tariffs, which are only available to customers taking two or
more services. Our customer numbers grew by over 14%, enabling us to achieve the
historic milestone of reaching one million customers. Overall service numbers increased
by 11.8% to 3.1 million.

This is an incredibly exciting time for the business. The marketplaces in which we are operating
have now matured, enabling our unique business model to sustainably outcompete and build
market share through offering households what they want - long-term savings on their
essential household services, and an additional income from referring those savings to their
friends and family.

As we look ahead, we remain confident of delivering another year of profitable double-digit
customer growth as we work towards doubling the size of the business to two million customers
over the medium term.

Our business model

We have a unique, self-reinforcing and long-term business model. As the UK’s only multiservice
utility provider, we offer energy, broadband, mobile and insurance services, as well as a
Cashback card which provides extra savings at a wide range of retailers. The Cashback
available to our customers increases with the number of services taken.

We bundle essential home services together to give UW customers peace of mind, sustainable
long-term savings, a simple single monthly bill, and award-winning customer service; these
ensure our customers stay with UW for far longer than our competitors. The combination of
higher revenues per customer (from taking multiple services) and lower churn generate a
significantly higher average customer lifetime value.

By having a single set of central overheads for our multiple revenue streams, we are able to
make substantial cost savings due to operating efficiencies. Therefore we have a sustainable,

Telecom Plus PLC Page 11 of 189 31 March 2024

Registered number 3263464