Across The Markets: Tullow Oil, Telecom Plus, WPP 2026-04-28 08:55:54 (3 months ago) Related Companies: WPP (WPP) , Tullow Oil (TLW) , Telecom Plus (TEP) WPP A Q1 trading update from the marketing group WPP was released this morning. This saw a performance posted that was in line with expectations, full year guidance was reiterated and the benefits of building a simpler company appear to be yielding results. Whilst acknowledging that it will take time to outpace historical losses, incremental improvements were seen from Q4 ’25 and operating margins for the full year are set to be in the 12%-13% region. There’s more contraction to come and the Middle East uncertainty is highlighted too, leaving the market struggling to assess the impact here. Early gains for the WPP share price of around 4% failed to last, with the stock quickly sliding into the red. Telecom Plus The brand behind Utility Warehouse issued a full year trading update this morning with the company noting total net customer growth of 23% following the acquisition of Talk Talk but adjusted pre tax profits are now expected to be at the lower end of the previously guided range. Churn rates are up and revenue growth in mobile is lagging customer acquisition with competitive market dynamics being cited as the driver here Initiatives to tackle challenges like this are being tabled and will be presented with the full year results in June but in early trade, the Telecoms Plus share price was down 12%. Tullow Oil Full year results are out from Tullow Oil, the oil & gas exploration and production company. Profits fell sharply as a result of lower output – down more than 20% - and delays in receiving payments. As a result revenues posted just $847m against $1.29bn in the comparative, although production increases are noted in the 2026 outlook. That seemed to be sufficient to placate investors and the Tullow share price was up almost 9% approaching 9am. Most read news on Investegate this morning Trading Statement - - Taylor Wimpey (TW.) Preliminary Results - - Card Factory (CARD) Operational Update - - Powerhouse Energy Group (PHE) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and