YANCOAL AUSTRALIA LTD 
ADDRESS: 
Level 18, Tower 2, 201 Sussex Street, 
Sydney NSW 2000 
PHONE: 
61 2 8583 5300 
FAX: 
61 2 8583 5399 
WEBSITE: 
www.yancoal.com.au 
 
 
 
 
1 October 2026 
Market Release: 
 
Yancoal successfully completes the acquisition of an 
80% interest in the Kestrel Coal Mine 
 
Yancoal Australia Ltd (ASX: YAL) (“Yancoal” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce it has 
today successfully completed the transaction with EMR Capital Advisors Pty Ltd, Kestrel Coal 
(EMR) Limited, Adaro Capital Limited (“ACL”) (collectively the “Vendors”) and EMR Capital 
Management Limited1. As announced on 14 April 2026, Yancoal will acquire the entire share 
capital of Kestrel Coal Group Pty Ltd (“KCG”), which  holds an 80% interest in the Kestrel Coal 
Mine (“Kestrel”), a large-scale, long-life metallurgical coal asset located in Queensland’s 
Bowen Basin (the “Acquisition”). 
The upfront cash consideration paid on completion was US$1.85 billion subject to customary 
completion adjustments2. The consideration was funded through a combination of available 
cash and an initial utilisation of the five-year syndicated US$1.2 billion acquisition loan 
facility3. A US$200 million, five year committed working capital facility to support Yancoal’s 
liquidity requirements remains undrawn at this time.  
Payment of the contingent cash consideration up to a maximum total of US$550 million 
remains dependent upon the relevant benchmark coal price exceeding US$225/tonne 
(nominal) in any of the first five years following completion. 
Yancoal will recognise its interest in the attributable Kestrel production, revenue and earnings 
from 1 October 2026. 
 
1 The Vendors, EMR Capital Advisors Pty Ltd, Kestrel Coal (EMR) Limited and ACL, are sellers of shares in KCG. 
ACL and EMR Capital Management Limited are sellers of warrants in KCG. 
2 Adjusted to deduct the US$40 million deposit paid on signing and other provisional adjustments for net debt 
and working capital at completion. 
3 A portion of the US$1.2 billion facility is expected to be utilised post completion to retire existing debt within 
the KCG Group. 
For personal use only
MARKET RELEASE 
 
YANCOAL AUSTRALIA LTD  |2 
 
As disclosed in the announcement on 14 April 2026, Yancoal expects to dispatch to 
shareholders for their information a circular containing, including further details of the 
Acquisition and accountants’ reports, competent person’s report and valuation report on KCG 
by 23 November 2026.  
Mr Sharif Burra, CEO of Yancoal, said: 
"The acquisition of an 80% interest in the Kestrel Coal Mine represents a strong strategic fit 
for Yancoal and adds a high-quality, long-life metallurgical coal asset to our portfolio. Kestrel 
delivers increased scale and diversification to Yancoal’s portfolio; it adds a premium 
metallurgical coal to our product mix. The acquisition positions us to deliver greater value to 
our shareholders and consolidates Yancoal’s position as a leading Australian coal miner. We 
have worked closely with EMR, Adaro and KCG management over the past months to facilitate 
integration of Kestrel into the Yancoal portfolio. We look forward to working closely with the 
committed Kestrel employees, and Mitsui, our joint venture partner and owner of 20% of 
Kestrel, to continue to add value to the mine, local communities and stakeholders". 
 
END 
 
This announcement has been approved for release by the Disclosure Committee of Yancoal Australia Limited. 
Investor Relations Contact: Brendan Fitzpatrick, GM Investor Relations 
Email: Brendan.Fitzpatrick@yancoal.com.au 
Additional information about the Company is available at www.yancoal.com.au 
For personal use only