ASX Dividend Stocks: Yancoal's dividend drought continues as company hoards cash for M&A ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Dividends / ASX Dividend Stocks: Yancoal's dividend drought continues as company hoards cash for M&A Dividends DIVIDENDS News | Dividends ASX Dividend Stocks: Yancoal's dividend drought continues as company hoards cash for M&A Yancoal's tiny ~1% interim dividend yield triggered a sharp selloff despite strong production growth and $1.8bn cash balance. Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> Wed 20 Aug 2025, 12:24 AEST ∙ 3 min read Share Print Article Source: iStock Mentioned YAL $8B Yancoal Australia Ltd KEY POINTS Yancoal paid just 6.2 cents per share interim dividend (~1% yield) despite holding $1.8 billion cash, triggering a negative share price reaction. Strong operational performance with 16% production growth to 32.2m tonnes was overshadowed by the disappointing dividend payout to investors. Company continues prioritising potential coal mine acquisitions over shareholder returns, repeating last year's dividend disappointment. Many investors hold Yancoal ( ASX: YAL ) for just one simple reason – massive dividends. The coal miner delivered some extraordinary payouts between FY21 and FY23, with dividend yields of approximately 14%, 20%, and 27% respectively. However, the dividend party has been choppy over the past two years, with the company choosing to preserve cash to pursue "value accretive growth initiatives." Yancoal reported its half-year results after market close on Tuesday, with the numbers highlighting a solid operational performance, offset by lower coal prices. The key highlights include: ROM coal production up 16% to 32.2m tonnes (100% basis) Attributable saleable coal production up 11% to 18.9m tonnes; annualising above guidance midpoint Revenue down 15% to $2.68bn, driven by 15% lower realised coal price ($149/t) and 2% lower attributable sales volume due to weather-related transport delays Operating cash cost down 8% to $93/t (ex. royalties) Cash balance of $1.8bn at 30 June 2025 Interim dividend $82m or 6.2 cps Market punishes tiny dividend Despite sitting on a massive $1.8 billion cash pile, roughly a quarter of the company's ~$8 billion market cap, Yancoal opted to pay just $82 million in dividends, or 6.2 cents per share (approximately 1.0% yield). Investors weren't impressed. The stock opened down 5.9% at $5.85, plunged as much as 9.9% to $5.60, and was trading 7.7% lower at $5.74 by noon. The operational outcome and weak coal price backdrop are well-documented given miners reported quarterly updates and coal price performance is relatively accessible for most investors. The poor dividend outcome was clearly the catalyst for Tuesday's sell-off. History repeats from last year This isn't Yancoal's first dividend disappointment. The company delivered an even more brutal outcome at its full-year results on 20 August 2024, declaring no interim dividend whatsoever. The board stated that "retained cash providing flexibility for potential corporate initiatives and may be distributed in the future if not." That announcement triggered a 14.5% dip on the day (with an intraday fall of 23%), followed by another 11% decline over the subsequent eight trading sessions. Where to from here? Looking ahead, Yancoal's management outlined their view on coal market dynamics: During the past six months, we observed elevated global supply and subdued demand in both the thermal and metallurgical coal markets. Some supply-side responses to lower coal prices are beginning to emerge, aligning with our view that coal indices are currently below marginal cost on the global cost curve. We anticipate further supply reductions from higher-cost producers, which could support a recovery in coal price indices, similar to previous cycles. Such a recovery could strengthen our financial performance over the next twelve to eighteen months. On the acquisition front, the company has been active but unsuccessful. During last year's dividend pause, Yancoal lost bidding wars for BHP's Daunia and Blackwater mines (outbid by Whitehaven Coal) and failed to secure Anglo American's Queensland coal assets. The deliberately low interim dividend suggests the company remains on the hunt for opportunistic acquisitions. There's a potential silver lining for income-focused investors. Yancoal's constitution requires 50% of net profit to be returned to shareholders as dividends annually, though directors retain the right to suspend payments. If the company fails to acquire another project, then dividends could make a comeback. This was demonstrated during the FY24 results (20 February 2025), when Yancoal declared a fully-franked final dividend of $687 million or 52 cents per share (approximately 8.4% yield). The dividend news drove the stock sharply higher, up 5.7% on results day. For now, investors face a waiting game: will Yancoal finally secure a transformative acquisition, or will the cash eventually flow back to shareholders as substantial dividends? ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 26/07/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index