Don't cut your dividend: 3 lessons from Yancoal and Deterra's dividend changes ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Dividends / Don't cut your dividend: 3 lessons from Yancoal and Deterra's dividend changes Dividends DIVIDENDS News | Dividends Don't cut your dividend: 3 lessons from Yancoal and Deterra's dividend changes Consistent income stocks like Yancoal and Deterra face backlash for cutting payouts, triggeri Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 22 August 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 4 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock Mentioned AZJ $7.2B Aurizon Holdings Ltd DRR $2.3B Deterra Royalties Ltd IFL $3.2B Insignia Financial Ltd YAL $8B Yancoal Australia Ltd KEY POINTS Consistent dividend payers like Yancoal and Deterra face backlash for cutting payouts, causing significant share price drops and potential forced selling by income-focused investors Aurizon and Insignia Financial reported weaker-than-expected dividends for FY24. This drove substantial selling pressure on the day of the result Companies risk an identity crisis when diverging from established dividend policies, potentially leading to investor exodus and increased uncertainty about future capital allocation It's a pretty tough ask but companies that are known to pay a consistent and stable dividend need to sustain that payout instead of chasing shiny acquisitions. The main suspects here are Yancoal ( ASX: YAL ) and Deterra Royalties ( ASX: DRR ). From a reporting season perspective, there have been a few notable weaker-than-expected payouts from names like Aurizon ( ASX: AZJ ) and Insignia Financial ( ASX: IFL ) – which we will talk more about below. Recap of events Yancoal is notorious for being one of the highest-yielding stocks on the market. Between FY21-23, the company recorded a dividend yield of 14%, 20.2% and 27.0% respectively. Its latest result (released 19th August) dropped an absolute bombshell: "The Board has not declared an interim dividend in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2024, with the retained cash providing flexibility for potential corporate initiatives and may be distributed in the future if not." Yancoal finished the session down 14.5%. Yancoal 12-month price chart (Source: Market Index) Deterra manages a portfolio of resource royalties, most notably its Mining Area C (MAC) project, which is operationally managed by BHP. This asset is underpinned by a royalty agreement that ensures Deterra receives quarterly payments equivalent to 1.232% of the revenue generated plus a one-off $1 million for each tonne increase in annual production capacity. In essence, Deterra is iron ore exposure with greater stability. In June, Deterra did something that complete detracts from their identity as a consistent and stable income stock. The company cut its payout ratio from 100% to 50% in order to fund a lithium-centric acquisition. Deterra shares fell 7% on the news and two months later, it was down another 11%. Deterra 12-month price chart (Source: Market Index) Aurizon reported a weaker-than-expected FY24 result and FY25 guidance. The company's full-year dividend was also around 2.2% below market expectations. Aurizon shares finished the results session down 8.8%. Insignia Financial's FY24 result including revenue, funds under management and net profit was slightly ahead of market expectations. But nobody expected the company to pause its final dividend to enhance its balance sheet and allow for strategic flexibility. Insignia shares are down around 11% on Thursday. Why is this a problem? #1 Identity Crisis: Yancoal and Deterra Royalties are known for their dividends. You would argue that most long-term shareholders are primarily holding the stock for income. So what happens when the stock suddenly decides to do something else? Imagine if your favourite coffee joint (that you visit every single day) abruptly turned into a smoothie bar. You'd probably go somewhere else for coffee. #2 Forced Selling : The identity crisis leads me to my next point. If the stock is no longer paying a dividend (or made dramatic cuts) – this will drive a substantial amount of forced selling. This may take place across a few types of investors: Institutions and funds may exit the stock as it no longer meets their dividend requirements Financial advisors may advise clients to exit the stock as it no longer meets their income requirements Retail investors may sell for the above reasons or other factors such as stop losses, emotions etc. On the announcement day, Yancoal opened 13.8% lower but fell as much as 23.1%. That's a lot of downward pressure and likely comprised of the above factors. The stock also fell another 4.0% the next day. Yancoal intraday chart on 19 August 2024 (Source: TradingView) #3 The aftermath : What investors are left with is a lot of uncertainty. In the case of Yancoal, the company has $1.55 billion cash on the sidelines and likely waiting for an M&A opportunity. This raises the risk of overpaying for assets, diversifying into new geographies or like Deterra, into a new commodity that is not aligned with the company's longstanding identity. While missing dividend expectations due to weaker earnings is understandable, abruptly cutting or pausing dividends is almost unacceptable. Yancoal investors now face an uncertain wait, hoping a potential M&A announcement will restore the company's dividend-paying status and justify the retained cash. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 26/07/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index