BETA Close X FirstGroup plc announced that on August 14, 2026, its Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Ryan Mangold, acquired 281 ordinary shares at £1.85 per share, totaling £519.85, through the reinvestment of dividend income under the Share Incentive Plan. This transaction, which took place on the London Stock Exchange, is being disclosed in accordance with the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Disclaimer* FirstGroup plc LEI: 549300DEJZCPWA4HKM93 18 August 2026 Director/PDMR Shareholding On 18 August 2026, FirstGroup plc (the "Company") was notified by the Trustee of the Share Incentive Plan (the "Plan") that on 14 August 2026 that they had acquired 281 shares at £1.85 per share on behalf of Ryan Mangold (Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer) following the investment of the final dividend in respect of his shares acquired through the Plan. This notification is made in accordance with Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014. Enquiries Vanessa Estella Deputy Company Secretary 020 7291 0505 Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Ryan Mangold 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name FirstGroup plc b) LEI 549300DEJZCPWA4HKM93 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of 5p each GB0003452173 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares as a result of the reinvestment of dividend income c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £1.85 281 d) Aggregated information Aggregated volume Price 281 £519.85 e) Date of the transaction 14 August 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange (XLON) Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies FirstGroup (FGP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 8 minutes ago Thungela Resources Limited NPV (DI) 1 hour ago EKF Diagnostics Holdings 1 hour ago Touchstone Exploration Inc NPV (DI) 1 hour ago Predator Oil & Gas Holdings NPV 1 hour ago Pershing Square Holdings Ltd All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and