First (9

FirstGroup pic Company Nwbe SCITFINIG

Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Introduction Strategic report Governance report

Financial statements

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2024

We are FirstGroup

FirstGroup is a leading private sector provider of public
transport. We provide easy and convenient mobility,
improving quality of life by connecting people and
communities. Our services are a vital part of society,
transporting customers for business, education, health,
social and leisure purposes. Our businesses are

at the heart of our communities, and the services

we provide also support the delivery of wider economic,
social and environmental goals.

|

Introduction

Governance report

1__ FY 2024 highlights

403 Corporate Governance report

3 Ataglance

Chairman's statement
How our markets work
Our business model
40 Chief Executive Officer's review
15 Chief Executive Officer's Q&A
47_Ourstrategic framework
30__ Key performance indicators,
34 Business review
40. Financial review
48 Responsible bu

ess
74 Climate-related financial disclosures
85 Risk management

96 Viability and going concern

98 Our stakeholders

104
406
114
116
123 Responsible Business Committee report

124 mittee report
158

Governance at a glance
Board
Nor

jon Committee report
Audit Committee report

Remuneration Committee report

Directors’ report and
additional disclosures

161 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

nancial statements

162 Independent auditor's report

171 Consolidated income statement

172 Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income

173 Consolidated balance sheet

174 Consolidated statement
of changes in equity

401 Section 172 statement

| 254

475 Consolidated cash flow statement

477 Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

252 Group financial summary

‘Company balance sheet

‘Company statement of changes in equity

Notes to the Company
financial statements

Shareholder information
Glossary

Introduction Strategic report Governance report Financial statements, FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2028]
Highlights of th

Material increase in Group profit driven by continued progress in both

First Bus and First Rail further underpinning the Group's strong balance sheet. oo

Successful execu

Continued focus on operational
delivery and driving modal shift

« First Bus on track to achieve
10% adjusted operating profit
margin having grown
to 9.4% in H2 2024

= West Coast Partnership awarded
National Rail Contract to October
2032 with core three-year term

= Lumo has now carried more than
2.5m passengers since October
2021 launch and added 14% more
capacity over the last year

n of the Group's strategy

Enhancing the Group's sustainability
credentials and accelerating
decarbonisation in First Bus

= Landmark strategic joint venture
with Hitachi, Green Hire Purchase
Finance Facility and successful
applications for £16m ZEBRA 2
co-funding during the year

= c.300 electric buses delivered
in FY 2024 and more than 300
charger outlets installed

= Great Western Railway conducting
industry-first fast-charge
battery-only train trial

«= FirstGroup joined United Nations
Global Compact and First Bus
achieved Real Living Wage
employer status

Read more on page 17

Further growth and diversification
of the Group's portfolio

= York Pullman acquisition and
new Adjacent Services contracts
in First Bus

«= Formal applications submitted for
two new open access operations,
the extension of some of Lumo's
services to Glasgow, and for
additional paths on Hull Trains
and Lumo

«= First Rail awarded TfL London
Cable Car contract and qualified
to bid for Elizabeth Line contract

We have made considerable
progress in our financial

and operational performance

in FY 2024 as we continue

to transform and grow our
leading First Bus and First Rail
businesses. This is testament

to the resilience and capability of

- our people across the Group and

leaves us well positioned to grow
and create further value for all
our stakeholders.

Graham Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

Introduction Strategic report Governance report Financia statements FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2024 D
Highlights of the year continued
\
Perlormance summary
Fy 2024 6m) Fy 2028 em)
Group revenue Dividend per share Cont. Disc. Total Cont. Disc. Total
Continuing operations Revenue 4,715.1 - 4,715.4] 4,755.0 40 4,759.0
g. 4 71 5 4 m 5. 5p Adjusted! operating profit/loss) 204.3 (1:9) 2024] 161.0 (66) 154.4
. Adjusted operating profit margin | 4.3% 43%| 3.496 3.256
FY "202%: £4,755.0 FY 2023: 3.8p Adjusted profit/(loss) before tax 139.0 (2.2) 136.8 104.2 (6.3) 97.9
Adjusted EPS? 16.7p (0.3)p 16.4p} 10.9p (0.9)p 11.6p,
Dividend per share 5.59] 3.69
‘Adjusted net cash? 644 109.8
Group adjusted operating profit Share buyback
Continuing operations Continuing operations Statutory
£204.3m c.£117.6m FY 2024 tm) FY 2029 (om)
* “ . statory Cont Oise. _—‘otal Conte —Total
FY 2023: £161.0m_ Revenue 4,715.4 - 4,715.1] 4,755.0 40 4,759.0
Significant increase in Group c.£117.6m returned to shareholders via LGPS pension settlement and
adjusted operating profit to £204.3m buyback programmes in FY 2024 (£19.3m related charges (146.9) > (146.9) - -
(FY 2023: £161.0m) includes extra week remains to be completed as at 10 June 2024) | Other operating (costs)/income (4,521.7) (6.3) (4,527.0) (4,601.1) 27.3 (4,573.8)
of trading and receipt of higher than accrued FY Operating profitfloss) 5 (53) ata] 1539— 3852
2023 variable fees in First Rail (c.£13m) (Loss)/profit before tax (24.4) 128.7
Total comprehensive income/ : °
(loss) for the period 49.0} (7.4)
EPs? 4p 11.89
7 Net debt aaa 1,269.1
Adjusted earnings per share Adjusted year end net cash = Bonds, bank and other debt
Continuing operations Continuing operations net of (cash) 137) 44795)
IFRS 16 lease liabilities 1,458.51 1,748.6

16.7p

FY 2023: 11.6p

Adjusted EPS of 16.7p (FY 2023: 11.6p)
enhanced by repurchases of 80.6m shares
during FY 2024

£64.1m

FY 2023: £109.9m.

Strong balance sheet position

‘Cont? reers tothe Continuing operations comprising First Bus, Fst Ral, and Group Heme. ‘isc’ refers to discontinued
ns, being Fest Stuer, First Transit and Greyhound US.

1 “Adjusted earings are shown belore net agjusting tems anc excludes IFRS 16 impacts in First Rail management fe operations.
For definitions of alternative perormance measures anc other Key terms, see the definitions section on page 262.

2 "Adjusted EPS’ and EPS based on weighted average number of shares inthe period of 62.9m (FY 2025: 738.8) reflecting
‘the current year and prior year share Buybacks.

3. ‘Adjusted net cash’ comprises bonds, bank and other debt net of ree cash .e. excludes IFRS 16 ease Fabilties and
ting-enced cas.

FY 2024 statutory operating loss before tax of £(24.4)m includes predominantly non-cash charges
of £146.9m relating to the Group's termination of its participation in two Local Government Pension
‘Schemes during the period with an offsetting £161.0m gain in the Condensed Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive income.

Introduction ‘Strategic report

Governance report Financial statements

FrstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2008

FirstGroup

Who we are

FirstGroup is a leading private sector
provider of public transport. We have

a diverse portfolio of businesses including
bus, rail, coach and tram operations that
provide easy and convenient mobility,
improving quality of life by connecting
people and communities.

Our purpose

We provide efficient, reliable, safe and
increasingly sustainable transport links that
connect communities, and our services are
critical to ensuring local economies are vibrant
and robust.

Our strategy
FirstGroup's four strategic pillars will
support us to drive value and sustainable

growth and lead the way in our sector.

© ead more on page 17

Revenue
(as % of Group)

a‘

Adjusted operating
profit (as % of Group)

21% Mm FistBus 37%
79% im First Ral 6%

First Bus

First Bus is one of the largest regional bus
‘companies in the UK, carrying more than a million
passengers a day. We serve more than 20% of the
population in the UK with our local bus services.
We are a leading operator in the majority of our
local areas, including major urban centres such
as Glasgow, Bristol and Leeds. As well as
‘commercial networks, we also run buses on
behalf of organisations ranging from schools

to distribution centres and major

construction sites.

© Feod more on page 34

114m c.4,800

Peay
50 c.13,500
depots employees

Approximate First Bus market share
of UK market outside of London (%)

N“

Fist Bus 20%
Others 80%

First Rail

First Rail is one of the largest UK operators for
nearly three decades, with experience in running
all types of passenger ral services. We have

a track record of working successfully with a

‘wide range of partners under various types of
contracts, as well as delivering significant rail
infrastructure projects. We have three Department
{or Transport (OfT)-contracted operations: West
Coast Partnership (WCP) which includes Avanti
West Coast (Avanti), Great Western Railway
(GWA), South Western Railway (SWR), and two
‘open access operations: Hull Trains and Lumo,
We operate London Trams on behalf of Transport
for London (TIL) and Heathrow Express (HEX)

‘on behalf of Heathrow Airport.

© eed more on page 37

750,300 c.3,700

passenger locomotives and
journeys a day rail carriages

404

stations ‘employees

Passenger revenue base
“e First Rail operations (%)

Leisure
Sess — 1
Commuter 19%

c.15,500

@ Find outmore about
= © Firstcroup oniine

‘Avanti West Coast (Avant) —
Great Western Railway (GWA) —
South Western Rallway (SWR) —
Hull Train —

ume —

First Bus operations C]

Introduction Strategic report Governance report Financial statements

FirsGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2028

Chairman’s
statement

O)

FirstGroup has a clear purpose to
provide efficient, reliable, safe and
increasingly sustainable transport links
that connect communities, and our
services are critical to ensuring local
economies are vibrant and robust. @

David Martin
Chairman

Introduction

The last year has been a period in which
FirstGroup has continued to take strong and
Positive steps along the evolutionary journey
since | became Chairman in August 2019. The
Group has continued to demonstrate progress
and has become a resilient, focused and
profitable business which is well positioned

to deliver further long-term growth and value
{or all of our stakeholders.

‘The Group has leading positions in the bus and
rail sectors, a strong balance sheet, and we are
increasing the diversity of our revenue streams.
Our breadth of capabilities gives us a robust
platform to invest in growth opportunities and
enables us to lead the way as we play a critical
role in supporting economic and environmental
goals for the communities where we operate
across the UK and Ireland

During the year the Group continued its focus
on operational delivery and driving a shift from
other modes of transport to bus and rail. | am
pleased that First Bus is on track to achieve our
previously stated ambition of a 10% operating
margin and is continuing to work towards our
decarborisation targets, with around 300 new
electric buses delivered and more than 300
charger outlets installed in the year. The team
signed a landmark joint venture with Hitachi
focusing on the supply of 1,000 bus batteries
and executed a £150m Green Hire Purchase
Finance Facility for a similar number of bus
vehicle bodies. The team successfully applied
for government co-funding which will help
support the purchase of further such vehicles.
First Bus signed new Adjacent Services
contracts and also completed the acquisition of
York Pullman, opening up new opportunities in
North Yorkshire.

In First Rail, we were pleased to be awarded
National Rail Contract (NRC) for West Coast
Partnership to October 2032 with a core
three-year term, and we are leading the way
with new customer and sustainability initiatives,
including a battery train trial for GWR and new
trains entering service for SWR.

The Group's two open access rail operators go
from’strength to strength in this exciting market
with Lumo having carried around 2.5m
passengers to date and Hull Trains adding 14%
more capacity since December 2022 to meet
demand. The Group has submitted applications
for two new open access services from London
to both Sheffield and Rochdale, and also to
extend Lumo's services to Glasgow. First Rail
has also continued to diversify and grow its
earnings, including the award of the London
Cable Car contract. The division is also
shortlisted in the Elizabeth Line contract
bidding competition.

Inlast year's Annual Report, | wrote about the
industrial relations challenges in the rail sector,
which have remained a feature during the year.
While | am pleased that there has been
progress with both the TSSA and RMT unions
accepting offers that have been put to them,
the Aslef trade union for train drivers continues
to call industrial action, to the detriment of
everyone involved in the sector. We continue
to work closely with government and other
Partners to mitigate the effects on customers.

In recent months we have also heard competing
Visions for the future of the rail sector from both
‘main political parties. Companies such as ours
bring private investment and focus on cost
Control to the sector as well as driving passenger
demand. We know growth is key for the future

Of the railway, which is why alongside other rail
companies we have long called for reform and will
continue dialogue with the parties. In the bus
sector, we work closely with local authorities in
partnerships that are delivering effective change
for customers. | am equally confident that in areas
where authorities choose to franchise, the Group
ccan use its decades of experience to support
them as a partner of choice. The landscape

of public transport has always evolved and
continues to do so. We will work closely

with whichever political party is elected in the
upcoming general election, with the goal of
providing competitive, sustainable and improved
services for passengers and communities.

Introduction Strategic report

Governance report Financial statements

FrstGroup Annual Reportand Accounts 2028 &

Chairman’s statement continued

Our purpose and strategy
FirstGroup has a clear purpose to provide
efficient, reliable, safe and increasingly
sustainable transport links that connect
communities, and our services are critical
to ensuring local economies are vibrant and
robust. Public transport networks are the
lifeblood of successful towns and cities, and
tial to achieving global net-zero
itions. The sector has a key part
to play to help resolve some of society's most
important challenges, including climate change,
‘congestion and air quality.

‘The Group's Executive team led by Graham
‘Sutherland has developed a new strategy
during the year, underpinned by four strategic
pillars which will drive the Group forward over
the next period. These are to deliver for our
customers day in, day out; encourage people to
switch from car and plane travel to bus and rail;
lead in environmental and social sustainability
and to grow and diversify our portfolio. The
strategy was developed with and agreed by

the Board during summer 2023, and all
divisional strategies across the Group are

3ned with this. You can read more about

the strategy on page 17.

Capital allocation and dividend
Following the completion of the sale of the
North American divisions, the Board concluded
that a well-capitalised, de-risked balance sheet
provides FirstGroup with the flexibility to
pursue its strategy to diversify and grow and
support returns to shareholders. As a result,
the Group adopted a balanced capital
allocation policy, including commitments to
decarbonise the First Bus fleet, maintain the
progressive dividend and to review targeted
investment in strategically and financially
accretive growth opportunities.

‘The £75m on-market share buyback programme
‘was completed during the year and we launched
‘a subsequent £115m programme in August 2023.
‘The Group continues to re-purchase bonds and
has also reduced pension exposure by removing
or fully insuring c.£tbn of gross pension liabilities
without requiring any cash.

In ight of the Group's financial performance
in FY 2024 and in line with our progressive
dividend policy, the Board has proposed a

final dividend of 4.0p per share which is subject,
to shareholder approval at the Company's

2024 AGM.

The Board and corporate activity
During FY 2024 an independent board
effectiveness review was undertaken, which
you can read more about on page 113. | am
pleased to report that this review concluded
that all Directors standing for re-election had
performed well and that the Board has an
appropriate skillset and composition following
the changes made over the preceding

two years.

This year's financial results have been strong,
and we have made good strategic progress.
‘The Executive team have performed very well,
and Board members have provided strong
oversight. We held two Board meetings during
the year in cities where the Group operates

in order to allow Board members to meet
front-line employees and visit our operations.
in those areas.

Sustainability

FirstGroup is committed to being the partner

of choice for sustainable and innovative
transportation solutions. Leading in environmental
and social sustainability is one of the four pillars

of the Group's strategy and our commitment to

‘a zero emission trajectory for our vehicle fleets is
of the utmost importance. A second pillar of the

Group's strategy places an emphasis on driving
‘a modal shift from cars and planes to cleaner bus
and train travel and with transport accounting for
‘more than a quarter of the UK's total domestic
greenhouse gas emissions, iis vital that the
sector makes every effort to get people out

of cars and planes and onto buses and trains.

| am pleased to report that during the
year FirstGroup joined the United Nations
Global Compact and the Group was the

top performing bus and rail operator in
FTSE4Good Index, further enhancing our
sustainability credentials. We are making
‘good progress towards the First Bus 2035
Zero-emission target and both Avanti and
SWR developed verified science-based
targets this year, following the Group's lead
last year. This has also been the Group's first
year reporting to the Transition Plan Taskforce
and I look forward to the publication of the
Group's own transition plan later in 2024.

FirstGroup is a major employer across the UK
and also in Ireland and is committed to creating
‘a more diverse and inclusive business. The
First Connections programme was launched
this year offering further opportunities to those
female and ethnically diverse colleagues who
have taken part in the Step and Reach career
development programmes, and this year we set
new Group-wide diversity and inclusion targets.
| am also pleased to report that First Bus has
become the largest bus operator to gain Real
Living Wage accreditation.

‘The Board's Responsible Business Committee
oversees the Group's practices and
performance with respect to health, safety,
diversity and inclusion and sustainability,
including our transition to net zero. The
Committee has completed its second year

and you can read more about its activity

on page 123,

Our people

‘Our people are at the heart of our business
‘and we have continued to support them
through the challenging environment brought
about by inflationary pressures and industrial
action. | have been extraordinarily impressed
by the commitment and dedication that our
‘30,000 colleagues bring to the task of providing
the vital transport services on which millions
of our customers rely. On behalf of the Board
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to
all of our employees for their hard work during
the year and for continuing to support our
customers and communities.

Conclusion

Transport is a vital and environmentally-friendly
sector which is essential to the economy and
plays a significant role in people's lives, given
that people travel for a huge variety of business
and leisure reasons. FirstGroup is a cash
‘generative, well-capitalised business with a
strong balance sheet thanks to actions we have
taken in recent years. With leading positions
inthe bus and rail markets, the Group has a
strong platform from which to develop and take
advantage of the opportunities that exist for
growth, including the development of additional
and adjacent services in both divisions and
open access in First Rail. The Board is,
confident the transformation of the Group
undertaken since the sale of the North
American businesses is continuing to deliver
significant value for FirstGroup shareholders.
Changes in the political landscape will lead to
reform of the sector, no matter the result of the
general election, and this, coupled with the
diversification of the Group's revenue streams,
will lead to a great number of opportunities
ahead of us. As a result I, and all the members
of the Board, remain very confident about the
Group's future.

Introduction Strategic report

How our
markets work

Bus and rail operators connect
people and communities and
play a critical role supporting
the country’s economic

and sustainability goals.

Governance report Financial statements

FistGroup AnnualReport and Accounts 2028 G

The UK's regional bus market

Ina typical year, around 2.6 billion
passenger journeys are made

‘on bus services outside London,
generating approximately £4.4bn
in revenue.

Local bus services in the UK (with the exception
‘of London and Northern Ireland) have been
deregulated since the 1980s, with most
services provided by private operators,
although a small number of local authority-
‘owned operators still exist. The commercial
deregulated UK bus market is largely
competitive. Consequently, during a typical
year, a number of operators will enter and

leave the market

For the majority of local bus services outside
of franchises, operators set timetables and
fares on a commercial basis. A small
proportion of our local bus services are
operated for local authorities on a contract
basis, where commercial revenues are
insufficient to support the operations.

Bus operators’ revenues are principally derived
from fare revenue (passenger ticket sales and
concessionary fare schemes - reimbursements
by local authorities for passengers entitled to
free or reduced fares). Income is also generated
through tendered local bus services and
bespoke contracts for businesses or one-off
events, as well as tendered services for local
authorities such as Park & Ride schemes.

In addition, bus operators receive funding
including the Bus Services Operators Grant
(8SOG) ~ a partial fuel duty reimbursement
payment - in England, with similar schemes in
Scotland and Wales.

‘The UK Government's National Bus Strategy
announced in March 2021 included a
multi-billion-pound funding package to deliver
a step change in bus services across England.
Bus Service Improvement Plans (BSIPs) were
introduced as part of the strategy. These are a
mechanism for local authorities to work closely
with their local bus operators and communities
to deliver simpler fares, improved services and
thousands of new green buses via either

local authority-led Enhanced Partnerships or
franchising. Funding has also been allocated
to schemes aimed at stimulating passenger
demand, including free travel for Under 22s

in Scotland and the £2 fare cap in England.

In support of the decarbonisation agenda,
Westminster and the devolved governments
have a number of co-funding grant schemes
that are aiding the industry's investment in low
and zero emission buses.

PA Abn

of annual revenue generated
by regional bus operators

2.6bn

passenger journeys are
made outside of London
ayear

Introduction Strategic report

How our markets work
continued

(O)

More young people

and non-commuters are
taking advantage of the
benefits of bus travel

as an affordable and
sustainably conscious
transport option. @

Governance report Financial statements

FrstGroup Anns Reprt ard Accounts 20587

[partnershipsjandyranchising

Partnerships between operators and local
authorities are a core principle for the industry
and government to support service delivery,
minimise congestion and drive innovation

and investment,

Partnerships can take the form of partnerships,
such as Enhanced Partnerships, or franchising,
Under an Enhanced Partnership the local
authority commits to measures and facilities
and all operators are then bound to meet
certain standards of service. Facilities and
‘measures include bus priority lanes, bus stop
improvements, fare subsidies for particular
groups (e.g. under 25s or the unemployed),
new multi-operator or multi-modal ticketing,
better or new information including all-operator
apps, marketing campaigns and centralised
customer service.

Under the franchising model, potential
‘operators bid competitively for the right to
‘operate a bus franchise in accordance with
the local transport authority's requirements,
including bus routes, services, timetables and
frequencies and service quality standards.
Contracts are typically issued for an operator
to run a package of routes within a particular
geographical area and will contain the terms
on which the authority wants to procure the
service. Once the contract comes into effect,
‘no other operators can run bus services on
the relevant routes unless the authority has
given its approval

Demographics)

More people are using buses than ever before,
albeit less frequently with the new post-Covid
working patterns, as increased numbers

of young people and non-commuters are
taking advantage of the benefits of bus travel
as an affordable and sustainably conscious
transport option.

‘The ongoing digitisation of the industry is,
providing much greater insight and data on
customer habits and allowing operators to
introduce more simple and tallored ticketing
solutions. Operators are also able to use
real-time customer information to better
understand their customers and their
journeys, allowing them to make decisions
to continuously improve their networks,
timetables and pricing to provide a better
customer experience.

Market attractions

‘Supportive government policies.
Significant government recognition that
bus travel remains the most cost-effective
and quickest mechanism to achieve modal
shift from private car use, to lower
emissions, to improve congestion in

our towns and cities and to support
governments’ levelling-up agendas.

Digitisation is transforming the industry
giving operators increased visibility of
large numbers of customers, enabling
development of new propositions to
stimulate bus use.

Efficiency opportunities

Improved digital capabilities also provide
significant opportunities to optimise pricing,
improve service delivery and create more
efficient operations.

Favourable demographics

Demand growth opportunities exist in the
youth demographic where car ownership
is falling and customers are increasingly
environmentally aware.

Environmental benefits
Encouraging more people to use the bus and
introducing more environmentally-friendly
buses will create environmental benefits.

Introduction Strategic report
How our markets work
continued

Governance report Financial statements

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2024

8

The UK's rail industry

Passenger rail services are
primarily provided by private

Train Operating Companies (TOCs)
through contracts awarded by the
DfT or other government bodies.
There are currently 25 TOCs including
four open access operations in the
UK. There are currently four TOCs
operated by the UK Government's
Operator of Last Resort and seven
contracted by devolved governments
other than the DfT.

National Rail Contracts (NRCs) were introduced
by the DFT during the pandemic to support the
industry. Un