First 7p

irstGroup plc
Annual Report

Better journeys

Contents

We are
FirstGroup

FirstGroup is a leading private sector provider
of public transport. We create solutions that
reduce complexity, making travel smoother
and life easier. Our businesses are at the heart
of our communities, and the essential services
we provide are critical to delivering wider
economic, social and environmental goals.

Visit our website at www-firstgroupple.com
and follow us on Linkedin FirstGroup ple.

© Findout more about restorouponine

Read this report on!

Cc

Introduction

a1
02

Ata glance
Highlights

Strategic report

04
08
08
09

Chair's statement
‘Our markets

‘Our market drivers

‘Our business model

Chief Executive Officer's review

Our strategic pillars

Key performance indicators

Business review

Financial review

Responsible business
Climate-related financial disclosures
Our stakeholders

Section 172 statement

Risk management

Viability and going concern

FirstGroup Annual Report ond Accounts 2026

~ [Tela lis

Governance report

n
73
8
83
85
or

92
ns
118

inan

119
128
129
130
131

132
134
189
191

192
193
196
198

Corporate Governance report
Governance at a glance

Board

Nomination Committee report

Audit Committee report

Responsible Business Committee report
Remuneration Committee report

Directors’ report and additional disclosures
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

I statements

Independent auditors’ report
Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Consolidated cash flow statement

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Group financial summary

Company balance sheet

Company statement of changes in equity

Notes to the Company financial statements
Shareholder information

Glossary

Strategic report

| Ihtreduetion

Ataglance

FirstGroup

Financial

Governance report statements

2)

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2028 1

First Bus in

Who we are

FirstGroup is one of the UK's leading private sector
‘operators of public transport, with two divisions,
First Bus ond First Ra, operating a diverse portfolio.
of transport services. We have ¢.30,000 employees
‘ond carry nearly 15 million passengers a day.

Our strategy
Ourfour strategic pillars help us to drive volue
and sustainable growth forall our stakeholders.

© teed more bout ou strategy on page's

‘Our purpose
We provide efficient reliable, sate and increasingly
susteinable transport links that connect communities
Our businesses are atthe heart of ur communities
{and the services we provide are critical to ensuring
local economies are vibrant and robust.

Business sp
‘Adjusted revenue share (os % of Group)

EE
84% 16%

@ Fisr8us © Firsteait

Adjusted £5 contribution (pence)

CEE EE

14.0p 4.0p 7.9p

@restous  @openaccessond Ooi rocs ond
contactedvall”~ Rolservices

Our values

(@) Committed to our customers

©) supportive ofeach other

©@ Dedicated to safety

@) Setting the highest standards

(©) accountable for performance

Where we operate
— Avant west Coast (vant)

— Great western Roitway (GWA)

— New open access routes

BB Firsts operations

1.07m

posseng
journeys a day’

c.6,000

buses and coaches
(inctudes 1,409 zero
emission buses)

First Rail

e

c.365,000 c.320

passenger trains (includes
joureys.a day 208 bi-mode or
‘electric trains)

©.70

depots

€.18,000

employees

c.12,440

‘employees

221

stotions

First Bus is one of the largest bus companies
inthe Uk, with decades of experience working
closely with local authorities ond partners
‘across the UK and Ireland. We carry more than
‘one milion passengers o day and serve more
than 20% of the UK population with our regional
{and London bus and coach services.

Regional Bus

We provide tendered bus services for local
outhorities and are a leading operator in the
‘mojority of our local areas, including major urbon
centres such as Glosgow, Bristol and Leeds.

Business and Coach

‘Alongside the operation of our commercial
networks, our Business and Coach division
provides o range of services including
workplace shuttles at distribution centres
‘and mojor construction sites, school hie,
private tour operators, airports and airline
{05 well as rail replacement services.

Franchising
Intondon, First Bus London operates ¢:90
Transport for London (TIL) routes in west and
central london trom ten depots, serving

120 milion passengers annually. Fist Bus olso
‘operates services in Rochdale on behalf of
Transport for Greater Manchester (TIGM)

First Rail has more than 25 years of experience
{n the rail sector and has been one of the UK's
leading operators for a number of years.

Openaccess
We have two open access cil operations, Hull
‘Trains and ume, with three routesin operation
(two on the East Coast Main Line and anew String
to london service on the West Coast Main Line),
with a fourth service between Carmarthen and
London Paddington service entering mobiisation

Transport for London contracts

\We have operated tondon Trams and the London
Cable Car for a number of years on behalt of Tt.
‘and, in 2025, we were awarded the contract to
‘operate the London Overground from May 2026,

Government-contracted operations
We have two Department for Transport (Of7)
train operating companies (T0Cs), Great
‘Western Railway (GWR) ond West Coast
Partnership (WCP), which includes Avanti West
Coast, and we operoted South Western Railwoy
(swe) from May 2021 to 25 May 2025, when it
transferred to the DIT Operator (0170).

Rail Services

(Our Rail Services businesses include First
‘Customer Contact, Mistral Date and First Rail
Consultancy which offer a variety of solutions
forthe bringing exper
‘expertise and benefits to the sector.

regional us possengers ony.

Financiol
Strategic report Governance report _ statements FirstGroup Annual Report ond Accounts 2028 2

Highlights of the year

‘Successful execution of our proven UK-focused growth and diversification strategy has driven further earnings and portfolio growth, and material shareholder returns.

£1,716m (1.25%) c.£9m eredin First Bus First Rail

£1,443.6m 3.1m
£219.4m 20.3p Tetalreverue up 33% open access possengerjoumeys.up 4%

Group adjusted operating profit marginally lower: Adjusted EPS (FY 2025: 19.4p)

* Continued profit growth in First Bus with First Rall Strong cash conversion and balance sheet Adjusted operating profit up 7% to €102.8m Open access revenue increased to £109.3m;
ower due to additional costs in open access, the maintained; adjusted year-end net debt of £138m: ‘on course to more than double open access

transition of SWRin May 2025 onda f7™mlower opacity over the next two to three years.
[res 18 edjuatrnenein tre Orv Toe Free cash flow of £73.8m betore acquisitions

)
1 tacucing the DIT TCs, Group ods ona retuns 26%
preheat ata eaeel ‘= c.£35m growth investment and accelerated

operating profit grow 1 UK bus eet zeremission(43x.ottondon | | awordotndon overground contract
cepex ot £190m prnepaly on First Bus reabuves) ot end of arch 2028 impecember 2025, wit mobitsation on
= £89m returned to shareholders via dividends ‘SMay 2026
tend 2026 ¢S0m buyback progrertme
free cosh generation o £400 anticipated 3 OT foc performance in ine wth
acquisitions of well-established coach expectations and further growth in
businesses to further grow Business and Rail Services during FY 2026

Coach operational and asset footprintin

7. 2p £1 00m key markets. Two further acquisitions post
° period end:

Final dividend of 5.0p per share proposed further buyback programme announced;

with FY total of 7.2p (FY 2025: 6.5p); policy expected to complete over next 12 months

tightening towards 2.5x cover ratio over time

Introduction Strategic report

Our strong performance in FY 2026
against significant headwinds
has reinforced our track record

for delivery and shareholder
returns. Looking ahead, our focus
on operational excellence and our

diverse portfolio, robust asset base

and cash-generative businesses
will enable continued growth and
scope for further material returns.

As the UK bus and rail industries
evolve over the coming years, we
will continue to position the Group

as a leading UK transport company

with the commitment, expertise,

scale and financial strength to build

active, long-term partnerships to
create better transport services.”

Graham Sutherland
Chief Executive Officer

Financial

Governance report —_ statements FitstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2028 03
Performance summary
72026 em) 2025 (em)

Cont oe. Torah ont Die Toros
‘Adjusted revenue! 17187 = 1718.7 13700 - 13700
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)* 29.4 a 18 228 (08) 2222
Adjusted operating profit margin 28% 29% 163% 162%
Adjusted proft/loss) before tox? 24 18, 1651 (08) 1643
Adjusted EPs** 203p op 207 1e4p (o1)p 193p
Dividend per share 72p 65p
Adjusted net debt? 1377 869

¥2020(Em) £2025 (em) stated)

statutory ont he Totoi ont ise. Totot
Revenue 47818 - 478. 52338 = 52338
Operating profit 2194 2 zs 226 49 278
Profit betore tox 1588 1696
Pst zap 2153p
Net debt 783 9856
~ Bonds, bank and other debt net of (cash) (242) (2288)
= IFRS 16 lease liabilities, 850.0 12144

‘Cont’ refers to the continuing operations comprising First Bus, First Rall and Group items. ‘Disc’ refers to discontinued operations, being First Student, First Transit and
Greyhound us.

1 ‘Aajustod revenues dined os revenue excluding tht element of OT TOC revenue ond rlatd intercompany simintions, wher the Group takasSubstotialy no revenve isk. The Austad avenue measure
Includes management ond performoncs les income eornadby the Group toms OT TOC cantrcts,

2 “Aajusted operating roi oss) and Aajustas prfioss) bolo

2 “Aajusted soning oe shown beter net adjusting lam ond exe
‘on poges 210

4 ‘ajustod€P5'and es oe bosod onthe woighto average numba of shares in the patio of $634 min (FY 202: 5977 mon) retecting the cutant yer on pio year share buybacks.

5 ‘Adjusted nt debris bonds, bank and othe debt nat of roa cosh (1a. excludes S15 t0s0 bites and ng fenced cash.

{6 Tarestatemento he 2025 income statement eote to thareclasieaton of olevy expense of E1676m which Nod previously be
both revenue and expanses by £1576m. The restatemant has no mmpact on any prltabty measice or thar primary statements
the valu et aos0 ladies ecqured,esuting na restatement othe ncption of easas and he pir yeor losing nat Sob

‘ore bere casting toms 0 et outin note 410 he tinoncal sttoments.
IFRS 16 impact Fret Rol management foe operations Fr delintone a emotive performance measures ond other key term, £68 not64

Financial

Introduction statements

Strategic report

Governance report

Chair's statement

Seizing
opportunities

ve)

The last year has been an
important one for FirstGroup as
we continue to execute our UK-
focused growth strategy, driven
by the hard work, dedication
and expertise of our people.”

Lena Wilson CBE
Choir

Introduction

‘Change has been the constant theme for all UK
businesses over the last twelve months ~ and no less,
in our sector, with lots of significant shifts underway,
from rail nationalisation to bus franchising,

Inmoments of major transformation, what's
koy is how you respond. As Chair of FirstGroup,

ve been delighted to see how our teams have
‘adopted to meet and succeed in this shifting
external landscape: driving more improvements
for customers; further diversifying our range of
transport services in the Uk; and drawing on the
expertise of our people to help us move from being
operators to active partners for stakeholders.

| saw this for myself at our Stamford Brook depot,
where had the chance to meet our exceptional
teams that are overseeing First Bus London's services,
This year ve olso seen our electrification projects at
our Hengrove and Basildon bus depots, visited our
Lawrence Kill and Hadleigh depots, and met with
colleagues, shareholders and customers. 'm proud,
to see how we are using our knowledge, investment
‘and insights to help our partners solve problems,
‘moke transport cleaner, improve journeys for people,
‘and better connect the communities we serve,

Strategy
The last year has been on important one for FrstGroup
{95 we continue to execute our Uk-focused growth
strotegy, driven by the hard work, dedication and
expertise of our people,

The strategy was introduced in 2024, and it’s a
‘measure ofits robustness that it remains central
{5 the guide for our future action today. Over the
year, we've reshaped and grown the busines:
{and maintained earnings growth for shareholders,
while at the same time navigating the far-reaching
reforms in the rail and bus industries, rising costs
‘and the effects of inflation,

‘Our work has been underpinned by strong cash
{generation and a robust balance sheet which
Supports continued investment, adding value and.
further diversitying our service offering, while also
<alivering on our commitments to shareholder value.

"m also happy to record significant progress against
allfour of our strategic priorities.

Firsteroup annuol Report ond Accounts 2028

Making every journey better

The work our teams do day in, dy out, to get people
where they need to be, ixing problems ond creating
services thot people can depend on, is foundational
toFirstGroup’s success.

We've achieved some important milestones in the
last twelve months on both rail and bus.

According to the Rail Customer Experience Report,
Hull Trains was the top scoring operator in the Rail
Customer Experience Survey covering the period
from October 2025 to January 2026.

First Bus also saw o significant lift inits Net Promoter
Score, from Il in FY 2025 to 17 for FY 2026, which was
rooted in improvements in operational performance.

I'm also very pleased to see FirstGroup playing its
port in addressing the nationwide challenge of
harassment and violence against women and gitls
(vawe). across FirstGroup, including First Bus, GWR,
Avanti West Coast, Hull Trains and Lumo, we are now
‘accredited by White Ribbon UK, the UK's leading
charity working to end VAWG. This reflects our
Commitment to helping drive real change. As port
of this, we are also rolling out training for our bus
and coach rivers to give them the skils to safely
intervene, so they can confidently support female
ossengers if they experience harassment,

Getting more people on buses
andtrains

‘Across bus and rail combined, we already take core
of nearly 15 million UK passengers every single day.
Thot's something know our team never takes for
granted. We want to go further in encouraging more
people to choose buses or trains, helping strengthen
ur communities, cutting UK carbon emissions and
delivering business growth in the process.

This requires investment in new rail routes and trains,
technological solutions to make it more convenient
‘and easier to choose a bus, and creating adjacent
services to better meet passenger needs,

Introduction

Strategic report

(On the first of those requirements, our plans will see
Us more than double our open access capacity in
the next few years, delivering new routes for Lumo
‘and Hull Trains loter this year, and with plans already
submitted for further extensions and new routes,
such os Cardiff to York

\We already know our open access services ore
popular, with passenger journeys up by 4% to

31 milion journeys across Lumo and Hull Trains, and
volumes on the East Coast Main Line significantly
‘ahead of pre-pandemic levels.

{As part ofthis, |was thrilled to see the launch of
Lumo's West Coost Stirling to London Euston service
in May 2026, something thot has been praised by
local leaders os helping open up inward investment
‘and connect communities, as well as providing a
‘cheaper and more environmentally friendly
‘olternative to domestic short-haul fights.

We are also using technology to help make public
ttonsport a convenient alternative to taking the cor.
Alisnow helping manage our bus scheduling and,
‘olong with good progress in driver recruitment, we
sow a mojor cutin ost mileage (down by 20% in FY
2028), al helping to improve reliability for customers.
As the first nationwide operator to offer Tap on,

Top off payment on al of our buses, over 80%

cof our ticket transactions ore now digital

Investing in cleaner, smarter transport
The lost twelve months have seen FirstGroup make
significant strides in our goals for sustainability

What's exciting about this is the potential for us
toimprove customer experiences, reduce carbon
‘emissions, strengthen our asset base ond unlock
future potential revenue streams, all with the
same actions.

We've continued to invest in cleaner buses ond
trains, investing c.£500m over the last four years.
This has accelerated the number of zero emission
buses in our fleet to over 1,400, ust over @ quarter
of the entire fleet. we now have four fully electric
depots and 17 partially electric depots, services
that we are also monetising through the launch
of First Charge, providing third party access to
our charging infrastructure.

Financial

Governance report statements

(Our commitment to sustainability has also won
important external recognition in the last yeor.
FirstGroup was ranked the UK's fourth top company
‘and NI8th overall in the Carbon Clean 200 list, and
we were also recognised as one of Europe's $0 Most,
Sustainable Corporations, rising 15 ploces from lost
year to number 31 in the rankings

Diversifying our business
The last year has seen us continue to expand into
adjacent markets, bringing attractive opportunities
{or growth of market shore in the UK while benefiting
from efficiencies of scale ond integration.

The opportunity in London is a great example of this.
The acquisition of RATP’s London operations in 2025
helped First Bus London to copture an 1M market
share of the bus network. Already running London
Trams, and the London Cable Car, and now with
First Rois appointment as operator of the London
Overground from May 2026, these strategic moves.
have added to our reputation as a key transport
partner for the copital.

We continue to diversity our services by acquiring
long-standing family run regional coach operators.
with strong local footprints. Acquisitions during FY
2028 included J68 Travel and Tetley’s Coaches in
Leeds ond Hills Coaches in Wolverhampton ~ all
established businesses thot are complementary to
‘our existing operations and reflect out strategy to
grow a high-quality, diversified coach portfolio in
key regional markets.

{In Roll,to0, we are looking to build on already existing
services to meet additional market opportunities.
‘Lumo’s recent expansion on the West Coast Main
Line from Stirling to London, along with an extension
‘of our Edinburgh service to Glasgow, opens up new
markets for us ~ and will hopefully bring even more
tourists to Glasgow to enjoy the Commonwealth
‘Games this summer.

People

Just 0s our business grows and adapts, so we need
the same from our workforce. As well as providing
suppart for personal development. 'm realy pleased
that we hove continued to enable colleagues from
different backgrounds to have their voices heard at
cll tevels in the company. In the last year, we've
introduced a new Colleague Advisory Ponel which
ives the opportunity for colleagues to get together
with some of our Non-Executive Directors to discuss
their ideas ond feed back on what's working well
{and where we can improve. tam a big fan of this
approach, encouraging an open, questioning
culture, and a sense of shored responsibilty or
coming up withthe solutions.

ve olso been delighted to take part in several Women
@ First events. This colleague led network supports
and connects women across the business through
networking, mentoring and speaker programmes.
Ithelps raise the profile of women at FirstGroup,
fostersa strong sense of community, and

provides valuable opportunities for colleagues

to share experiences, build confidence and

support development.

05

FlrstGroup Annual Report ond Accounts 2026

Finally, 1am very proud to see FirstGroup ranked Ist
in the FTSE 250 for female representation on our
Boord by the FTSE Women Leaders Review. Women
‘make up two thirds of our Board. We are building o
business that volues obility and performance more
than background and that is open for the full range
of talent our industry has to offer.

wrote in my first statement as Chair last yeor that
| could see huge potential inthis business. This year,
| se8 a huge amount of progress achieved and that
potential starting to be realised. Together we are
‘creating a stronger, more resilient FirstGroup that’s
better able to thrive in the new environment and
‘seize the many opportunities infront of us. Thank you
toll my colleagues for their briliont work to ensure
‘we are set to meet the future with confidence.

Lena Wilson CBE

Chair
17 June 2025,

First Bus London's electrified Westbourne Park depot

Introduction Strategic report

Our markets

The UK bus market

£7.7bn

Passenger journeys per annum

4.0bn

The UK bus market is fragmented
and competitive, with bus and
coach services operated by both
major national operators and a
large number of small businesses.
Revenue sources vary, but most
operators earn income from

a mix of commercial fares and
contracted work. In London, bus
routes are franchised by Transport
for London (TfL) but operated

by private companies under
contract. Outside London, a
number of mayoral authorities
have chosen franchising as

their preferred future option

for bus delivery so the regional
bus market will see significant
change over the next few years.

ioe

vA
Cc

Financial

Governance report statements

FirstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2026 6.

Contracts overview

Bus Services Act 2025

cola =) ti 6 Oo

Franchising

Bus franchising is a regulatory model in which
local authority designs, specifies and controls
the local bus network. Operators then compete
torun individual routes or a number of routes
under 9 contract.

In London, authorised private sector operators
bid for individual route contracts. TH decides

the contract specifications for a given bus route,
controls ticket prices and collects passenger
revenue. Operators own or lease the buses and
depots, and recruit and employ drivers to run
routes. The route contracts bear no revenue risk

‘on the base price bid and operator performance
is measured and incentivised or penalised through
quality of service indicators within the contracts.

Outside London, contracts are typically issued
for an operator to run a package of routes within

@ particular geographical area and will contain
the terms on which the authority wants to procure
the service. As these are bus operating contracts,
the authority generally takes the revenue risk
Regional authorities can own bus depots ond fleets
under franchising, but they ore not required to.
Where authorities do opt to own depots and fleets,
lower margins will be offset by lower operator
copitol expenditure. Once the contract comes into
‘effect, no other operators can run bus services on
the relevant routes unless the authority has given
its epproval

Regional bus operations
Outside of london, for the majority of services,
aside trom franchising and enhanced partnerships,
operators set timetables and fares on @ commercial
basis. Operators earn commercial fore revenue
rectly rom passengers and concessionary fare
revenue where they are reimbursed by local
‘authorities for passongers entitled to tree or reduced
fares. A small proportion of services are operated on
behat of ocal authorities ona contract Basis, wher
revenues are insufficient to suppor the operators.

Under an enhanced partnership the local
‘authority commits to measures and facilities,
‘ond all operators are then bound to meet certain
stondords of service. Facilities and measures can
include bus priority lanes, bus stop improvements,
{are and ticketing schemes, better or new
information including all-operator apps

‘and centralised customer service,

Business and Coach

The Business and Coach market includes private
bus ond coach services that complement traditional
bus operations. These include workplace shuttles,
schoo! transport ond tours, airport services, private
hire services for events, scheduled express services
nd rail replocement services.

‘The Bus Services Act 2025 received Royal
‘assent in October 2025. The Act empowers
ail ocal transport authorities in England

tochoose the bus operating model that
works for them, be it franchising, enhanced
partnerships or local authority bus
companies (previously known as municipal
bus companies). The Act also includes
provision for an end of diesel sole date,

(8 well as.c number of mandates including
fon staff training for disability awareness
‘and anti-social behaviour.

In June 2025, the Government's Spending
Review confirmed a three-year settlement
for bus, mainly for local transport authorities,
introducing greater certainty. The £3 fare capin
England was also extended to January 2027,

Introduction Strategic report

The UK rail market

Industry r

£11.5bn

Passenger journeys per onnum

1.7bn

jenue in 2025

The UK rail industry is transitioning
toa more unified structure with the
majority of passenger operators,
apart from open access, moving
to public ownership and ultimately
being integrated into Great British
Railways (GBR).

r

Finonciol

Governance report statements

FlrstGroup Annual Report and Accounts 2026

Contracts overview

Openaccess
‘Open access has been a successful component of
the UK olindusty for the past 25 years, improving
connectivity to underserved areas and adding
capacity that encourages a shift from less
sustainable modes of transport. Operated entirely
atthe provider's commercial risk, open access
services attract private investment, create jobs
{and generate significant economic value.

‘There are currently five open access train
‘operating companies in the UK, including three
long-distance operators, Heathrow Express and
Eurostar. These operators take full responsibility
for commercial decisions such as pricing and.
‘employment terms.

‘pen access track access agreements are
‘awarded by the Office of Rail and Road (ORR),
typically for ten-year periods with potential for
renewal. Routes are approved where there is a
‘clear case for enhancing competition, generating
ew revenue and delivering broader economic
benefits to the communities served.

Railways Bill

London Overground
Under the terms of the London Overground
contract, I retains ol passenger revenue risk and
some cost risk for electricity pricing, regulatory
Charges ond inflation protection up to an agreed
‘emount. The contract also includes a profit margin
‘on concession payments.

Tit specifies the service levels, with the operator
responsible for the delivery of train services and
the management of stations. in addition, service
‘quality regimes provide the opportunity to earn
‘additional fees if the operator achieves greater
levels of performance in areas such as the delivery
of customer service levels, customer satisfaction
‘ond ticketless travel

Government-contracted operations
Under the terms of the DfT concession-based,
National Rail Contracts (NRC), operotors

bear no revenue risk and very limited cost risk
Operators eam an annual management fee

for service delivery withthe opportunity to earn
odditional pertormance-based revenue. The
Government passed legislation in November 2024
allowing for the nationalisation of passenger train
operators; as a result, the OfT-contracted TOCs are
being transferred to the 0170, before being
‘absorbed into GER

‘The principal development in rail policy
during FY 2026 has been the introduction of
the Rallways Bll to Parliament. The Bill was
introduced to the House of Commons in
November 2025. its primary purpose is to
‘enable the creation of GBR, which will be

the new publicly owned body that takes
responsibility for both railway infrastructure
‘and most passenger train services. the
stated aims of t