Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement On April 23, 2026, Equifax Inc. (the “Company”) and certain of its subsidiaries, Equifax Limited, Equifax Canada Co., Equifax International Treasury Services Unlimited Company and Equifax Australia Holdings Pty Ltd (collectively, the “Subsidiary Borrowers”), entered into a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the “Amendment”), which amends the Company’s existing Credit Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2021, among the Company, the Subsidiary Borrowers, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as previously amended, the “Credit Agreement”). The Amendment, among other things, increases the commitments of the unsecured revolving credit facility provided pursuant to the Credit Agreement from an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion to aggregate principal amount of $2 billion, increases the swingline loan availability from $150 million to $200 million, and removes the 10 basis point credit spread adjustment applicable to “Term SOFR” borrowings. In addition, the Amendment extends the termination date with respect to $1.9 billion of the aggregate revolving credit facility commitments by one year from August 25, 2028 to August 25, 2029. The termination date with respect to the remaining $100 million of the revolving credit facility commitments is August 25, 2028. Except as amended by the Amendment, the terms of the Credit Agreement remain in full force and effect. The foregoing description of the Amendment is only a summary, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial or an Obligation Under an Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information contained in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2026, by and between Equifax Inc., the designated borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EQUIFAX INC. By: /s/ Julia A. Houston Name: Julia A. Houston Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Date: April 24, 2026