Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2026  
 
RIO TINTO FINANCE (USA) LIMITED 
(ABN 84 062 129 551) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Victoria, Australia) 
RIO TINTO FINANCE (USA) PLC  
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales)  
RIO TINTO FINANCE (USA) INC.  
(incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware) 
as Issuers 
RIO TINTO PLC  
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) 
RIO TINTO LIMITED 
(ABN 96 004 458 404) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Victoria, Australia) 
as Guarantors 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc, Rio Tinto Finance (USA) 
Limited (ABN 84 062 129 551) and Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. (each an “ Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes (“Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by each Issuer will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Rio Tinto plc (“RTP”) 
and Rio Tinto Limited (ABN 96 004 458 404) (together with RTP, the “Guarantors” and each a “Guarantor”). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in 
the Dealership Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a “Dealer” and, together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more 
than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) in accordance with the rules in the 
Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook (the “PRM”) made pursuant to its rule-making powers under the Public Offers and 
Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024 (the “POATRs”). The FCA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the rules in the PRM. Approval by the FCA should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantors or of the quality 
of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to the FCA for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to the official list of the FCA (the “Official List”) and to the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”) for such Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the 
London Stock Exchange’s main market and have been admitted to the Official List. The London Stock Exchange’s main market is a UK regulated market for the 
purposes of Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from the date of approval in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) 
which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market, will be filed with the FCA and the London 
Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market (and/or any other stock exchange or market). 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantors may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee (as defined herein) that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes.
Arranger for the Programme 
HSBC 
Dealers  
ANZ 
BNP PARIBAS 
CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK (ASIA) 
CITIGROUP  
DEUTSCHE BANK 
ICBC 
MIZUHO   
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
TD SECURITIES  
BANK OF CHINA 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CIBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN  
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
SMBC  
UBS INVESTMENT BANK
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of PRM 2.3 in relation to each 
Issuer.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantors, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement thereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference and, in relation to any Series of Notes, should be read and construed 
together with the applicable Final Terms. Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of 
the relevant Issuer and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and, 
in the case of Notes admitted to the Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market, 
the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the London Stock Exchange through a 
regulatory information service. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference ”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FCA.  
Each Issuer and Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below 
that this Base Prospectus is in every material particular true and accurate and is not misleading; that there are 
no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the 
omission of which would, in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes, make any statement herein 
misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain such facts and 
to verify the foregoing. Each Issuer and Guarantor has further confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus 
(together with the applicable Final Terms) contains all such information as may be required by all applicable 
laws, rules and regulations. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantors, any Dealer or Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited (the “Trustee”) to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuers, the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, any Dealer or the Trustee. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective 
affiliates, and neither the Dealers nor the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation 
or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date thereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of 
the Issuers or the Guarantors since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
Each of RTP and Rio Tinto Limited has been rated P-1 (short-term rating) and A1 (long-term rating) by 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), A-1 (short-term rating) and A (long-term rating) by S&P
4 
Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”) and F-1 (short-term rating) and A (long-term rating) by Fitch Ratings Ltd 
(“Fitch”). The Programme has been rated A by S&P and A by Fitch, and the Programme is expected to be rated 
A1 by Moody’s. 
Moody’ s: Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and is registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “ UK CRA 
Regulation”). Moody’s is not established in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) but the ratings of 
Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and is registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).  
S&P: S&P is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. S&P is not 
established in the EEA, but the ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, 
which is established in the EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Fitch: Fitch is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not 
established in the EEA, but the ratings of Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is 
established in the EEA and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any of the rating agencies referred to 
above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued or to the Programme by the relevant 
rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In the case of any Notes which are offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”), the minimum denomination of each Note shall be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold, distributed or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
“retail investor” means a person who is either one (or both) of the following: (i) not a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (ii) not a qualified investor as defined in paragraph 15 of 
Schedule 1 to the POATRs. Consequently, no disclosure document required by the FCA Product Disclosure 
Sourcebook (“DISC”) for offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering, selling or distributing the Notes or otherwise
5 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under DISC and the Consumer 
Composite Investments (Designated Activities) Regulations 2024.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules ”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “ UK MiFIR product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Dealers and the Trustee to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Bearer Notes 
comprise Notes in bearer form which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States (also referred to herein as the “U.S.”) or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantors, the
6 
Dealers, the Trustee or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantors. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Sophisticated investors generally do not purchase financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 “U.S. dollars” and “U.S.$” refer to United States dollars; 
 “A$” refer to the currency of Australia; 
 “HKD” refer to the currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s 
Republic of China (“Hong Kong”);
7 
 “RMB”, “CNY” and “Renminbi” refer to the currency of the People’s Republic of China, 
excluding Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau (“China”); 
 “Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling; and 
 “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended from time to time. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
UK BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference 
to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or the Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). As far as the Issuers are aware, 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR do not fall within the scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................. 34 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM ................................................77 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................ 83 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................... 84 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................................... 98 
RIO TINTO FINANCE (USA) LIMITED ...................................................................................................... 107 
RIO TINTO FINANCE (USA) PLC ............................................................................................................... 108 
RIO TINTO FINANCE (USA) INC. .............................................................................................................. 109 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 110 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................ 119 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 126
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and should be read in conjunction with the 
rest of this document and, in relation to any Notes, in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms and, to the 
extent applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Appendix 1, Annex 
3.2 of the PRM. 
Issuers: Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc 
 Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited 
Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. 
Guarantors: Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited. 
Legal Entity Identifiers (LEIs): Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc: 2138006TSNBEUA761G16 
 Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited: 
213800RX94ZKEZXPKH58 
Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc.: 875500ZLU9FC9N2OUE63 
Arranger: HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers: Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ABN 11 
005 357 522), Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of China Limited, 
London Branch, BNP PARIBAS, Canadian Imperial Bank of 
Commerce, London Branch, China Construction Bank (Asia) 
Corporation Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC Bank plc, ICBC Standard 
Bank Plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Merrill Lynch 
International, Mizuho International plc, RBC Europe Limited, 
SMBC Bank International plc, Société Générale, The Toronto-
Dominion Bank and UBS AG London Branch and any other 
dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuers generally in 
respect of the Programme or by the relevant Issuer in relation 
to a particular Tranche (as defined below) of Notes.  
Trustee: Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Issue and

---

d 31 December 2025 
 2024 2025 
Consolidated income statement  Page 162 Page 165 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
Page 163 Page 166 
Consolidated cash flow statement Page 164 Page 167 
Consolidated balance sheet Page 165 Page 168 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity 
Page 166 Page 169 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements (including 
accounting policies) 
Pages 167-230 Pages 170-229 
Independent auditors’ report Pages 246-264 Pages 246-265 
 
Unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto 
Limited as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2026 
Consolidated income statement  Page 31 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
Page 32 
Consolidated cash flow statement Page 33 
Consolidated balance sheet Page 34 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity 
Pages 35-36
33 
Notes to the consolidated interim 
financial statements 
Pages 37-55 
Independent auditors’ review 
reports 
Pages 57-59 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. In relation to the documents listed in (10) to (12) above, 
only the corresponding sections of those documents as set out in the cross-reference lists above shall be 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuers or the Guarantors shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant 
to PRM 10.1, the relevant Issuer or Guarantor, as the case may be, will prepare, submit to the FCA for approval 
and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue 
of Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market, shall 
constitute a prospectus supplement as required by PRM 10.1. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during 
the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantors, as the case may be, shall prepare and submit to the FCA for approval a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such 
Dealer may reasonably request.
34 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed in relation to any Notes 
by the applicable Final Terms, will be applicable to each Series of Notes. Certain provisions relating to the 
Notes whilst in global form, and certain modifications of these Terms and Conditions applicable to Notes whilst 
in Global Form, are described in the section entitled “Provisions Relating to the Notes Whilst in Global Form”. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc, Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited or Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. (each 
an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) and guaranteed by Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited (each a 
“Guarantor” and together the “Guarantors”). The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) dated 22 December 1999 
made between, inter alios, the Issuers, the Guarantors and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, 
which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and to the “Issuer” are 
to the Issuer of such Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of payments and other matters relating to the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) 
an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement ”) dated 31 October 2025 has been entered into between the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Issue and Paying Agent (the “Issue and Paying 
Agent”, which expression shall include any successor Issue and Paying Agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar), the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Issue and Paying Agent and the Registrar, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), and a transfer agent and the other transfer 
agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agents). The Issue and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and the other Transfer Agents are together 
referred to as the “Agents”. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the “ Conditions”). 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the “Holders” (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes (as defined below)) the holders for the time being of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes (as 
defined below)) the persons in whose name the Notes are for the time being registered) and the holders of the 
Coupons

---

any part of its undertaking or 
assets, present or future (including any uncalled capital), in order to secure any existing or future quoted foreign 
borrowings of itself or another (or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof) without in any such 
case at the same time according to the Notes (a) to the satisfaction of the Trustee, either the same security as is 
created or is outstanding in respect of such quoted foreign borrowings (or any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
thereof) or such other security as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem not to be materially less 
beneficial to the Holders, or (b) such other security as the Holders shall approve by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed). 
As used in this Condition 6, “quoted foreign borrowings” means any loan or other indebtedness in the 
form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, debentures, notes or other securities which: (i) in connection 
with their initial distribution are or are to be quoted, listed or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter 
or other securities market and are intended to be offered or distributed, directly or indirectly, by or with the 
authorisation of the Issuer or the Guarantors primarily to persons resident outside the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Issuer and of the Guarantors; (ii) are payable, or confer any right to receive payment of 
principal and/or interest, in or by reference to any currency other than the currency of the country of 
incorporation of the Issuer or of the Guarantors; and (iii) by their terms mature after a period of one year or 
more. 
7 Interest 
7A.  Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Such interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
If this Note is a Bearer Note, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
Except in the case of Bearer Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(i) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
38 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes) shall be rounded 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes denominated in HKD or Renminbi, if: 
(i) “Interest Payment Date Adjustment” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
(ii) (x) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day,  
then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day (as defined in Condition 7B.1 below).  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Interest Payment Date Adjustment is “unadjusted”, any 
such adjustment to an Interest Payment Date shall not affect the amount of interest payable in respect of a Note 
and, for the purposes of the determination of any amount in respect of interest and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, the number of days in the relevant period shall be calculated on the basis that no adjustment has been 
made to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 7A.: 
(i) if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would oc

---

eemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10 or 
any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the 
Trust Deed; 
(ii) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vii) any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 10 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
9 Redemption and Purchase 
9.1 Redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, 
each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its final redemption amount (the “ Final Redemption 
Amount”) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.2 Early redemption for tax reasons: 
(i) Subject to Condition 9.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Issue 
and Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Holders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer or either Guarantor satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving 
of the notice referred to above that on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 and/or in any undertakings given in addition thereto or substitution therefor
63 
pursuant to the Trust Deed or either Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to 
procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such 
additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Commonwealth of Australia in the case of Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited 
and each Guarantor, the United Kingdom in the case of Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc and each 
Guarantor or the United States of America in the case of Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. and each 
Guarantor of a Note issued by Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. in its capacity as such, or any 
political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of any such jurisdiction having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice 
of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by an authorised signatory on behalf of the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above in which event they shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Holders and the Couponholders. 
(ii) Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 9.7 below, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
9.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call (other than Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
and Issuer Residual Call)): If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Holders in accordance with Condition 16 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if redeemable in part 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or not more than a Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being herein

---

l 
instruments, the impact of fair value hedge accounting on the hedged items and the accounting 
for post-employment assets and obligations; 
 on a going concern basis; 
 to meet UK-adopted international accounting standards, applicable UK law (Companies Act 
2006) and Australian law (the Corporations Act) as amended by the ASIC class order; and 
 to meet IFRS  accounting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(“IASB”) and interpretations issued from time to time by the IFRS Interpretations Committee. 
All financial statement values are presented in U.S. dollars and rounded to the nearest million, unless 
otherwise stated. Where applicable, comparatives have been adjusted to measure or present them on the same 
basis as current-year figures. 
Principal Activities of the Group 
Rio Tinto operates across 34 countries and six continents, where its 61,000 employees are working to 
find better ways to provide the materials the world needs. Rio Tinto’s portfolio includes iron ore, copper, 
aluminium, lithium and a range of other minerals and materials needed for people, communities and nations to 
grow and prosper, and for the world to cut carbon emissions to net zero.  
Rio Tinto has more than 150 years of mining and processing experience guiding its work. Today, the 
Group’s business relies on technology such as automation and artificial intelligence to help the Group run safer, 
more efficient operations and leave a lighter footprint. 
The Group’s mission is to be the most valued metals and mining business for shareholders, employees, 
the people who work with it, customers and partners, and the communities around it. The Group will achieve 
its mission through a strategy that starts with having the right assets in the right markets, supported by a well-
executed, diversified model and strong balance sheet that delivers market-leading performance and industry-
leading returns through the commodity cycle.  
The Group has evolved its operating model to work in a stronger, sharper and simpler way, and unlock 
more value through clearer accountability, drive productivity, and embed a more disciplined approach to how 
capital is allocated. The Group’s operations are anchored in its commitment to safety that works in harmony 
with better outcomes. The Group believes that a safe operation is a productive and valuable one.  
To transform the way it works and deliver a step-change in performance, the Group is focused on the 
five strategic pillars: 
1. People and safety first: eliminating fatalities, keeping its people safe, in a values-based 
performance culture. 
2. Operational excellence: unlocking the full value of the Group’s assets; simplifying the product 
group structure, having leaner central teams, with accountability and decision making moved to 
assets; and stronger operational discipline and improved productivity. 
3. Project execution: deliver world-class projects on time, and on budget; scale best practices across 
its project portfolio; and reduce holding costs for options.
100 
4. Capital discipline: investments that deliver industry-leading value-creation; maintain a strong 
balance sheet; and release value from its asset base. 
5. Sustainability and  social licence: driving decarbonisation, being  the most valued partner, 
ensuring guardrails on commercial performance to future-proof reputation, and earning trust with 
communities, partners and customers. 
The Group’s product group structure comprises three businesses: Iron Ore, Aluminium & Lithium, and 
Copper. This structure is intended to position each business to deliver excellence for customers and maximise 
its competitive advantages and growth potential, while continuing to benefit from the Group’s diversified 
portfolio. 
Rio Tinto’s Iron Ore product group operates a leading iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne 
iron ore trade. Rio Tinto is one of the world’s leading producers of iron ore and is well positioned to benefit 
from the continuing demand across China, other Asian economies, and the developing world. The portfolio 
comprises Rio Tinto’s Western Australian Iron Ore operations, the Iron Ore Company of Canada (“IOC”) and 
will include the Simandou project in Guinea upon its completion. In the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 
Rio Tinto operates a network of 18 iron ore mines, 4 independent port terminals, and a rail network spanning 
nearly 2,000 kilometres. Steel remains essential for ongoing urbanisation and will support the global shift to 
decarbonise. The Iron Ore product group includes Dampier Salt, also in Western Australia, which is a large 
exporter of seaborne salt. The IOC operations in Canada are integrated across a mine and processing plant in 
Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador; a port and stockpile in Sept-Iles, Quebec; and a 418-kilometre 
railway that joins these two parts of the operation. In the Simandou mountain range, which is home to a high-
grade iron ore project in Guinea in West Africa, Rio Tinto operates in partnership with Chalco Iron Ore Holdings 
Ltd (“CIOH”), a consortium led by the Aluminium Corporation of China (“Chinalco”), the SimFer joint 
venture, and is also co-developing the rail and port infrastructure with Winning Consortium Simandou 4 
(“WCS”), Baowu and the Republic of Guinea. 
Rio Tinto’s Aluminium & Lithium product group brings together businesses with extensive mining and 
downstream processing capabilities. It combines aluminium operations in the Pacific and Atlantic regions with 
lithium global operations and growth projects in Argentina, Canada and Chile. The product group includes high-
quality bauxite mines, large-scale alumina refineries and some of the world’s lowest-cost, most technologically 
advanced aluminium smelters. The product group benefits from a sector-leading bauxite position, cost-
competitive alumina refineries and a smelter portfolio which includes Canadian smelters that are powered by 
clean, renewable, hydro-power and which produce “responsible”5  aluminium. Lithium brings together 
spodumene and brine mining operations with downstream processing capab

---

of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The Issuers and the Guarantors 
believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes. Additional 
risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuers and the Guarantors, that are not currently known to the Issuers and 
the Guarantors, or that the Issuers and the Guarantors currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively 
also have a material adverse effect on the business activities, results of operations, financial condition and cash 
flows of the Issuers and the Guarantors and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The factors apply to the Group (as defined on page 98) as a whole and are therefore relevant to each of the Issuers 
and Guarantors. 
In addition, factors which the Issuers and Guarantors believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantors have arranged the risks with the most material risks first in each category, in their 
assessment, considering the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence.  
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTORS’ ABILITY TO 
FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Unless otherwise specified by reference to Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc, Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited or Rio 
Tinto Finance (USA) Inc., the risks apply in the context of the Group, and are also applicable to each of Rio Tinto 
Finance (USA) Limited, Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc and Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. 
In this context, the following specific risks have been identified: 
The Group faces the risk of failing to prevent the loss of operational control that may lead to potential 
fatalities, permanent disablements, or material production disruption 
The safety and wellbeing of the Group’s employees, contractors and the communities in which it operates 
is of utmost importance. The mining industry is inherently hazardous, with the potential to cause fatalities, 
illness or injury, damage to the environment, disruption to communities or major loss of production or revenues. 
The Group’s objective is to have zero fatalities or permanent disablements.  
The Group’s operational environment is exposed to major hazards, including processing, underground 
mining, slope geotechnical, functional safety (for example, sinking shafts and autonomous operations) and 
tailings management. Inability to manage these hazards could result in a catastrophic event or other long-term 
damage to the Group, the environment or the communities in which it operates. Loss of technical capability at 
complex operations poses an increased risk. In addition to major hazards, the Group’s operations are exposed 
to safety risks that could result in single or multiple fatalities. These include risks from vehicles and driving, 
aviation, falling objects, electricity and explosives.  
A failure to adequately address the abovementioned risk may cause material detriment to the Group’s 
reputation, social licence to operate, operational safety, financial performance and long-term prospects. 
Key exposures include underground risks at underground operations at Oyu Tolgoi in Mongolia and 
Kennecott and Resolution in the U.S.; slope geotechnical risks at open pit operations at Kennecott in the U.S. 
and QIT Madagascar Minerals in Madagascar; tailings and water storage facilities failure risks at the Group’s 
aluminium, iron ore and closure assets; process safety at copper and aluminium smelters and refineries;
16 
functional safety at Oyu Tolgoi and across the Group’s iron ore assets; and mass passenger transport risks at 
remote operations at Oyu Tolgoi in Mongolia, Simandou in Guinea and lithium assets in Argentina. 
The Group’s trade and investments are susceptible to risks associated with geopolitical tensions and 
relationships with governments 
Geopolitical developments have the potential to increase trade tensions, undermining rule-based 
international trading systems. Trade actions could affect the Group’s key markets, operations and investments 
and could constrain the Group’s performance as a multinational company with a global footprint.  
A deteriorating economic and political environment could lead to falling commodity prices, reducing 
cash flows, limiting profitability and depleting reserve inventory. Trade actions such as increased tariffs, 
retaliations and sanctions could impact key markets, operations and investments. Governments may exercise 
greater control over natural resources or protect domestic economies by altering contractual, regulatory or tax 
measures. These changes may affect the Group’s tax obligations, financial results and access to funding. 
Key exposures include a highly uncertain and unstable global macro environment, characterised by 
tensions between China and the United States and the indirect impacts of the war in Ukraine and the conflict in 
the Middle East. 
A failure to adequately address the abovementioned risk may cause material detriment to the Group’s 
financial performance and long-term prospects. 
The Group faces the risk of failing to respond to rapidly evolving customer and market requirements, 
driven by decarbonisation imperatives, shifting geopolitical and global trade dynamics, and security of 
supply demands 
Commodity prices have historically been, and may continue to be, subject to significant volatility. 
Sustained low prices or rising costs may negatively affect the Group’s financial performance through lower 
revenues and compressed margins. A failure to maintain strong customer relationships and respond to evolving 
requirements may compound these market pressures by reduc

---

Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Issuers and the Guarantors consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
REGISTERED OFFICES 
Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc and Rio Tinto plc 
6 St James’s Square 
London SW1Y 4AD 
United Kingdom 
Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited and Rio Tinto Limited 
Level 43 
120 Collins Street 
Melbourne 
Victoria 3000 
Australia 
 
Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. 
251 Little Falls Drive  
Wilmington  
Delaware 19808  
United States of America 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS  
 
Australia and New Zealand 
Banking Group Limited 
Level 12, 25 North Colonnade 
 London E14 5HZ 
United Kingdom 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid, Spain 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch  
 1 Lothbury 
London EC2R 7DB 
United Kingdom  
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London Branch  
 150 Cheapside 
London EC2V 6ET  
United Kingdom 
China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited 
28/F, CCB Tower 
3 Connaught Road, Central 
Hong Kong 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
SMBC Bank International plc 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
60 Threadneedle Street 
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom  
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate  
London EC2M 2QS  
United Kingdom   
AUDITORS 
To Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc., Rio Tinto Finance (USA) plc 
and Rio Tinto plc 
To Rio Tinto Limited and Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
KPMG 
235 St Georges Terrace 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantors as to English law and to Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Inc. as to U.S. law 
Linklaters LLP 
20 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AR 
United Kingdom 
To Rio Tinto Finance (USA) Limited 
and Rio Tinto Limited as to Australian law 
Allens 
101 Collins Street 
Melbourne 3000 
Australia 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom