Company number: 00719885

Rio Tinto pic

RioTinto

Annual Report 2025

TT I

01/04/2026 #186
COMPANIES HOUSE

>
<
rat
a
wy
z
So
w
=

Many of our operations are located on land and waters
that have belonged to Indigenous and land-connected
Peoples for thousands of years. We respect their ongoing
deep connection to, and their vast knowledge of, the land,
water and environment. We pay our respects to Elders,
both past and present, and acknowledge the important
role Indigenous and land-connected Peoples play within
communities and our business.

Contents

Strategic report

Directors’ report

2025 Financial statements

2025 at a glance

Beginning a new chapter

Why invest in Rio Tinto

Rio Tinto across the world

Chair's statement

From the Chief Executive

Strategic context

Our strategic framework

The story of our year

Our continuing path to value creation

Key performance indicators

Chief Financial Officer's statement

Financial review

Aluminium & Lithium

Copper

Iron Ore

Our approach to sustainability
Socially connected
Environmentally committed

Climate

Governance

Our approach to risk management
Principal risks and uncertainties

Five-year review

OOM4RYNNO

89
91
101

Chair's introduction
Governance framework
Board of Directors
Executive Committee

Our stakeholders - Section 172(1)
statement

Board activities in 2025
Evaluating our performance

Nominations & Governance
Committee report

Audit & Risk Committee report
Sustainability Committee report
Remuneration report
Additional statutory disclosure

102
103
104
106
107

no
n2
3

5
120
122
150

(2) On the cover: Bauxite stockpiles at
Weipa Operations, Australia.

About Rio Tinto

About the presentation of our
consolidated financial statements

Consolidated primary statements

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Other statutory information

Consolidated entity disclosure
statement

Rio Tinto ple financial statements

Australian Corporations Act -
Summary of ASIC Financial
Reporting Relief

Directors’ declaration
Independent Auditors’ Report

Lead Auditor's Independence
Declaration

Additional financial information

Financial information by
business unit

Alternative performance measures

158
158

165
170

230
239

244

245
246
266

267

270

Production, Ore Reserves,

Mineral Resources and operations

Metals and minerals production 276
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves 278
Competent Persons 280
Ore Reserves 282
Mineral Resources 294
Mines and production facilities 304
Additional information
Independent assurance report 326
Shareholder information 336
Contact details 343
Cautionary statement about 344

forward-looking statements

‘our 2025 reporting suite

~, Scan the QR code or visit riotinto.com/reports

Strategic report

2025 at a glance

A stronger, sharper and simpler way of working, to deliver leading returns.

The world needs mining, and it needs mining done the right way. Demand for the metals and minerals we produce is rising, driven by
population growth, economic development and the energy transition. At Rio Tinto, we're committed to providing these materials safely,
sustainably, and in a capital disciplined way, and to sharing the value we create with our stakeholders. Now we're sharpening our strategic
focus, so we can seize the opportunities ahead, and become the most valued metals and mining business.

Fatalities at managed operations
(2024: 5)

Employee satisfaction score from our
Q4 People Survey

74

All-injury frequency rate
0.37
(2024: 0.37)

Gross Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
gas emissions (adjusted equity basis)

31.5 Mt COze

Women in our workforce!
26.2%

. (e)
(2024: 25.2%)

Profit after tax attributable
to owners of Rio Tinto?

$10.0bn

(2024: $11.6bn)
(net earnings)

(Q4 2024: 74) (2024: 31.7 Mt COze)

Net cash generated from
operating activities

$16.8bn

(2024: $15.65n)

Underlying EBITDA®

$25.4bn

(2024: $23.3bn)

Total dividend per share

402 cents

(2024: 402 cents)

2025 consolidated sales revenue: $57.6bn (2024: $53.7bn)

By destination

2028 ._—_—_———_—___
7 9 dd

@us

@ Greater China @ Japan @ Europe  @ Other Asia @ SouthKorea @ Canada = @ Australia. © @ Other

By reportable segment (%)

2025

2024 25 v 58
@ Aluminium & Lithium @ Copper @ Iron Ore

Aluminium & Lithium Copper Iron Ore

Underlying EBITDA

$4.6bn

(2024: $3.6bn)*

Underlying EBITDA

$7.4bn

(2024: $3.4bn)

Underlying EBITDA

$15.2bn

(2024; $17.0bn}*

Bauxite Lithium Pilbara iron ore

100% basis - one
of production

327.3 Mt

(2024: 328.0 Mt)

Aluminium Copper

Consolidated basis
of production

883 kt

(2024: 793 kt)

Rio Tinto share
of production

3,380 kt

(2024: 3,296 kt)

Rio Tinto share
of production

62.4 Mt

(2024: 58.7 Mt)

Rio Tinto share
of production®

57 kt

(2024: NA)

1. Based on managed operations (excludes the Group's share of non-managed operations and joint ventures) as of 31 December of the relevant year. Includes legacy Arcadium
Lithium employees for 2025 only.

2, All financial values in this Annual Report are presented in US dollars unless otherwise stated,

3. Underlying EBITDA Is a non-IFRS (International Financlal Reporting Standards) measure. A definition of underlying EBITDA and a reconciliation to its closest IFRS measure is
presented in note 1 (page 171),

4, Comparative information has been adjusted to reflect the organisational changes described in note 1 (page 170) for details.

5. Q12025 lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) production from Arcadium was 17 kt. of which 6 kt was produced since completion of the acquisition in March. Accordingly, of the 57 kt
LCE production in 2025. 46 kt was attributable to Rio Tinto.

8) For more information on our product groups’ performance, see pages 26-31.

‘Annual Report 2025 1 rlotintocom

Strategic report

Beginning a new chapter

2025 marks the start of a new era for Rio Tinto.

We welcomed Simon Trott as Chief Executive,
and outlined our intentions for our next phase:
unlocking significant value from our portfolio,
through operational performance and financial
discipline, and by capitalising on the

energy transition.

Why invest in Rio Tinto

Our mission is to make Rio Tinto the
most valued metals and mining business.
Most valued by our shareholders, by our
employees, customers and partners, and
by the communities where we operate.

To create a stronger business, we are taking immediate action in
3 areas for our shareholders:

To simplify and sharpen our focus on performance - we have

already announced $650m in annualised productivity benefits,

and we're targeting significantly more
+ To deliver and ramp up our major growth projects, with 3%
compound annual growth rate (CAGR) increase in copper
equivalent production from 2024 to 2030
To release $5-10bn in cash from our asset base.

10-year record

of paying out 60% of underlying earnings
as dividends

® For more information see riotinto.com/invest

‘Annual Report 2025,

We are building on strong foundations, with fresh momentum,
and making fundamental changes to how we operate. With these
improvements, our aim is to move faster, make better decisions
and perform at our best.

We're exploring in 15 countries, and have a rich and diverse
pipeline of options for the future. By concentrating on the most
compelling opportunities, and building a stronger, more
streamlined and efficient business, we can invest in profitable
future growth,

Above all, we will do this with safety, and with respect for the
environment, communities, Indigenous Peoples and other
stakeholders as our key priorities. We are building a values-driven
performance culture where our employees fee! accountable to
deliver great outcomes, guided by care, courage and curiosity.
We have clear opportunities to do better, and to improve both
‘our safety and operational performance. So we are making
changes today to ensure we're in the best shape possible to
meet the demands of the future.

Our strengths

Our world-class assets and increasingly diversified portfolio
drive resilience and position us to adapt to a changing and
opportunity-rich world.

We have an attractive pipeline of growth options in future-facing
commodities, and we're focusing on bringing the best to fruition.
Our project delivery capabilities are industry-leading, and we
intend to realise the most compelling of our growth opportunities,
on time and on budget. Partnerships with customers and other
industry stakeholders are both a strength and an enabler, as we
develop and operate our assets. Our experience at the Simandou
iron ore project in Guinea, for example, has demonstrated the
value such partnerships bring.

We have a strong balance sheet, and we're focusing on improving
our cost discipline further. Our Safe Production System aims to
transform how we operate our assets, manage performance,

and develop and empower our people. With a stronger focus on
safety and reliability, we are driving efficiency across our assets.

Our commitments and results

People and safety come first, and we are redoubling our efforts
to eliminate fatalities.

We believe good corporate governance supports high standards
of business conduct and helps ensure the long-term success of
our business - and our Board is structured to uphold this.

We are investing in the future, in accordance with our disciplined
investment approach to organic growth. We are on track for a
~20% increase in copper equivalent production from 2024 to
2030, with multiple options to extend our growth into the following
decade. In our Lithium business, for example, our focus is on
delivering our in-flight projects on time and on budget, towards
200 kt lithium carbonate equivalent capacity by 2028.

We have delivered resilient earnings through cycles, and are
committed to consistent shareholder returns as we grow. Our
policy seeks to return 40% to 60% of our underlying earnings,
‘on average through the cycle, as dividends.

Fiotinto.com

Strategic report

Rio Tinto across the world

We have 61,000! employees working across 34? countries on 6 continents, and

3 world-class businesses driving our performance and growth:

Copper and Iron Ore.

Aluminium & Lithium brings together Our Copper group is well positioned to
businesses with extensive mining and capitalise on the global energy transition,
downstream processing capabilities with operations in Chile, Mongolia and the
It combines aluminium operations in the US, and future options including projects
Pacific and Atlantic regions with lithium and partnerships in Australia, Chile, Peru
global operations and growth projects in and the US.

Argentina, Canada and Chile.

Aluminium & Lithium,

Iron Ore combines our operations in
Western Australia and Canada, and will
integrate the Simandou project in Guinea
‘once fully operational, creating a global
iron ore business.

Our Borates and Iron & Titanium businesses have been placed under strategic review and report into our Chief Commercial Officer.

Operations and projects?

= Aluminium e Mines

= Lithium‘ %& Projects

= Copper ‘Smelters, refineries, processing plants,
. and power and shipping facilities remote

== tron Ore from mine

= other #0) Non-managed operations

1. This represents the average number of employees for the year, including the Group's share of non-managed operations
and joint ventures, rounded to the nearest thousand, Refer to page 208 for more information,
. Includes our mines and production factties. main exploration activities and countries where we have a significant
presence through activities including research and development, commercial, sales, and corporate functions.
3. The map indicates the location of our global operations end projects, however it does not identify al individual facilities
included in an operation. it does not include our offices, research and development centres, and some processing and
shipping faciities. The dots on the map are indicative and in some locations we have more assets than visually
represented due to the size of the map. For more detall see the Mines and production faciities section on pages
304-324. Management responsibilty for the Simandou iron are project in Guines during the build phase of the project
falls under the Chief Safety & Technical Officer and is outside of reportable segments until completion of the project. On
completion, the project wil transfer to the Iron Ore product group.
The Lithium projects in Chile are subject to regulatory approval and final execution,
5. Includes the Borates and iron & Titanium businesses, which were placed under strategic review during 2025,
with the Diamonds business now presented outside of our product group structure as it is managed by the
Chief Commercial Officer.

Annual Report 2025 : 3

(8) For more information on our
‘operating model, see page 8.
For more on our mines and
production facilities, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves around
the world, see pages 278 to 303.

riotinto.com

Strategic report

Chair’s statement

| believe that Rio Tinto is well on its way to becoming the most valued
metals and mining business. Over 2025, we executed some of the
most technically challenging mining projects on Earth. We forged

and reinforced extraordinary partnerships and moved decisively into a
decade of delivery and growth.

I begin this report by recognising, with great sadness, the death of
a colleague at the SimFer site in Guinea on 14 February. This
tragedy follows the death of Mohamed Camara in August at the
‘same site, a loss that was felt deeply across the business. We hold
both teammates’ families, friends and colleagues in our thoughts.
along with all those affected. We have taken immediate action to
understand the causes of both tragedies and we will continue to
strengthen our practices to ensure our people's safety.

Ina further 12 months characterised by geopolitical volatility and
rapid technological progress, one truth became increasingly clear:
now, more than ever, the world needs mining. The materials we
provide not only fuel modern life but also enable underlying
infrastructure for the technology revolution and energy transition.
And volatility and fragmentation has increased the imperative and
awareness of the need for critical minerals.

In the second half of last year, the Board appointed Simon Trott to
lead Rio Tinto as Chief Executive. He succeeds Jakob Stausholm,
who was instrumental in rebuilding trust with our key stakeholders
and prepared the ground for our future growth, both strategically
and culturally. The Board is deeply grateful to Jakob for his
leadership and service.

Mining at its best
In this next phase for Rio Tinto, the Board and leadership team
have focused on implementing a stronger, sharper and simpler
way of working across the business.

Our strong operating performance over the year shows that we
are building on a firm foundation. And over 2025, | saw first-hand
the strong progress being made at many of our sites as we deliver
‘on this work.

At Oyu Tolgoi in Mongolia, | witnessed how we are extending the
frontiers of mining technology. Here, we are ramping up copper
production from an orebody more than 1,300 metres underground
and comparable in size to Manhattan.

That same operational excellence was evident at our lithium sites
in Argentina. There, | saw our progress in supplying customers with
high-quality, battery-grade lithium carbonate.

In Canada, | met the teams operating our technologically
advanced aluminium smelters in Quebec. | also spent time with
colleagues who are driving efficiency-boosting innovations in our
iron ore business in Quebec and Labrador.

And across the year, | saw time and again, Rio Tinto’s ability to
build strong and meaningful partners
In November, | joined the celebrations to mark first ore at
Simandou in Guinea. This massive achievement was made possible
by a unique partnership, consisting of the Government of Guinea,
Chinalco, Baowu and WCS. Beyond the mine, the project delivers a
major new source of high-grade iron ore to the world, a more than
620-kilometre multi-use railway and world-class port facilities.
Simandou also promises to bring vast potential economic benefits
and could grow Guinea's GDP by up to 55% by 2030.

Annual Report 2025

Responding to a changing world

| said in our 2024 Annual Report that we are living in uncertain
times and this has proved to be something of an understatement.
1am confident in our ability to navigate geopolitical challenges.
Our agile response to US trade tariff volatility exemplified this
capability. Equally, our diversified portfolio of world class assets,
balance sheet strength and focus on operational excellence and
project building enable us to respond to shifting demand in a
more regionalised, protectionist world

Climate change is another factor shaping how we operate.

‘The massive cyclones in the Pilbara at the start of the year
reminded us that extreme weather conditions can materially
affect our operations. Against this backdrop, we believe our
commitment to our decarbonisation targets, which we reaffirmed
in our 2025 Climate Action Plan, is both environmentally
responsible and in our shareholders’ long-term interests.

‘Our operations’ benefits must be felt beyond the mine gate and within
the communities who host us. Over 2025, we strengthened our social
licence and relationships with Indigenous Peoples and communities.
In June, we opened the Western Range iron ore mine in Australia,
which we developed with our joint venture partner China Baowu
Group, in close collaboration with the Yinhawangka People.

it showed what can be achieved through meaningful engagement
with Traditional Owners in mine planning and development.

We built on this milestone by updating 3 agreements with

Pilbara Traditional Owners. reflecting modernised partnership
expectations. While these agreements mark significant progress,
we know there is still more to do.

Moving forward together

‘Our achievements in 2025 would not have been possible without
‘our people. Across Rio Tinto, we continue to build a positive, values-
driven performance culture, creating the right conditions for success.
Our aim is for our people to feel safe, respected and accountable for
their work, and confident that their voices and ideas are heard.

In turn, our colleagues’ dedication is creating a Rio Tinto that is
valued for how it performs, and the way it works with others. We
look to the year ahead with optimism, as we build on our already
strong momentum to deliver industry-leading shareholder returns
and lasting value for our stakeholders.

My thanks, and that of the Board, go to our people, partners,
customers, suppliers, investors, and governments, Indigenous
Peoples and communities for their support throughout 2025.

Ye gru

Dominic Barton
Chair

19 February 2026

+ Follow Dominic on Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/dominicsbarton

fiotinte.com

‘Strategic report

From the Chief Executive

In 2025, we launched a new era for Rio Tinto. This was a year
defined by progress in implementing a stronger, sharper and
simpler way of working, driven by our mission to become the
most valued metals and mining business.

The past months have also reminded us, in the most sobering way,
why safety is, and must always be, the foundation of everything we
do. We were devastated by the death of a colleague at the SimFer
site on 14 February. This loss follows the tragic death of Mohamed
Camara at the site in August. Nothing is more important than the
safety of everyone who works with us. We are determined to learn
from these incidents and to do everything to ensure everyone
goes home safe, every shift.

Unlocking Rio Tinto’s potential

My 26 years with this business has shown me that when Rio Tinto
is at its best, it is extraordinary.

In my first months as Chief Executive, my focus, with Rio Tinto’s
leadership team, has been on unlocking this potential. Our mission
is to move Rio Tinto into a new era of delivery and growth, and
become the most valued metals and mining business.

Our strategy begins with world-class assets in the right markets,
which play to our competitive advantages of expertise, size and
scale. It is enabled by our people, our strong social licence and
partnerships with communities and stakeholders. It rests on the

3 priorities of a great metals and mining businesses: operational
excellence, project execution and capital discipline.

Here are some of the actions we took under each of these
priorities in 2025.

Clear accountabilities and faster decisions

Our immediate priority under operational excellence was the
need to simplify the business’ way of working. We instilled clearer
accountabilities and reduced complexity, improving the pace
and quality of decisions.

We moved from 4 product groups to 3, bringing Aluminium and
Lithium together. We also introduced a new operating model that
places decisions at the point of impact, supported by a smaller
Executive Committee with depth and diversity of experience.

Already these efforts are delivering results. In December, we
announced $650 million in annualised productivity benefits

and savings, and we are targeting significantly more.

Crucially, our drive for operational excellence does not mean

a trade-off between performance and safety, which go hand

in hand. Over 2025, our Safe Production System, now deployed
across all managed sites, continued to drive efficiencies and
productivity, giving rise to some record production results.

Delivering world-class assets

In March, we completed the acquisition of Arcadium Lithium,
establishing Rio Tinto as a leader in supplying energy transition
materials, with one of the world’s largest lithium resource bases.

In May, we announced plans to begin early works and conduct
final engineering studies to increase production capacity at the
Amrun bauxite mine in Far North Queensland. The Kangwinan
project will involve building a new mine and expanding the existing
port to almost double bauxite production from our Weipa
Southern operations.

‘Annual Report 2025

In June, in the Pilbara, we delivered Western Range on time and
on budget. We also secured investment in the next tranche of
projects that will sustain our Western Australian iron ore
operations for decades to come.

In Mongolia, Oyu Tolgoi delivered record copper production as
the underground ramp-up advanced. And in November, we
marked the start of operations from Simandou in Guinea, achieved
less than 2 years after major construction began. Simandou sets a
new benchmark for how we deliver large projects, demonstrating
that partnership is increasingly a Rio Tinto superpower.

Performance built on trust and discipline

The world needs mining, and mining done the right way. Our social
licence is fundamental to our future business. Our plans for
delivery and growth depend on earning our partners’ trust.
Throughout 2025, we strengthened our relationships with
investors, customers, governments, Indigenous Peoples

and communities.

At Rio Tinto, we believe that when our values are embedded in the
way we operate, our performance strengthens. The co-management
agreement we signed in 2025 with the Puutu Kunti Kurrama and
Pinikura (PKKP) Aboriginal Corporation reflects this approach and
supports a lasting and trusted partnership. The agreement gives the
PKKP People confidence that their heritage will be protected and
Rio Tinto certainty for our operations and development.

Equally, strong performance requires firm financial foundations.
Capital discipline is critical to converting our work into long-
term value. That starts with a resilient balance sheet, rigorous
capital allocation, and a clear focus on delivering leading returns
to shareholders. In December, we announced plans to release
$5 to $10 billion of cash from our asset base, as we direct
resources to our most compelling opportunities.

The most valued metals and mining business
At our 2025 Capital Markets Day, | was asked what it means to be
the most valued metals and mining business.

To me, this mission is defined by each group we serve: for investors,
most valued means delivering strong returns. For our people,

it means Rio Tinto is the place they most want to work. For our
partners, for our customers, and for communities, most valued

is about delivering on our promises and creating lasting

positive impact.

Simon Trott
Chief Executive

19 February 2026

+ Follow Simon on Linkedin
linkedin.com/in/simon-trott

rlotintocom

Strategie report

Strategic context

We conduct deep analysis of external forces, geopolitical shifts and global trends to create scenarios,
through which we develop and stress test our strategy. These scenarios explore potential futures
for our industry and commodities, and inform our business model, portfolio, financial and operating
decisions across the medium-and long-term horizon.

Our scenario approach

Our scenarios stress test our portfolio and investment decisions under alternative macroeconomic settings, to better
understand opportunities, risks and mitigations. These scenarios are created collaboratively, combining Group-wide
expertise with leading external assessment. We also test our analysis against consensus forecasts, to explore our level of
conviction against the market, and identify emerging opportunities and risks.

Our Conviction scenario reflects what we anticipate will Additional scenarios provide sensitivity analysis.

happen, rather than our aspiration, and translates our These include the following scenarios.

beliefs about the future into macroeconomic and
environmental drivers.

This scenario envisages a period of increased geopolitical and
industry fragmentation, characterised by global competition
and frequent government intervention in key markets. Climate
action will be non-linear and will fall short of the Paris goals,
but the rising frequency of climate events and technological
development will eventually galvanise significant progress.

We have adjusted scenario inputs and assumptions to reflect
lower global growth projections, and delays in the pace of
decarbonisation. However, these do not result in significant
impacts on our overall business strategy, as we foresee robust
traditional growth, energy addition and supply constraints
continuing to underpin strong primary demand for our
portfolio in the mid to long term.

+ Our Resilience scenario represents a lower-growth world,

where prevailing geopolitical uncertainty, and populist and
nationalist movements result in weaker governance,
fragmented global trade, slower energy transition and less
effective climate action.

+ Our Aspirational Leadership scenario allows us to explore

decisions in a world that remains on track to limit the global
average temperature rise to 15°C (above pre-industrial
levels) by 2100. This scenario envisages high economic
growth, significant social change and accelerated

climate action.

These scenarios allow us to examine the robustness of our investment decisions, identify opportunities for protecting against the
downside, gauge against market conviction, and evaluate areas where we see upside potential beyond our peers.

(8 For more information on our scenario analysis,
see the Climate section on page 73.

Global trends

Three key global trends inform our long-run price forecasts and portfolio decisions.

Global economic development
+ There is increasing regionalisation
and protectionism, and desire for
supply security, contributing to:

+ the rerouting of global trade routes
+ increasing military expenditure

+ increasing trade barriers.

+ Global economic growth prospects
‘over the next few decades are
softening as the pace of global trade
and investment slows.

+ However, the traditional growth
drivers of metals demand remain
robust (ie population growth,
industrialisation and urbanisation

in emerging markets), with new
drivers emerging (eg Al data

centres, robotics).

to grow.

hydrocarbons.

Energy transition
+ Global electricity demand continues

+ Although timelines to net zero are
slipping, renewables are an
increasing share of energy supply,
supported by their improved cost
competitiveness relative to

+ The expansion of new power
generation, transmission, and
distribution infrastructure is a
significant driver for aluminium,
copper and lithium.

Persistent supply constraints

+ Scrap has consistently under-
performed expectations, with lower
demolition rates, longer life cycles
and lower scrap recovery, creating
additional requirements for
primary supply.

+ Mine delivery timelines continue
to expand. Discovery rates are
declining, and grades worsening.
We see increasingly complex
approval processes, higher
environmental and social standards,
and deeper orebodies requiring
more complex engineering,

+ Supply growth is frequently more

costly than previously anticipated -

increasing capital intensity is a

challenge across the industry. yy,

‘Annwal Report 2025

riotinte.com

Strategle report | Strategic context

What these mean for our markets and commodities
+ Continued strong demand outlook across our 4 commodities.
+ Growth outlook for energy transition-linked metals
remains strong.
+ Positive upside for metals and mining companies with diverse
geographical footprints, or trading capabilities, or both.
+ Price outlook across our 4 commodities remains strong.

+ Iron ore: robust steel demand growth from the Global South will
compensate (in part or in full) for expected decline in demand
from China. Incremental iron ore supply growth is needed just to
offset depletions.

+ Copper: has an attractive demand outlook driven by
electrification. There is a significant supply gap due to
increased cost and complexity of new primary supply.

+ Aluminium: steepening of the cost curve with new supply
being added outside of China and rising electricity costs.

This underpins strong long-run pricing.

+ Lithium: falling battery prices continue to improve the cost

competitiveness of electric vehicles versus internal combustion
engine vehicles, and is coupled with increasing demand for
battery energy storage systems.

Demand! growth

2025F? 2035F°

Aluminium
Transmission distances grow by 42% in next decade*

Lithium
Battery energy storage systems (BESS) installations
to triple over next decade®

Copper
Electrification of final energy demand increases
from 21% to 30% in 2035°

Steel
India and ASEAN construction to grow ~65% by 2035

2035 demand reflects a growth multiple from 2025F.
Represents kilometres of network, BloombergNEF estimate.
BloombergNEF estimate.

oMaene

Anaval Report 2025

Graphic presented at Rio Tinto's Capital Markets Day. December 2025. Semis demand, rounded figure.
2025 demand shown as forecast based on data avallable in December 2025. Actuals are not avallable at time of publication of the 2025 Annual Report.

Rio Tinto Economics internat estimate. Source: Rio Tinto Economics Conviction scenario, BloombergNEF.

fiotintocom

Strategic report

Our strategic framework

How we will become the most
valued metals and mining business

We are moving at pace to increase
operational excellence, and deliver

our major growth projects, with capital
discipline. There is more to come, as
we focus on delivering industry-leading
returns, with a lasting positive impact.

‘Annyal Report 2025,

Our mission is to be the world’s most valued metals
and mining business - for shareholders, employees,
the people who work with us, our customers and
partners, and the communities around us.

We will achieve our mission through a strategy

that starts with having the right assets in the right
markets, supported by a well-executed diversified
model and strong balance sheet that delivers
market-leading performance and industry-leading
returns through the commodity cycle.

We have evolved our operating model to work in a
stronger, sharper and simpler way.

Our streamlined operating model

Our new operating model makes us stronger, unlocks more
value through clearer accountability, drives productivity,

and embeds a more disciplined approach to how we allocate
capital. Everything we do is anchored in our commitment

to safety that works in harmony with better outcomes:

a safe operation is a productive and valuable one.

Operational excellence

+ Unlock the full value of our assets

+ Simplified structure with 3 world-class product groups,
leaner central teams, with accountability and decision-
making moved to the assets

+ Stronger operational discipline and improved productivity

Project execution

+ Deliver world-class projects on time, and on budget
+ Scale best practices across our project portfolio

+ Reduce holding costs for options

Capital discipline

+ Investments that deliver industry-leading value-creation
+ Maintain strong balance sheet

+ Release value from our asset base

12 see how we performed against our key
performance indicators on pages 14-15.

Fiotintecom

Strategic report | Our strategic framework.

Our mission

To be the most valued metals and mining business

Our purpose

Finding better ways™ to provide the materials the world needs

Our strategy

A diversified portfolio of world-class assets and projects in the right markets,
underpinned by a strong balance sheet and social licence

Our objectives

People and

safety first
Eliminating fatalities,
keeping our people
safe and helping them
thrive, in a values-based
performance culture.

Operational
excellence

Unlocking the full value
of our assets, sim
and driving clear

Excel in
development
Optimising capital
allocation and turning
growth opportunities
into long-term value.

, with

financial discipline.

Our values

Strong sustainability

and social licence

Driving decarbonisation,

being the most valued partner,
ensuring guardrails on
commercial performance to
future-proof reputation, and
earning trust with communities,
partners and customers.

Care
Caring about the safety of ourselves
and others, the impact we have on

our colleagues, communities, and
the environment, and creating an
environment of trust.

Our business mode! delivers the value ~
that matters most to our stakeholders.
We are committed to being responsible
operators and achieving excellence at
every stage - from discovery to closure.
For more information, see page 12.

Annual Report 2025

Courage

Showing vutnerability, speaking up and
challenging when we can do better,
and taking ownership of our actions
and outcomes to drive performance.

We ensure ‘effective corporate governance
to manage our performance responsibly
and sustainably. For more information on
how our Board oversees the delivery of our
strategy, and how we manage risk, see our
Directors’ report from page 102.

Curiosity
Learning and growing in our

fields of expertise, looking for
‘opportunities to solve problems
with everyday innovation, and being
‘open to different perspectives.

Find out how our Remuneration Policy
supports the delivery of our strategy in
our Remuneration report from page 122.

rlotintocom

Strategic report

The story of our year

In 2025, we've made progress against our strategy,
and responded to challenges, across our global business.

Link to objectives

© People and safety first @ Excel in development

© Operational excellence — @ Strong sustainability

and social ticence

Safety our priority,

as cyclones hit ee

When 4 cyclones hit our iron ore operations
in Western Australia in early 2025, our first
priority was to keep people safe. Pausing
some operations and damage to equipment
impacted Q1 production by 13 Mt, but our
teams resilience and efforts to recover
from the extreme weather helped us deliver
record rates from April onwards and
achieve stable full year Pilbara production
year on year.

Investing in the next generation of Pilbara mines ee

We secured investments to sustain production from our world-class iron ore
operations in Western Australia for decades to come. Following Traditional Owner
support, the Brockman Syncline 1, Hope Downs 2 and West Angelas Sustaining
projects received all necessary state and federal government approvals. Our
strategy to continue investing in Australian iron ore supports jobs, local businesses,
and the state and national economies, and we are committed to ensuring the Pilbara
remains critical to global steel supply well into the future.

And in June, we opened Western Range, our newest iron ore mine - see page 31.

Image: Fénix lithium brine operation, Argentina.

Solar and battery agreement
towards BSL repowering e
We continued the process of procuring
renewable energy and storage projects to
supply power to Boyne Smelters Ltd
(BSL), an aluminium smelter in
Queensland, Australia, beyond 2029.

In February, we signed hybrid services
agreements with Edify Energy for the
Smoky Creek & Guthrie's Gap Solar Power
Stations. Together with wind and solar
power purchase agreements announced

Creating a world-class lithium business

In March, we completed the acquisition of Arcadium Lithium pic, establishing Rio Tinto
as a global leader in the supply of energy transition materials, with one of the world’s
largest lithium resource bases. In December, at an investor site visit to Argentina, we
‘outlined how we are delivering the in-flight projects on time and on budget towards

200 kt lithium carbonate equivalent capacity by 2028. Beyond these committed
projects, we will take a disciplined approach with future developments focusing on

lowering capital intensity.

in 2024, the annual energy generated
could meet approximately 80% of Boyne
‘smelter's annual electricity demand, once
operational, Currently, all contracted
projects remain in project development
phases, and we continue to monitor them
as they progress towards final investment
decisions and financial close.

For more information on BSL
repowering, see page 59.

Deepening our

culture of respect e

In October, teams across Rio Tinto paused
work to take part in Stop for Respect.
This annual initiative, founded by iron Ore,
creates space to reflect on how respect
shows up in our daily work, and how it
connects to physical and psychological
safety - strengthening inclusion, trust and
‘our shared commitment to a respectful
workplace. We plan to expand
participation in 2026 so more teams can
join these important conversations.

Critical minerals R&D

project milestone e

We extracted the first primary gallium,

a critical mineral used in technologies
including radars, smartphones and
electric cars, as part of a research and
development project with our partner
Indium Corporation. We aim to extract
commercial quantities of gallium present
in bauxite processed in our Vaudreuil
alumina refinery in Canada.

Advancing the Winu project
e

We signed the final joint venture
agreements with Sumitomo Metal Mining
to deliver the Winu copper-gold project
in Western Australia. Our partnership
strengthens the Winu project, as we
continue to prioritise the strong and
enduring partnerships built with the
land's Traditional Owners, the
Nyangumarta and the Martu.

As we enter this new era for Rio Tinto, we've taken some

significant steps forward ... We are delivering our major

growth projects ... We are focused on capital discipline

And behind all this progress are our people, our social
licence, and our skills at developing partnerships.”

Simon Trott, Chief Executive, Capital Markets Day, December 2025

Modernising a

strategic asset e
We announced the single largest
investment in our hydroelectric assets
since the 1950s, with $1.2 billion for the
modernisation of the Isle-Maligne power
plant in Quebec, which was commissioned
in 1926. The project, which will run until
2032, is essential to secure the future of
low-carbon aluminium production in
Saguenay-Lac-St-Jean, ensuring a more
efficient, safe and reliable supply of
renewable energy to our facilities.

‘Annual Report 2025

flotinto.com