BETA Close X Balfour Beatty plc has announced the release of its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting. These documents, which include the Form of Proxy and a Notice of Availability, have been submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority and are available on the company's website. The 2026 AGM is scheduled for Thursday, 7 May 2026, at 9:30 am, to be held at 5 Churchill Place, Canary Wharf, London. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 02 April 2026 Balfour Beatty plc (the "Company") Notice of 2026 AGM and Annual Report and Accounts In compliance with Listing Rule 6.4.1 and DTR 6.3.5, copies of the following documents, which are being sent to shareholders, will today be submitted to the Financial Conduct Authority via the National Storage Mechanism, and will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . § Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025 ("2025 ARA") . § Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting ("Notice of 2026 AGM"). § Form of Proxy for the AGM; and § Notice of availability. Copies of the 2025 ARA and the Notice of 2026 AGM are also available on the Company's website at https://www.balfourbeatty.com/investors . Printed copies of the above documents will be posted to shareholders who have elected to receive hard copies. 2026 AGM The Company's 2026 AGM will be held at 9.30am on Thursday 7 May 2026 at 5 Churchill Place, Canary Wharf, London E14 5HU. Details including how shareholders can vote by proxy and ask questions in advance of the meeting can be found in the Notice of 2026 AGM. This announcement is made in accordance with DTR 6.3.5R(1A). General enquiries: Contact and telephone number for queries / Duly authorised officer of issuer responsible for making notification: Tracey Wood, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary Tel. +44 (0)20 7216 6800 Analyst/investor enquiries: Jim Ryan Tel. +44 (0)785 836 8527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Vivienne Dunn Tel. +44 (0)203 810 2345 vivienne.dunn@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with 27,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow. · We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at the heart of local communities. · For over 100 years, we have created iconic buildings and infrastructure all over the world. Currently, we are working to deliver Hinkley Point C, the first UK nuclear power station in a generation; constructing the world-class arts and cultural facility, the Lyric Theatre, in Hong Kong; and designing, building, financing, operating and maintaining the Automated People Mover superstructure at the fifth busiest airport in the world, Los Angeles International Airport. Legal Entity Identifier: CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago GCM Resources 4 hours ago Pinewood Technologies Group 5 hours ago Cropper (James) 6 hours ago Keller Group 7 hours ago IWG All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and