Director/PDMR Shareholding Balfour Beatty PLC 08 July 2026 NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES ("PDMRs") AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM Balfour Beatty plc (the " Company ") has been notified that Charles Allen, Lord Allen of Kensington, CBE and Chair of Balfour Beatty has purchased a total of 1,218 shares in the Company by way of re-investing dividends in the Company's shares. Following this purchase, Charles Allen, Lord Allen of Kensington, CBE holds a total of 111,049 shares in the Company. The relevant notifications set out below are provided in accordance with the requirements of Article 19 of the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Contact and telephone number for queries / Duly authorised officer of issuer responsible for making notification: Tracey Wood, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, 020 7216 6800 a) Name Charles Allen 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Group Chair b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial Notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Balfour Beatty plc b) LEI CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of 50p each GB0000961622 b) Nature of the transaction Purchase of shares c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £8.83 1,218 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price N/A e) Date of the transaction 06 July 2026 f) Place of the transaction London Stock Exchange Analyst/investor enquiries: Jim Ryan Tel. +44 (0)785 836 8527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Vivienne Dunn Tel. +44 (0)203 810 2345 vivienne.dunn@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with 27,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow. · We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at the heart of local communities. · For over 100 years, we have created iconic buildings and infrastructure all over the world. Currently, we are working to deliver Hinkley Point C, the first UK nuclear power station in a generation; constructing the world-class arts and cultural facility, the Lyric Theatre, in Hong Kong; and designing, building, financing, operating and maintaining the Automated People Mover superstructure at the fifth busiest airport in the world, Los Angeles International Airport. Legal Entity Identifier: CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Ajax Resources 2 hours ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 3 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 4 hours ago Caledonia Investments 7 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and