BETA Close X Balfour Beatty plc announced that its U.S. subsidiary, Balfour Beatty Communities, LLC, has successfully concluded its independent compliance monitorship as required by the U.S. Department of Justice, effective June 6, 2026. The company has implemented a comprehensive improvement program focusing on leadership, oversight, reporting, governance, and operational processes. This conclusion marks a significant milestone, and Balfour Beatty Communities will continue to integrate these enhancements into its long-term operating model, maintaining a strong commitment to transparency, performance, and resident experience while providing essential housing for U.S. military personnel and their families. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 08 June 2026 News Release 8 June 2026 CONCLUSION OF INDEPENDENT COMPLIANCE MONITORSHIP - US MILITARY HOUSING BUSINESS Balfour Beatty plc ("The Company") announces that, as of 6 June 2026, the independent compliance monitorship of its U.S. subsidiary Balfour Beatty Communities, LLC ("Communities") required by the U.S. Department of Justice, has formally concluded. Throughout the period of the monitorship, Communities has worked to implement a broad improvement programme, including strengthening leadership and oversight structures, enhancing reporting and accountability mechanisms, and implementing more robust governance, compliance, and operational processes. The conclusion of the monitorship marks an important milestone and Communities will continue to embed these improvements as part of its long-term operating model, while maintaining a strong focus on transparency, consistent delivery, operational performance, and the resident experience. Communities remains committed to working closely with the US military service branches to provide safe, reliable, and well-maintained housing for service members and their families while ensuring a strong compliance environment and operational framework. This announcement contains inside information. The person who arranged for the release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Tracey Wood, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary. ​ ENDS Investor and analyst enquiries: Jim Ryan Head of Investor Relations +44 (0)7858 368527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Louise McCulloch Chief Communications & Corporate Affairs Officer +44 (0)7814 693057 louise.mcculloch@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with over 26,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow. · We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at the heart of local communities. · For over 117 years, we have created iconic buildings and infrastructure all over the world. Currently, we are working to deliver Hinkley Point C, the first UK nuclear power station in a generation, constructing the world-class arts and cultural facility, the Lyric Theatre, in Hong Kong, and designing, building, financing, operating and maintaining the Automated People Mover superstructure at one of the busiest airports in the world, Los Angeles International Airport . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and