BETA Close X Balfour Beatty plc has announced its total voting rights and issued share capital as of 30 June 2026. The company's issued share capital consists of 492,848,584 Ordinary shares, with 13,056,829 held in treasury, resulting in a total of 479,791,755 voting rights. This figure serves as the denominator for shareholders to determine notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Balfour Beatty PLC 01 July 2026 Balfour Beatty plc (the 'Company') TOTAL VOTING RIGHTS AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL In accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority's (' FCA ') Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1R, the Company notifies the market that, as at 30 June 2026: § the Company's issued share capital comprised 492,848,584 Ordinary shares of 50p each (' Shares '), each with one vote; § 13,056,829 Ordinary shares of 50p each are held in treasury. These shares are not taken into consideration in relation to the payment of dividends and voting at shareholder meetings; and § the total number of voting rights in the Company is 479,791,755. The above figure of 479,791,755 may be used by shareholders (and others with notification obligations) as the denominator for the calculations by which they can determine whether they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Any notification to the Company relating to an interest in, or a change to an interest, in the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules should be sent by email to companysecretary@balfourbeatty.com and investorrelations@balfourbeatty.com . Analyst/investor enquiries: Jim Ryan Tel. +44 (0)785 836 8527 jim.ryan@balfourbeatty.com Media enquiries: Vivienne Dunn Tel. +44 (0)203 810 2345 vivienne.dunn@balfourbeatty.com Notes to editors: · Balfour Beatty is a leading international infrastructure group with 27,000 employees driving the delivery of powerful new solutions, shaping thinking, creating skylines and inspiring a new generation of talent to be the change-makers of tomorrow. · We finance, develop, build, maintain and operate the increasingly complex and critical infrastructure that supports national economies and deliver projects at the heart of local communities. · For over 100 years, we have created iconic buildings and infrastructure all over the world. Currently, we are working to deliver Hinkley Point C, the first UK nuclear power station in a generation; constructing the world-class arts and cultural facility, the Lyric Theatre, in Hong Kong; and designing, building, financing, operating and maintaining the Automated People Mover superstructure at the fifth busiest airport in the world, Los Angeles International Airport. Legal Entity Identifier: CT4UIJ3TUKGYYHMENQ17 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Balfour Beatty (BBY) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 18 minutes ago Ajax Resources 52 minutes ago PPHE Hotel Group Ltd 2 hours ago Gana Media Group plc 2 hours ago Caledonia Investments 5 hours ago GCM Resources All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and