Fortescue or MinRes? Which beaten down ASX miner should you choose for your portfolio? ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Broker Watch / Fortescue or MinRes? Which beaten down ASX miner should you choose for your portfolio? Broker Watch BROKER WATCH News | Broker Watch Fortescue or MinRes? Which beaten down ASX miner should you choose for your portfolio? The share prices of both Fortescue and Mineral Resources have suffered as commodity prices have fallen. Are they now cheap enough to buy? Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter --> 30 August 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 7 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock, Market Index Mentioned Iron Ore Lithium FMG $54B Fortescue Ltd MIN $12.4B Mineral Resources Ltd KEY POINTS Fortescue (FMG) is a major iron ore producer, while Mineral Resources (MIN) produces iron ore and lithium, and runs a successful mining services business The shares of both companies have fallen sharply over the past few months, with the FMG price down nearly 50% and MIN over 50% We check what the big brokers have to say about each company following the release of their respective FY24 results Fortescue ( ASX: FMG ) and Mineral Resources ( ASX: MIN ) have been two of the mainstays of the ASX resources sector for many years. Both are incredible WA success stories, riding the mining boom that has endured in some shape or form since the turn of the century. As companies that operate in a highly cyclical industry, it is not uncommon to see FMG’s and MIN’s profits, and therefore their share prices, fluctuate with the prices of the commodities they produce. Sometimes profits are wildly up, producing super-sized share price gains – and sometimes profits wildly down, producing periods of prolonged underperformance. This implies that if you can get the timing right – there are substantial profits to be made . The good news if you don’t happen to own either stock right now, is that each finds itself at the ebb stage rather than the flow stage of the current commodity price cycle. Iron ore (FMG and MIN) and lithium (MIN) prices are in the doldrums, and this means that their profits are under pressure. The knock-on effects with respect to each company’s share price has been substantial. FMG is down around 40% from its 2024 peak of $29.95, and Mineral Resources at the sub-$40 prices it logged yesterday, is trading at less than half of its $79.76 peak set just 12 weeks ago . FMG and MIN price charts last 12 months Let’s assume for a second that you could only buy one of the two – and then assume it is indeed a bargain: Which would you buy? If you can’t decide, this article is for you. We’ve just processed the research updates on each stock that we’ve received from all of the major brokers that cover them. Here’s what they think: Buy, hold, or sell? Fortescue: Buy, Hold, or Sell? FY24 results overview Revenue: +8% to US$18.22 billion vs consensus US$18.35 billion Underlying EBITDA: +7% to US$10.7 billion vs consensus US$10.75 billion Final Dividend: -11% to $0.89 @ 70% payout ratio, fully franked, for a total FY24 dividend of $1.97 fully franked (vs $1.75 fully franked in FY23) Individual broker reactions: Bell Potter: Upgraded⬆️ to HOLD from SELL | Target price: $17.58⬆️ vs $17.41 “This is a solid result representative of FMG’s FY24 performance.” “We believe pressure will build on FMG’s margins. In the medium term, CAPEX on Fortescue Energy projects may also weigh on free cash flow. In the short-term we may see positives from iron ore pricing seasonality and stimulus measures in China, but overall risks remain to the downside for earnings and dividends.” Macquarie: UNDERPERFORM | Target price: $14.25 “We continue to expect FMG to come under FCF pressure over FY25-FY27” “We make modest EPS changes for FMG, holding our target at $14.25. Reiterate Underperform on declining div yields on below consensus Fe price deck” Morgan Stanley: UNDERWEIGHT | Target price: $16.65⬇️ vs $18.10 “We have reduced our bull case, which falls to A$26.20/sh, due to spot prices significantly below our base case forecast.” Ord Minnett: Upgraded⬆️ to ACCUMULATE from HOLD | Target price: $20.00 Underlying profit will be under increasing pressure due to rising costs, iron ore price decline, net debt may increase if company chooses to retain 70% dividend payout ratio Rating is upgraded on valuation grounds following share price fall RBC Capital Markets: Upgraded⬆️ to SECTOR PERFORM from UNDERPERFORM | Target price: $20.00 Broker expects stable iron ore fundamentals/seasonal demand support for iron ore price should sustain near-term earnings. Rating is upgraded on valuation grounds following share price fall UBS: SELL | Target price: $17.30⬇️ vs $17.70 “We have been Sell rated on FMG, having been cautious on the iron ore outlook and sceptical that the push into Green Energy (and capex step up in general) will deliver.” Broker consensus rating and target price Fortescue (FMG) Broker Consensus vs FY24 Results The above table shows all ratings and targets for FMG from broker research notes since May 1 (to keep it current). To obtain FMG’s Broker Consensus Rating, we assigned a value of +1 to any rating better than HOLD/NEUTRAL/MARKETWEIGHT, a value of 0 for any rating equivalent to HOLD/NEUTRAL/MARKETWEIGHT, and a value of -1 to any rating worse than HOLD/NEUTRAL/MARKETWEIGHT. We then take the average of all assigned rating values and assign a Broker Consensus Rating of BUY to average rating values greater than +0.5, a rating of HOLD for average rating values between -0.5 and +0.5, and a rating of SELL for average rating values less than -0.5. Using this model, FMG’s average rating value is -0.25, up from -0.50 prior to its FY24 results, resulting in its Broker Consensus Rating remaining at HOLD . FMG’s consensus (average) target price is $18.38, down 1.9% from $18.74 prior to its FY24 results. This suggests brokers believe the stock is around 0.7% undervalued based upon FMG’s share price at the time of writing of $18.24. Mineral Resources: Buy, Hold, or Sell? FY24 results overview Revenue: +10% to $5.28 billion vs consensus $4.85 billion Underlying EBITDA: -40% to $1.06 billion vs consensus $1.03 billion Final dividend: No dividend declared for a total FY24 dividend of $0.20 fully franked (vs $1.90 fully franked in FY23) Individual broker reactions Citi: BUY | Target price: $55.00⬇️ vs $60.00 Broker notes share price fall post-results due to market disappointment over higher than expected CAPEX and “weaker lithium metrics” “MIN is attractive on valuation but holders will need to look through a tough six months.” Macquarie: NEUTRAL | Target price: $48.00⬇️ vs $60.00 “A production pull back from Mt Marion was especially alarming considering the Ganfeng offtake and services margins at the mine.” “MIN's strategy to strengthen its balance sheet and flexibility to cut discretionary costs is a key focus. However, we see limited upside in the near term without commodity price help.” “We cut our TP by 20% to A$48ps with a lower production outlook and higher capex expected. Reiterate Neutral on a volatile base.” Morgan Stanley: OVERWEIGHT | Target price: $70.00⬇️ vs $79.00 “Despite lower cash generation in FY25 slowing the rate of the deleveraging, we still see MIN's transformation journey as one that is achievable with a reasonable buffer to weakness in commodity prices, leaving an equity raise unlikely at this stage. We see enough upside for LT investors.” Morgans: ADD | Target price: $53.00⬇️ vs $67.00 Long term fundamentals are intact despite short term challenges, the more conservative strategy in FY25, including significant cost cutting measures is necessary given the current downturn in market conditions Consensus rating and target price Mineral Resources (MIN) Broker Consensus vs FY24 Results Using our same consensus model for MIN, its average rating value is +0.36, down from +0.43 prior to its FY24 results, resulting in its Broker Consensus Rating remaining at HOLD . In light of there being a few possible outliers in MIN’s target prices we have one file, particularly from those brokers for which we have not yet received research updates (they can often take a few days to flow through), we present target price data in two formats here – median and average. MIN’s average target price is $55.21, down a substantial 11% from $62.05 prior to its FY24 results. Using this method, this suggests brokers believe the stock is around 37.1% undervalued based upon MIN’s share price at the time of writing of $40.26. MIN’s median target price is $51.00, down an even more substantial 15% from $60.00 prior to its FY24 results. Using this method, this suggests brokers believe the stock is around 26.7% undervalued based upon MIN’s share price at the time of writing of $40.26. The verdict? It’s a contentious one! Both stocks are consensus rated at HOLD, but MIN’s +0.36 Broker Consensus Rating value is superior to FMG’s -0.25. Neither stock appears to be providing brokers en-masse with a clear cut reason to recommend that their clients buy. MIN appears to offer substantially more upside based upon consensus target prices, though, with brokers considering it potentially 26.7% undervalued compared to FMG’s 0.7%. Keep in mind in both cases, that consensus ratings and price targets may change over the next few days as the brokers we have on file who have not yet updated their analysis do so. This is particularly likely in the case of MIN, given we have several brokers still to update who happen to have price targets substantially greater than where their peers have moved post results. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter Carl brings more than 30 years of investing experience and a track record of helping thousands of investors navigate every kind of market. A highly regarded commentator on global macro trends and their impact on Australian and US equities, he is also one of Australia's most recognised educators in technical analysis — having taught his distinctive price-action trend following methodology to two generations of investors. Printed 08/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index