Fortescue shares took a beating after its quarterly report. Is it time to buy? ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Reporting Season / Fortescue shares took a beating after its quarterly report. Is it time to buy? Reporting Season REPORTING SEASON News | Reporting Season Fortescue shares took a beating after its quarterly report. Is it time to buy? If Fortescue's share price is anything to go by, brokers didn't like its quarterly report. But is the share price dip a buying opportunity? Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter --> 26 July 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 6 min read Share Print Article Source: Shutterstock, Market Index Mentioned Iron Ore FMG $53B Fortescue Ltd KEY POINTS Iron ore producer Fortescue, delivered its June quarter production report this week Despite record shipments and strong cash flow generation, shares in the company plunged after the report was released We investigate the big brokers key findings, and review any changes in their ratings and price targets to determine if they think Fortescue is finally a buy Quarterly reporting season for ASX resources companies is hotting up with several major ASX listed producers reporting in the last 24 hours. Fortescue ( ASX: FMG ) is undoubtedly the biggest of them, certainly in terms of market capitalisation – but probably also in terms of investor interest. Fortescue has been a market darling for several years now due its extraordinary dividend yield that topped out in 2018 at 24.4% on a grossed-up basis (i.e., accounting for franking credits). That eye-watering yield has ebbed somewhat lately, but based on consensus estimates, Fortescue is still likely to deliver a grossed-up yield in excess of 10% for FY24. Fortescue grossed up dividend yield chart Fortescue shareholders will know that the company’s share price, whilst generally rising over the period referred to above, has been extremely volatile. This is typical of a commodity producer that is largely at the mercy of commodity price moves – in this case the price gyrations of iron ore. Fortescue price chart last 10 years Right now, Fortescue’s price is in a downturn. After falling just five cents shy of $30 in February, it’s now trading closer to $20. Is it time to cash in on the current price weakness and pick up a +10% yield? Let’s investigate what the biggest brokers in the land had to say about Fortescue’s June quarter report, and whether they think investors should buy the current dip – or wait for even lower prices. Fortescue Broker Consensus vs June Quarter Update Broker Consensus vs June Quarter Update infographic Let’s kick off with a summary of all the moves in broker ratings and price targets post report. The graphic above compares all the broker information we have on file going back three months to keep it current. We have filings for nine brokers in total, of which six issued updates today regarding Fortescue’s June quarter report. There weren’t any rating changes, the brokers are still 3 HOLD and 6 SELL . I track broker ratings across ASX stocks very closely, and I am quite certain only Commonwealth Bank of Australia ( ASX: CBA ) is more broadly despised by the brokers with a unanimous eight out of eight SELL ratings. But at least CBA’s share price is rising… There were several price target changes for Fortescue, however, all cuts. These cuts caused the average price target across the 9 brokers to decline by 82 cents, or 4.2%, to $18.91 . This implies 7.8% downside based on the price at the time of writing of $20.50. The highest price target of $23.50 is held by Citi, but they have not yet published a research note on the June quarter report, so this may change over the next few days. For what it’s worth, Citi’s target represents around 14% upside. The lowest price target of $14.25 is held by Macquarie, representing around 30% downside. It makes sense the three HOLD rated brokers are the only ones with price targets above the current price. But what strikes me here is, how wide the range is for Fortescue’s valuation – a massive 45% in terms of its current share price from the lowest price target to the highest. This is unusual for a company that really has only one source of revenue . Yes, that thought just popped into my mind too! Fortescue Future Industries. Possibly the elephant in the room in terms of why brokers’ views are split so widely on the company’s valuation. Regardless of whether you’re a believer in Twiggy Forrest's green ideology and his intentions for Fortescue to become a global leader in renewable energy, current broker views are hardly a glowing endorsement. So, purely based on broker ratings and price targets, we’ve answered the question of whether Fortescue is yet a buy. Let’s take a quick look at the broker’s commentaries to see if we can glean any further information as to what factors they think could move the dial going forward. Goldman Sachs Retain SELL | Price Target $15.50⬇️ from $16.20 Broker notes shipments were 2Mt above forecast Iron ore price realisation of 82% of the Fe 62% Index was below the broker’s forecast of 84% due to lower grades FY25 guidance was in line with expectations The broker gave 4 reasons for retaining its sell recommendation : 1. “Relative valuation vs. BHP & RIO: the stock is trading at a premium to RIO & BHP on our estimates” 2. “Widening of low grade 58% Fe product realisations over the medium to long term due to our expectations of increasing supply of low grade iron ore” 3. “Execution and ramp-up risks on the Iron Bridge project in FY25 & FY26 due to water availability and also reliability and performance of key processing equipment” 4. “Higher near to medium term capex, uncertainties around the Energy and Pilbara decarbonisation and impact on FCF, dividend and balance sheet” JP Morgan Retain NEUTRAL | Price Target $23⬇️ from $25 Broker described the results as solid, noting that production volume beat its estimates, but costs were a miss FY25 guidance was provided, and this was below the brokers expectations in terms of shipments and capital expenditures (CAPEX) The broker remains NEUTRAL, seeking a better entry point in terms of share price before considering upgrading to a buy Macquarie Retain UNDERPERFORM | Price Target $14.25⬇️ from $14.50 “We expect FMG to come under pressure over FY25E/ FY26E/FY27E, with FCF yields of 5%/2%/1% and DPS yields of 5%/3%/3%. We have concerns on FMG's ability to maintain high FCF and DPS yields as cash flows are funnelled into speculative long-duration investments.” Morgan Stanley Retain UNDERWEIGHT | Price Target $18.70 “4Q production and price (greater proportion of Super Special fines sold) missed consensus and MSe. However, costs were better on lower-than-guidance strip ratio. FY25 higher vs. cons on costs and capex. ND in-line with MSe.” On FY25 guidance: capex guidance came in higher at the midpoint than forecast, costs of US$18.5-19.75/t are 10% lower than forecast. UBS Retain SELL | Price Target $17.70⬇️ from $18.90 “FMG ended FY24 strongly with shipments at the bottom of the guided range which speaks to the operational health of the hematite business.” “We update estimates for higher costs and lower price realisations, resulting in 6%-11% EPS downgrades over FY24-26E” Looking to Fortescue’s FY24 results due 28 August: “We look for 2H-FY24 dividend of A66cps on a payout ratio of 50%” With respect to the company's green energy project: “with Pecem green hydrogen entering full feasibility/FEED studies, and Holmaneset to follow. We look to concrete studies on project economics to gain some transparency on green hydrogen project economics” On iron ore prices: “we expect prices to average US$100-105/t over FY25 on continued soft fundamentals, weak demand and slightly stronger supply resulting in a build in port inventory during 1H-CY25” ABOUT THE AUTHOR Carl Capolingua Lead Writer and Presenter Carl brings more than 30 years of investing experience and a track record of helping thousands of investors navigate every kind of market. A highly regarded commentator on global macro trends and their impact on Australian and US equities, he is also one of Australia's most recognised educators in technical analysis — having taught his distinctive price-action trend following methodology to two generations of investors. Printed 07/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index