Fortescue 1Q25 Earnings Call Highlights ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Earnings Highlights / Fortescue 1Q25 Earnings Call Highlights Earnings Highlights EARNINGS HIGHLIGHTS News | Earnings Highlights Fortescue 1Q25 Earnings Call Highlights Fortescue's September quarter costs were much higher than expected amid higher strip ratios and persistent inflationary pressures. Earnings Highlights Content --> 24 October 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 3 min read Share Print Article Source: iStock Mentioned FMG $53B Fortescue Ltd Fortescue ( ASX: FMG ) shares dipped around 3% after its September quarter update flagged lower-than-expected iron ore shipments at higher costs. September Quarter Summary Fortescue's first quarter shipments and C1 cost missed consensus expectations of 48.2Mt and US$19.2 a tonne. Iron ore shipments of 47.7Mt, up 4% compared to a year ago Hematite C1 cost of US$20.1/wmt, up 12% amid higher strip ratio and inflationary pressures Hematite average revenue of US$83/dmt, realising 83% of the average Platt's 62% CFR Index Cash of US$3.4 billion and net debt of US$2.1 billion Signed a US$2.8 billion partnership with Liebherr to jointly develop and validate a range of zero emission mining solutions Guidance for FY25 shipments, C1 cost and capex remains unchanged Quarterly Briefing Highlights The below topics have been answered by CEO Dino Otranto, CEO Mark Hutchinson and CFO Apple Paget. Strip ratios and weather changes : "Hematite C1 cost was $20.16 per tonne. Now that was up 12% on 1Q24. It was impacted by a higher strip ratio in the quarter, together with some inflationary pressures." FY25 guidance: "... guidance for FY 2025 shipments, C1 cost, and capital expenditure remains unchanged." Green Iron Metal Project: "... a feasibility study assessing approximately 1 million tonne per annum Green iron metal project in the Pilbara is proposed to kick off next year." FID for Green Projects: "Work continues on our four green hydrogen projects in Australia, the United States, Norway, and Brazil in particular feasibility studies continue to advance." Electric trucks : "We made tangible progress towards transitioning Fortescue's diesel mining fleet to a zero-emission fleet, equipment partnerships were signed at Minexpo with Liebherr and MacLean." Analyst Q&A Highlights Why has the strip ratio increased so much : "Q1 was impacted by unseasonable weather impacts and sequence changes, resulting in more waste moved and less ore mined relative to recent quarters. This is a timing impact with no change to the outlook, as you mentioned, into FY25. So the full year, as you may recall, we've indicated approximately 1.8." Explain the price realisation of 97% relative to the Platt's 65% index, considering Iron Bridge is 67% Fe content: "Our realisations, as you've mentioned, weren't in line with what we were expecting. A couple of factors changed recently — low steel volumes, depressed margins, and a slight oversupply of the concentrate market in China caused that. We have seen improvements in the last few weeks with better concentrate inventories and good movement on that product." Is the underperformance of Iron Bridge due to the timing of sales or contractual price, or impurities in the product: "There are no issues with the quality of the product; it’s meeting and exceeding expectations. The dominant issue is the oversupply of concentrate, not impurities." Will electric trucks impact production, volume or costs : "We don't anticipate any change at all in production profile. That's the name of all of the game ... We'll take that on note and take you through one of them at the next Investor Day." Market strategy in China: "Iron Bridge is a different type of product that has a broader appeal ... clearly it does appeal to steelmakers outside of China as well as in China." Why not eliminate lower-priority endeavors : "Exploration spend doesn't consume a lot of management time ... we’ve got some prospective targets in Latin America we’re excited about." This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Earnings Highlights Content Your go-to resource for concise summaries of company earnings calls. Printed 07/09/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index