Is it time to get bullish on BHP, Rio Tinto and Fortescue? ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Materials / Is it time to get bullish on BHP, Rio Tinto and Fortescue? Materials MATERIALS News | Materials Is it time to get bullish on BHP, Rio Tinto and Fortescue? Iron ore holds US$100 despite bearish forecasts. If prices persist, miners could deliver some solid dividends and FCF yields. Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> Fri 24 Oct 2025, 14:17 AEDT ∙ 4 min read Share Print Article Source: iStock Mentioned Iron Ore BHP $318B BHP Group Ltd FMG $54B Fortescue Ltd RIO $65.4B RIO Tinto Ltd KEY POINTS If iron ore continues to sit around US$100 a tonne instead of falling to Morgan Stanley's US$94 forecast, Fortescue's free cash flow yield jumps from 5.0% to 8.6%, while BHP and Rio see smaller but meaningful gains. Iron ore has defined all bearish expectations, including further deflation in Chinese wholesale prices, plummeting property prices and lackluster steel production growth. December historically delivers 9.6% average gains for iron ore with prices rising 90% of the time since 2015 as Chinese mills stockpile ahead of New Year. The only thing that's bullish about iron ore is that everyone is bearish. When it comes to analyst commentary, modelling and forecasts, just about everyone expects iron ore to fall to US$90 a tonne or lower. Yet against all odds, iron ore has traded above US$100 for most of this year, creating a solid earnings backdrop for miners like BHP, Rio Tinto and Fortescue. Iron ore price chart (Source: TradingView) Valuations at spot prices Given the bearish outlook, most analysts see modest upside in the iron ore majors. But there's a stark contrast if current spot prices hold. If iron ore remains around US$100, the outlook becomes far more attractive. Ticker Company Rating Target Spot valuation BHP BHP Overweight $46.50 $50.00 RIO Rio Tinto Equal-weight $121.00 $134.50 FMG Fortescue Overweight $19.90 $20.95 Source: Morgan Stanley Research, October 2025 Iron ore spot is priced at US$101, while Morgan Stanley forecasts prices falling 7% in 2026 to US$94. This differential between spot and forecasts has material implications for key metrics like free cash flow and dividend yield. Ticker Company FY26 FCF yield (base) FY26 FCF yield (spot) BHP BHP 4.4% 5.8% RIO Rio Tinto 3.2% 4.6% FMG Fortescue 5.0% 8.6% Source: Morgan Stanley Research, October 2025 Fortescue, with its pure-play exposure to iron ore, has the most upside. The FY26 free cash flow difference between base and spot price scenarios is 3.6 percentage points, while BHP and Rio Tinto both see 1.4 percentage points of upside. This spot scenario translates to significantly higher dividend yields, with Fortescue's soaring 2.8 percentage points to 8.2%. Ticker Company FY26 dividend yield (base) FY26 dividend yield (spot) BHP BHP 3.9% 4.6% RIO Rio Tinto 4.9% 5.7% FMG Fortescue 5.4% 8.2% Source: Morgan Stanley Research, October 2025 Wishful thinking? Iron ore's tenacity has defied all odds. You rarely get a glimpse of optimistic economic data out of China, which consumes over two-thirds of the world's seaborne iron ore market. China's latest data points flag a rather grim outlook for the steelmaking ingredient: The latest September inflation data had factory gate prices falling 2.3% year-on-year, marking a 36th straight month of declines Q3 GDP decelerated to 4.8% year-on-year from Q2's 5.2%, though in-line with analyst expectations A recent data dump flagged declining production across the board, with industrial production up 5.7% year-on-year in July (June: +6.8%), July PMI at 49.3 (June: 49.7) and July CPI of 0.0% year-on-year (June: 0.1%) New property starts tumbled 15.2% year-on-year in July, decelerating from a 9.5% in the prior month Crude steel output down 4.2% month-on-month and 4.0% year-on-year in July Iron ore imports totaled 105Mt in July, up 2.0% year-on-year despite the slowdown of steel output, port inventories have been drawing modestly, according to Morgan Stanley Though the data cuts both ways. If prices are still hovering around US$100 after all that, what would they look like under slightly better circumstances? Or perhaps the fundamentals are poor and as consensus suggests, prices will eventually drift lower. Entering a bullish period The four-month stretch between November and February is historically the most bullish time of year for iron ore. This momentum peaks in December, when prices have gained 9.6% on average (since 2015) and up 90% of the time. Iron ore monthly price performance (Source: Author's own calculations) This strength is likely driven by factors such as Chinese New Year, which takes place in late January and prompts steel mills and traders to stockpile iron ore ahead of the holiday. Other key economic meetings like the National People's Congress (typically mid-March) and Central Economic Work Conference (mid-December) also influence demand as they set economic policy priorities. The bottom line Iron ore is showing unusual resilience at a time when economic data suggests prices should be softening. This creates an interesting crossroad where iron ore majors are positioned to deliver some above-consensus free cash flows and market-leading dividends, should prices continue to hold. With iron ore now entering its historically strongest period of the year, the market may be underestimating the upside. Still, the bear case remains valid, with muted demand and fresh supply from Rio's Simandou project and resilient production from the other majors (Vale, BHP and Fortescue). Time will tell whether prices hold or fundamentals finally prevail. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 08/09/2026 Data Insights Iron Ore Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index