Fortescue shares sink 9% on massive block trade – Should you buy the dip? ASX 200 N/A All Market Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A All Indices ASX 200 N/A All Ords N/A Small Ords N/A All Tech N/A Resources N/A ws --> Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Press / All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News All Stocks Indices Commodities Scans News Watchlist Sign in Join for free Home ASX Indices News Stock Scans Commodities Popular Pages Plans & Portfolios Advertisement Home / News / Iron Ore / Fortescue shares sink 9% on massive block trade – should you buy the dip? Iron Ore IRON ORE News | Iron Ore Fortescue shares sink 9% on massive block trade – should you buy the dip? Fortescue has shed $5 billion in market cap on Tuesday after a major shareholder dumped $2 billion worth of stock at a substantial discount. Kerry Sun Lead Writer --> 30 July 2024 ∙ This article is more than 12 months old and may be outdated ∙ 4 min read Share Print Article Source: iStock Mentioned Iron Ore FMG $57.2B Fortescue Ltd KEY POINTS Fortescue shed $5 billion in market cap on Tuesday after a major institutional shareholder dumped $2 billion worth of stock at a substantial discount Fortescue faces a long list of challenges including lower-than-expected guidance, increased capex, and potential pressure on its dividend policy due to weaker earnings forecasts Analysts remain bearish on the stock as they expect its valuation premium (vs. BHP and Rio Tinto) to fade, while execution risks and low-grade iron ore concerns persist Fortescue ( ASX: FMG ) shares are caught in a downward spiral as major institutional investors seek to exit the stock amid a range of issues including weak iron ore prices, cost management challenges and costly renewable energy ambitions. On Tuesday morning, a significant $1.85 billion block trade crossed at $18.55 per share. The Financial Review reported that fund managers were seeking buyers within a range of $18.55 to $19.10 per share, representing an 8.8% to 6.1% discount to Monday's closing price. The fact that the block trade occurred at the floor price suggests weak demand for Fortescue shares. Fortescue's stock opened at $18.53 on Tuesday, down 8.9% to its lowest level since November 2022. Over the past six months, the stock has declined by 37%. FMG's 1-yr Price Chart. Source: Market Index Block after block A block trade is an agreement between two parties to sell a large volume of shares at a set price. This latest block trade is particularly noteworthy when compared to a previous selldown on Tuesday, June 18, as today's trade was almost double the size of the earlier $1.1 billion transaction and came at a steeper discount. The June trade had a fixed 6% discount at $21.60 per share. The market's reaction to these trades has also shifted. Following the June 18 trade, Fortescue shares opened 2.7% lower at $22.35 and closed 5.2% down at $21.79, with the selldown impact becoming apparent only after the market opened. In contrast, today's trade was immediately priced in, reflecting heightened investor caution. Value or trap? Fortescue FY22 vs. FY24 : While Fortescue's share price hasn't been this low since November 2022, investors should exercise caution before viewing this as a buying opportunity. From a fundamental perspective, the company's financials were stronger in FY22 compared to Macquarie's FY24 estimates. Here are some FY22 vs. FY24e comparisons: Revenue: US$17.4bn vs. US$18.1bn EBITDA: US$10.5bn vs. US$10.2bn Reported NPAT: US$6.19bn vs. US$5.73bn Dividend yield: 10.3% vs. 8.9% The latest quarterly (25-Jul): Macquarie says Fortescue achieved what they thought was impossible – A last minute sprint to hit its FY24 guidance following a derailment incident last December. The company reported full-year shipments of 191.6 million tonnes, just shy of its 192 million tonne guidance. The quarterly contained mostly negative takeaways, including: FY25 capex guidance of US$3.7 billion to US$4.3 billion is 14% above consensus expectations of US$3.5 billion FY25 shipment guidance of 190-200Mt was 2% below consensus expectations C1 cost for Pilbara Hematite of US$18.50 to US$19.75/wmt was 5% above consensus FY25 Iron Bridge production of 7.5Mt is 12% below consensus expectations of 8.5Mt Earnings forecasts : "Whilst management spoke of a lean focus and 700 jobs were cut across the business, under our price forecasts, Fortescue's minimum 50% pay-out ratio comes under pressure. To sustain the dividend policy, we believe Fortescue may need to increase gearing," Macquarie said in a note last week. The analysts downgraded the company's FY25 and FY26 earnings assumptions by 7% and 5% respectively to reflect the weaker-than-expected guidance and lower iron ore price assumptions. Macquarie retained an Underperform rating for Fortescue, with a $14.25 target price. Closing thoughts Fortescue was once a simple business – it dug stuff out of the ground at low costs, shipped it and paid out market-leading dividends to shareholders. The company is now experiencing what some might call an existential crisis. Fortescue has historically traded at a 20% multiple discount to iron ore peers BHP and Rio Tinto, according to Macquarie. Over the past five years, the company managed to narrow this valuation gap, largely due to its commitment to renewable energy and green hydrogen projects. However, the recent shift away from green hydrogen could potentially reopen this valuation disparity, pushing it back towards historical levels. FMG's Multiple Gap. Source: Macquarie Research July 2024 While the energy sector transformation is a significant factor, it's not the only challenge Fortescue faces. Goldman Sachs maintains a Sell rating on Fortescue, citing several concerns unrelated to the company's energy business: Relative valuation vs. peers: Fortescue currently trades at 1.3 times NAV, compared to BHP and Rio Tinto, both at 0.9 times. Low grade iron ore: Analysts anticipate widening price differentials for low-grade 58% Fe iron ore. This is due to increasing supply from low-grade projects such as MinRes' Ashburton and high coking coal prices. Execution risks: There are concerns about the company's Iron Bridge project, particularly regarding water availability and the performance of key processing equipment. The last thing to note is the all-important iron ore price, which is down almost 30% since January and not far off November 2022 levels. Singapore iron ore price chart (Source: TradingView) ABOUT THE AUTHOR Kerry Sun Lead Writer Kerry holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Monash University. He is passionate about equity research and trading (swing and intraday), with a focus on breaking down market-related catalysts into clear, contextual insights and developing data-driven market biases. Printed 26/07/2026 Advertisement Sign up to our free Market Wraps Get our free newsletters for expert market analysis and insights. Over 200k subscribers and growing. --> Subscribe for free: Morning Wrap Evening Wrap Weekend Wrap Subscribe By providing your email, you agree to Market Index’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy ASX INDICES ASX 20 ASX 50 ASX 100 ASX 200 ASX 300 All Ordinaries All ASX Indices COMMODITIES Iron Ore Crude Oil Gold Silver Copper All Commodities INVESTMENT SCANS Highest Dividend Yield Broker Consensus POPULAR PAGES List of ASX Companies Upcoming Dividends Director Transactions ASX Sectors ASX ETFs ASX Short Sale Data ASX Announcements Cboe Funds Australian Dollar NEWS Latest News Authors Editorial Process STATS & DOWNLOADS Data Downloads Market Statistics RESOURCES Trading Hours History of the ASX EDITORS PICKS How to Buy Shares in Australia Dividend Yield Basics The Basics of Franking Credits Top 10 Investment Movies & Documentaries OUR NETWORK Livewire Markets About Us Careers Privacy FSG Terms Of Use Contact Us Market Index and its data suppliers accept no responsibility for any claim, loss or damage whatsoever as a result of information on this website or services. The Market Index website is owned by FinTech Equity Pty Ltd (ACN: 637 943 803) AFSL #521588 Factual Information Only: The Market Index website and all content, advertisements and other material contained on our website is factual information only. We are not financial advisers and none of the content on our website should be interpreted as financial advice. Nothing on our website is intended to imply a recommendation or opinion about a financial product or class of financial products. Before you make an investment decision based on any of the information contained on our website, please consult a qualified financial adviser or stockbroker. All content is provided “as is” and not intended for trading purposes. Copyright © 2026 Market Index