Across The Markets: Kainos, Diageo, Kodal Minerals 2025-05-19 08:44:16 (1 year ago) Related Companies: Diageo (DGE) , Kodal Minerals (KOD) , Kainos Group (KNOS) Diageo The brewery and distilling group Diageo published a Q3 trading statement this morning which appears to have been well received by the market. The company reported net sales up by almost 3%, adding that the improvement here should be sustained through the second half and also laid out plans for delivering accelerated cash returns, targeting $3bn by FY26. The note also highlights the forecast impact of US tariffs, with management adding that they are well experienced when it comes to navigating such levies globally. The impact is forecast to be $150m a year, with mitigations covering around half of that. The Diageo share price was almost 3% higher shortly after the open. Kodal Minerals The AIM listed mineral exploration and development company issued a note this morning rebutting media speculation that exports had been blocked at their flagship lithium project in Southern Mali. This project is continuing as planned and relations with the government remain positive. The impact has been that the Kodal share price jumped as much as 8% in early trade, although some of those gains are already looking vulnerable. Kainos Group The FTSE-250 listed IT services company published full year results this morning. A challenging start to the year saw management revise expectations lower and today’s update delivered here, but the material contract on many of the headlines, including revenues down 4%, pre-tax profits down 25% and EPS down 27% appeared to dominate. There were some signals to be optimistic about including a 20% increase in recurring revenues whilst the improved cash position saw a 4% jump in dividend and a further £30m share buyback being launched but the initial market reaction was to push the Kainos share price down by as much as 4%. Most read news on Investegate this morning Statement re Possible Combination - - Assura (AGR) Diageo issues fiscal 25 Q3 trading statement - - Diageo (DGE) Further Results from the Flow Testing of Megrez-1 - - Pantheon Resources (PANR) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Personal Assets Trust 33 minutes ago NCC Group 1 hour ago CMC Markets 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs 2 hours ago Shell All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and