BETA Close X Kainos Group plc has announced that Richard McCann, CFO/COO, transferred 1,521,822 ordinary shares to his spouse, Kerry McCann, as part of divorce proceedings. Following this off-market transfer, Richard McCann and his closely associated person now hold 4,631,476 ordinary shares, representing 3.92% of the company's issued share capital. This notification also includes the exercise of 544 options under the 2022 SAYE scheme on 11 December 2025, which was delayed due to an administrative oversight, with the PDMR confirming no inside information was possessed at the time. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 13 March 2026 13 March 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Director/PDMR The Company has been notified that in connection with a personal financial commitment forming part of divorce proceedings, Richard McCann has made an off-market transfer of 1,521,822 Kainos Group plc ordinary shares to his spouse Kerry McCann who is currently classified as a Person Closely Associated ("PCA"). Kerry McCann will remain a PCA until the marriage is legally dissolved, at which point the Company will no longer be required to aggregate her shareholding with that of Richard McCann in its disclosures. Following this transfer Richard McCann and his PCA have a reportable shareholding of 4,631, 476* ordinary shares, representing 3.92% of the Company's issued share capital. * Note: This total includes 544 shares resulting from an exercise of options under the Company's 2022 SAYE scheme on 11 December 2025. The exercise was identified during a routine internal reconciliation; the delay in notification was due to an administrative oversight regarding the classification of the exercise. The PDMR has confirmed that they were not in possession of inside information at the time of the transaction and continues to hold the resulting shares. Spousal Transfer 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Richard McCann 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status CFO/COO b. "Initial notification" vs "Amendment" Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Kainos Group plc b. LEI 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument/ type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.005 each (ISIN: GB00BZ0D6727 )/ KNOS b. Nature of the transaction Transfer to spouse c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.00 1,521,822 ordinary shares d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price N/A e. Date of the transaction 12-03-26 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue (XOFF) SAYE Exercise 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Richard McCann 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status CFO/COO b. "Initial notification" vs "Amendment" Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Kainos Group plc b. LEI 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument/ type of instrument Identification code Ordinary Shares of £0.005 each (ISIN: GB00BZ0D6727 )/ KNOS b. Nature of the transaction Exercise of options under 2022 SAYE Scheme c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £9.92 544 ordinary shares d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price N/A e. Date of the transaction 11-12-25 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue (XOFF) Kainos Group plc Legal Entity Identifier: 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 Ends For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning About Kainos Group plc Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products. Digital Services Our Digital Services customers face a range of business challenges, including the need to improve their customer service, reduce costs and increase productivity. We help them to solve these problems by developing and supporting custom digital service platforms. Our solutions enable customers and their users to work smarter, faster and better, while ensuring the platforms are secure, accessible and cost effective. Workday Services We are a respected partner to Workday Inc., providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Our experience in complex deployments means we are trusted to launch, test, expand and support Workday systems. Workday Products We have developed proprietary software products that complement Workday by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Over 600 global customers use one or more of our products, with adoption growing rapidly. Our people Our people are central to our success. We employ more than 3,100 people in 18 countries across Europe, Asia and the Americas. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Canal+ SA 2 days ago PayPoint 2 days ago Premier Miton Group 2 days ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and