BETA Close X Kainos Group plc has announced that as of July 1, 2026, its total number of ordinary shares in issue is 116,176,857, with each share carrying voting rights and no shares held in treasury. This figure will serve as the denominator for shareholders calculating their notification obligations under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 01 July 2026 01 July 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Total Voting Rights Pursuant to DTR 5.6.1 the Company announces that as at 01 July 2026, the total number of ordinary shares in issue now stands at 116,176,857 each with voting rights. There are no shares held in treasury. The above figure 116,176,857 may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change in their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Kainos Group plc Legal Entity Identifier: 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 Classification : 2.5 - Total number of voting rights and capital Ends For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning About Kainos Group plc Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services develops and supports custom digital service platforms, which help customers solve key business problems such as the need to improve their service, reduce costs and increase productivity. Workday Services is a respected Workday partner, providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Workday Products develops proprietary software products that complement Workday, by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Our purpose Our purpose is to help our customers with their most challenging projects and, together with our partners, help them build the capability to succeed in the digital age. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Canal+ SA 2 days ago PayPoint 2 days ago Premier Miton Group 2 days ago Braemar 2 days ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and