BETA Close X Kainos Group plc announced that Richard McCann, Director, exercised his 2016 PSP options over 57,403 ordinary shares at a price of £0.005 per share on June 8, 2026, retaining the shares. Following this transaction, Mr. McCann and his Person Closely Associated now hold a total of 4,688,879 ordinary shares, representing 4.039% of the company's issued share capital. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 08 June 2026 08 June 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Director/PDMR The Company was notified on 8 June 2026 that Richard McCann, Director, exercised his 2016 PSP options over ordinary shares in the Company. Mr McCann retained the ordinary shares on exercise. Following this notification, Mr McCann and his Person Closely Associated (PCA) have a reportable shareholding of 4,688,879 ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company, constituting 4.039% of the issued share capital of the Company. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. (A19 Market Abuse Regulation) 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Richard McCann 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status CFO/COO b. Initial notification/ Amendment Initial Notification 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Kainos Group plc b. LEI 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument/ type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares of £0.005 each KNOS b. Nature of the transaction Exercise of PSP Share Award c. Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £0.005 57,403 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price N/A e. Date of the transaction 08-06-26 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Kainos Group plc Legal Entity Identifier: 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 Ends For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning About Kainos Group plc Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services develops and supports custom digital service platforms, which help customers solve key business problems such as the need to improve their service, reduce costs and increase productivity. Workday Services is a respected Workday partner, providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Workday Products develops proprietary software products that complement Workday, by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Our purpose Our purpose is to help our customers with their most challenging projects and, together with our partners, help them build the capability to succeed in the digital age. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 55 minutes ago Canal+ SA 1 hour ago PayPoint 3 hours ago Premier Miton Group 3 hours ago Braemar 4 hours ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and