BETA Close X Kainos Group plc announced that on June 30, 2026, Richard McCann, the CFO/COO, was granted options over 776 ordinary shares under the SAYE Plan at an exercise price of £6.953 per share. This transaction, which occurred outside a trading venue, is part of the Kainos Group plc SAYE Plan open to eligible staff, including executive directors and managers. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 01 July 2026 01 July 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Director / PDMR shareholdings The Company announces that the Kainos Group plc SAYE Plan was open to all eligible staff, including executive directors and executive managers of the Company. On 30 June 2026, options over Ordinary Shares were granted under the SAYE Plan to those eligible staff who elected to participate, including Richard McCann, a director of the Company. Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them. (A19 Market Abuse Regulation) 1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a. Name Richard McCann 2. Reason for the notification a. Position/status CFO/COO b. Initial notification /Amendment Initial 3. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a. Name Kainos Group plc b. LEI 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 4. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a. Description of the Financial instrument/ type of instrument Identification code Options over Ordinary Shares of £0.005 each KNOS b. Nature of the transaction SAYE Share Awards 2026 c. Price(s) and volume(s) SAYE Award Exercise Price(s) Volume(s) £6.953 776 d. Aggregated information · Aggregated volume · Price N/A e. Date of the transaction 30-06-2026 f. Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Ends For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning About Kainos Group plc Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services develops and supports custom digital service platforms, which help customers solve key business problems such as the need to improve their service, reduce costs and increase productivity. Workday Services is a respected Workday partner, providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Workday Products develops proprietary software products that complement Workday, by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Our purpose Our purpose is to help our customers with their most challenging projects and, together with our partners, help them build the capability to succeed in the digital age. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and