BETA Close X Kainos Group plc has issued a trading update indicating a strong start to the financial year and has increased its guidance for the year ending March 31, 2027, anticipating revenue and adjusted PBT to be comfortably ahead of current market expectations, with consensus figures of £509.3m for revenue and £77.1m for adjusted PBT. Both the Digital Services and Workday Services and Products divisions have experienced double-digit revenue growth compared to the previous year, supported by significant contract wins and a robust pipeline, leading to record backlog levels. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 18 August 2026 The information contained within this announcement is deemed to constitute inside information as stipulated under the retained EU law version of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the "UK MAR") which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The information is disclosed in accordance with the Company's obligations under Article 17 of the UK MAR. Upon the publication of this announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 18 August 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Trading Update Strong start to the year; FY27 guidance increased Kainos Group plc (KNOS), a UK-headquartered IT provider with expertise across three divisions, Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products, today issues a trading update for the period since 31 March 2026 to date. During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company achieved double-digit percentage revenue growth, a very strong sales performance and record backlog levels. This strong momentum has continued in the first months of the current financial year. As a consequence, the Board now anticipates delivering revenue and adjusted PBT for the year ending 31 March 2027 comfortably ahead of current market expectations*. Digital Services continues to grow very strongly, supported by several significant contracts secured in H2/FY26 and further contracts awarded since the start of this financial year. Trading in both Workday Services and Workday Products has continued to perform well, with both divisions recording double-digit revenue increases over the same period in the previous financial year. Looking forward, we remain confident in our outlook for the financial year and beyond. This confidence is underpinned by a robust pipeline and a significant multi-year contracted backlog. While the macroeconomic environment remains volatile, Kainos operates in markets driven by clear structural trends and remains well positioned to deliver on its strategy. The announcement of our results for the six months ending 30 September 2026 will be made on Monday 9 November 2026. * Note: Company compiled range is based on known sell side analyst estimates for the year ending 31 March 2027. The current ranges are: Revenue £498.0m - £514.0m and Adjusted PBT £75.0m - £84.0m. The respective consensus figures are £509.3m and £77.1m. Kainos Group plc Legal Entity Identifier: 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 The person responsible for making this announcement is Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer. Ends For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning / Chloe Yorke About Kainos Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products. Digital Services Our Digital Services customers face a range of business challenges, including the need to improve their customer service, reduce costs and increase productivity. We help them to solve these problems by developing and supporting custom digital service platforms. Our solutions enable customers and their users to work smarter, faster and better, while ensuring the platforms are secure, accessible and cost-effective. Workday Services We are a respected partner to Workday Inc., providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Our experience in complex deployments means we are trusted to launch, test, expand and support Workday systems. Workday Products We have developed proprietary software products that complement Workday by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Over 600 global customers now use one or more of our products, with adoption growing rapidly. Our people Our people are central to our success. We employ more than 3,475 people in 18 countries across Europe, Asia and the Americas. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 17 minutes ago Bloomsbury Publishing 24 minutes ago Smith & Nephew 1 hour ago ActiveOps 3 hours ago South32 Limited (DI) 4 hours ago Greatland Gold All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and