BETA Close X Kainos Group plc anticipates delivering revenue ahead of consensus and adjusted PBT in line with forecasts for the year ended 31 March 2026, driven by double-digit percentage revenue growth and record backlog levels. The company expanded its workforce by 21% to 3,475 employees to meet increased demand, despite a short-term impact on margins. The Workday Products division achieved Annual Recurring Revenue exceeding £89 million, with a new Pay Transparency product securing 35 clients. Digital Services experienced strong growth, particularly in healthcare and public sector contracts, and North America revenue growth remained robust. Workday Services also returned to growth in the second half, with margin improvement expected in H2 FY27 as contractor usage decreases. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 20 April 2026 20 April 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Year-end Trading Update Kainos Group plc (KNOS), a UK-headquartered IT provider with expertise across three divisions, Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products, today issues a trading update for the year ended 31 March 2026. The Board anticipates delivering revenue ahead of consensus and adjusted PBT in line with forecasts*. The Company continued its strong performance in the second half of the financial year, achieving double-digit percentage revenue growth, very strong sales performance and record backlog levels. Kainos grew its workforce by 21% to 3,475 people which includes 259 contractors and third-party consultants . This strong recruitment reflects the depth and visibility of the order pipeline, and the use of external contractors and consultants is a considered response to increased demand, despite the short-term impact on margins. Divisional Highlights · Our Workday Products division achieved Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) exceeding £89m at year end and we remain on track to meet our £100m ARR goal during calendar year 2026 and our £200m target by 2030. Pay Transparency, launched in November to address the EU Pay Transparency Directive (effective June 2026), has secured 35 clients in the period. · Digital Services grew very strongly, securing significant healthcare and public sector contracts, including programmes with NHS England and the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency. North America revenue growth remained strong. · As indicated at our interim results, Workday Services returned to growth in H1 and we recorded further progress in the second half, particularly in our Americas and APAC regions. Outlook We are optimistic about the future given our strong momentum across digital transformation and our Workday businesses and reflecting our customers' continued trust and our colleagues' on-going commitment. Our balanced approach enables Kainos to navigate external uncertainties while sustaining momentum across divisions and markets, with margin improvement anticipated in H2 FY27 as the use of contractors reduces. While the macroeconomic environment remains volatile, Kainos operates in markets driven by clear structural trends, and we remain confident of delivering on our strategy. This confidence is based on our strong financial position: an excellent backlog and solid pipeline, a strong, debt-free balance sheet, disciplined capital allocation and robust cash generation. Together with favourable market trends, strategic capabilities and operational strengths, this provides a solid foundation for sustained growth and long-term shareholder value. We will announce the results for the year ended 31 March 2026 on 18 May 2026. * Note: Company compiled range is based on known sell-side analyst estimates. The ranges are: Revenue £392.1m - £411.1m and Adjusted PBT £65.6m - £70.0m. The respective consensus figures are £406.5m and £66.4m. Kainos Group plc Legal Entity Identifier: 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 Ends For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning / Chloe Yorke kainos@fticonsulting.com About Kainos Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products. Digital Services Our Digital Services customers face a range of business challenges, including the need to improve their customer service, reduce costs and increase productivity. We help them to solve these problems by developing and supporting custom digital service platforms. Our solutions enable customers and their users to work smarter, faster and better, while ensuring the platforms are secure, accessible and cost-effective. Workday Services We are a respected partner to Workday Inc., providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Our experience in complex deployments means we are trusted to launch, test, expand and support Workday systems. Workday Products We have developed proprietary software products that complement Workday by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Over 600 global customers now use one or more of our products, with adoption growing rapidly. Our people Our people are central to our success. We employ more than 3,475 people in 18 countries across Europe, Asia and the Americas. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 47 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 47 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 47 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 47 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and