BETA Close X Kainos Group plc announced changes to its Board and Board Committees, with Katie Davis, Independent Non-Executive Director and Remuneration Committee chair, stepping down at the Annual General Meeting on 22 September 2026 after nearly seven years of service. Davis was appointed to the Board on 28 November 2019 and became Remuneration Committee Chair on 01 September 2020. The company expressed gratitude for her contributions to establishing Kainos as a leading public company. Disclaimer* Kainos Group plc 28 April 2026 28 April 2026 Kainos Group plc ("Kainos" or the "Company") Board and Board Committee Changes Kainos Group plc (KNOS), a UK-headquartered IT provider with expertise across three divisions, Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products, today announces the following Board and Committee changes: Katie Davis, Independent Non-Executive Director and Remuneration Committee chair, has advised the Board that she will not seek re-election at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 22 September 2026 and will, therefore, step down from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM, having at that stage served for almost seven years. Rosaleen Blair, Chair, commented on the changes: "Our AGM later this year will mark the conclusion of Katie's valuable time on our Board. Katie was appointed as a Non-Executive Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee on the 28 November 2019 and assumed the role of Remuneration Committee Chair on the 01 September 2020. Katie has played an important part in establishing Kainos as a leading public company. We are incredibly grateful for the energy, insight and guidance that Katie has brought to the business during her time on our Board." This announcement is made in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6.4.6 R (2) and there are no further matters requiring disclosure. Ends Regulated Information Classification: 3.1 - Additional regulated information Kainos Group plc Legal Entity Identifier: 213800H2PQMIF3OVZY47 For further information, please contact: Kainos via FTI Consulting LLP Brendan Mooney, Chief Executive Officer Richard McCann, Chief Financial Officer Investec Bank plc +44 20 7597 5970 Patrick Robb / Nick Prowting / Arnav Kapoor FTI Consulting LLP +44 20 3727 1000 Dwight Burden / Kwaku Aning About Kainos Group plc Kainos Group plc is a UK-headquartered provider of sophisticated IT services to major public sector, commercial and healthcare customers and a developer of software applications. Our shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE: KNOS). Our expertise spans three divisions: Digital Services, Workday Services, and Workday Products. Digital Services Our Digital Services customers face a range of business challenges, including the need to improve their customer service, reduce costs and increase productivity. We help them to solve these problems by developing and supporting custom digital service platforms. Our solutions enable customers and their users to work smarter, faster and better, while ensuring the platforms are secure, accessible and cost effective. Workday Services We are a respected partner to Workday Inc., providing a comprehensive range of services to support customers deploying Workday's Finance, HR and Planning products. Our experience in complex deployments means we are trusted to launch, test, expand and support Workday systems. Workday Products We have developed proprietary software products that complement Workday by enhancing our customers' system security and compliance and improving their document generation and storage. Over 600 global customers use one or more of our products, with adoption growing rapidly. Our people Our people are central to our success. We employ more than 3,475 people in 18 countries across Europe, Asia and the Americas. Find out more You can discover more about us at www.kainos.com . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Kainos Group (KNOS) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 47 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 47 minutes ago Taseko Mines Limited NPV (DI) 47 minutes ago Xeros Technology Group 47 minutes ago Plus500 Ltd (DI) 47 minutes ago Capital for Colleagues plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and