Across The Markets: Kainos, BP, Advance Medical Solutions 2026-04-20 08:41:51 (3 months ago) Related Companies: BP (BP.) , Advanced Medical Solutions Group (AMS) , Kainos Group (KNOS) Advance Medical Solutions The wound care manufacturer Advance Medical Solutions issued a note to the market this morning confirming media speculation that an offer had been tabled for the company. Private equity play TA Associates now has 28 days to make a firm offer for the business under takeover rules. There are no details in terms of the premium that might be paid on the £500m business, but the Advance Medical Solutions share price was 15% higher shortly after the open. BP Looking beyond the corporate news agenda and attention is once again focused on the rollercoaster that is Trump’s positioning on the Iran conflict. Following another escalation over the weekend, crude prices are rising once again and that’s good news for the oil & gas industry. The BP share price is trading 3% higher in early trade, whilst Shell was a little over 2.5% up. This however does little for the wider economy as the volatility makes planning difficult and higher prices will almost inevitably fuel inflation. Kainos Group A year end trading update from the FTSE-250 listed software firm offered the market something to cheer as the new week got underway. Following the company’s return to growth earlier in the year, momentum was sustained with an especially strong performance noted in the Americas and APAC regions. Improved visibility over the order book has fuelled new hirings and full year revenues are now expected to be ahead of consensus estimates. Profits before tax are as previously forecast, but further margin improvements are expected in H2 FY27. The Kainos share price was up as much as 3% at the open but was quick to start handing back gains. Most read news on Investegate this morning Central Bank MCP server in action - - Insig AI (INSG) Third tozorakimab positive Phase III in COPD - - AstraZeneca (AZN) Statement regarding media speculation - - Evoke (DI) (EVOK) Disclaimer: This information does not constitute investment advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the views and opinions of Investegate. If in doubt consult a financial professional. Other Across the Markets Posts Across The Markets: ASOS, CMC Markets, Associated British Foods 01-07-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: ASOS (ASC) , Associated British Foods (ABF) , CMC Markets (CMCX) CMC Markets surges as trading update bolsters institutional outlook and ASOS finds investor support from asset disposal in the US but Associated British Foods slumps as ingredients division shows weakness. Across The Markets: Celsius Resources, Barratt Redrow, IWG 30-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Celsius Resources Limited (DI) (CLA) , IWG (IWG) Housebuilders turn lower as class action law suit over price fixing emerges, but IWG jumps on extended share buyback news and small cap Celsius Resources advances on asset disposal plans. Across The Markets: Eco Atlantic, Bridgepoint, BT Group 29-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: BT Group (BT.A) , Eco (Atlantic) Oil & Gas NPV (DI) (ECO) , Bridgepoint Group (Reg S) (BPT) BT Group sees modest gains off JV announcement with Verizon, Bridgepoint adds after acquisition news is well received and Eco Atlantic also finds cheer as farm out agreement gets government approvals. Across The Markets: Wise, Guardian Metals, Barratt Redrow 26-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: Barratt Redrow (BTRW) , Wise Class A (WISE) , Guardian Metal Resources plc (GMET) Barratt Redrow tops off week of gains with new CEO arrival date confirmed, Wise sees FY numbers at top end of estimates and Guardian Metals finds support ahead of next week’s feasibility study release. Across The market: 3i Group, Moonpig, easyJet 25-06-2026 (1 month ago) Related Companies: easyJet (EZJ) , 3i Group (III) , Moonpig Group (MOON) easyJet makes further gains as management offer an olive branch to suitor Castlelake, Moonpig surges on outperformance and buyback news, whilst 3i also reacts well to pre-AGM portfolio update. UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 minutes ago Personal Assets Trust 33 minutes ago NCC Group 1 hour ago CMC Markets 1 hour ago Sydbank A/S Sydbank Ord Shs 2 hours ago Shell All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and