Corporate Update
Growing Inventory; Expanding Capacity; 
Returning Capital
ASX | TSX : WGX
westgold.com.au
For personal use only
Important Notices and Disclaimer
Investor Presentation
This investor presentation is dated 28 August 2026 and has been prepared by Westgold Resources Limited (ASX: WGX, TSX:WGX) 
(Westgold) based on information available to it at the time of preparing this presentation. No representation or warranty, express or 
implied, is made as to the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information, opinions and conclusions contained in 
this presentation.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, none of Westgold, its directors, employees or agents, advisers, nor any other person, accepts 
any liability, including, without limitation, any liability arising from fault or negligence on the part of any of them or any other person, for 
any loss arising from the use of this presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with it.
Financial values are reported in A$ unless otherwise specified.
Not an Offer
This presentation is not an offer, invitation, solicitation or other recommendation with respect to the subscription for, purchase or sale 
of any security, and neither this presentation nor anything in it shall form the basis of any contract or commitment whatsoever.
This presentation has been prepared for publication in Australia and may not be released to US wire services or distributed in the 
United States. This presentation does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, securities in the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. Any securities described in this presentation have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions registered under the US Securities Act or exempt 
from, or not subject to, the registration of the US Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.
Summary Information
By reviewing or retaining these materials, or attending or participating in this presentation, you acknowledge and represent that you 
have read, understood and accepted the terms of this “Important Notices and Disclaimer”. This presentation contains summary 
information about Westgold and its activities current only at the date of this presentation. This presentation is for information purposes 
only. The information in the presentation is of a general nature only and does not purport to be complete. This presentation should be 
read in conjunction with Westgold’s periodic and continuous disclosure announcements lodged with the Australian Securities 
Exchange (ASX), which are available at www.asx.com.au and on Westgold's website at www.westgold.com.au, and in Canada under 
Westgold's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain information in this presentation may have been obtained from research, 
surveys or studies conducted by third parties, including industry or general publications. Neither Westgold nor its representatives have 
independently verified any such information sourced from third parties or industry or general publications.
Not Investment Advice
This presentation does not constitute in any way an offer or invitation to subscribe for securities in Westgold pursuant to the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). This presentation does not constitute investment advice and has been prepared by Westgold without 
taking into account the recipient’s investment objectives, financial circumstances or particular needs. Each recipient must make 
his/her own independent assessment and investigation of Westgold and its business and assets when deciding if an investment is 
appropriate and should not rely on any statement or the adequacy and accuracy of any information. 
This presentation is in summary form and does not purpose to be exhaustive. Westgold makes no representation or warranty (either 
expressed or implied) as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information in this presentation. Westgold and its respective 
directors, employees, agents and consultants shall have no liability (including liability to any person by reason of negligence or 
negligent misstatement) for any statements, opinions, information or matters (express or implied) arising out of, contained in or derived 
from, or for any omissions from the presentation, except liability under statute that cannot be excluded.
Forward-looking Statements
This document contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” which are based on the assumptions, 
estimates, analysis and opinions of management made in light of its experience and its perception of trends, current conditions and 
expected developments, as well as other factors that management of Westgold believes to be relevant and reasonable in the 
circumstances at the date that such statements are made, but which may prove to be incorrect. Forward-looking statements include 
statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as ‘expects’, 
‘anticipates’, ‘plans’, ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘seeks’, ‘intends’, ‘targets’, ‘projects’, ‘forecasts’, or negative versions thereof and other 
similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘would’ and ‘could’. Although management believes that 
the assumptions made by Westgold and the expectations represented by such information are reasonable, there can be no assurance 
that the forward-looking information will prove to be accurate. 
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements of Westgold to be materially different from any anticipated future results, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such factors include, among others, the actual market price of gold, the 
actual results of current exploration, the actual results of future exploration, changes in project parameters as plans continue to be 
evaluated, changes in laws, regulations and practices, the geopolitical, economic, permitting and legal climate that Westgold operates 
in, as well as those factors disclosed in Westgold's publicly filed documents. Westgold believes that the assumptions and expectations 
reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. 
Westgold does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except in accordance with applicable securities laws.
Historical Information
Information about the past performance of Westgold contained in this presentation is given for illustrative purposes only and cannot be 
relied upon as an indicator of (and provides no guidance as to) future performance, including future share price performance of 
Westgold. Any such historical information is not represented as being, and is not, indicative of Westgold’s view on its future financial 
condition and/or performance, nor the future financial condition and/or performance of the merged group.
Pro-forma financial information
Investors should be aware that this presentation contains pro-forma financial information and certain other  financial information and 
measures that are “non IFRS financial information” under Regulatory Guide 230:  ‘Disclosing non IFRS financial information’ published 
by ASIC and are not recognised under Australian  Accounting Standards (AAS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
The non IFRS financial information financial measures do not have a standardised meaning prescribed by the applicable AAS or  IFRS, 
and therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other entities, nor should they be construed as an 
alternative to other financial measures determined in accordance with the  applicable AAS or IFRS. Although Westgold believes the 
non-IFRS financial information and financial measures provide useful information to users in measuring the financial performance and 
condition of Westgold, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any non-IFRS financial information or financial measures 
included in this presentation. 
This presentation contains pro forma financial information of Westgold. The pro forma financial information provided in this 
presentation is for illustrative purposes only and is not represented as being indicative of Westgold’s (or anyone else's) views on 
Westgold’s future financial position and/or performance. 
2
For personal use only
3
Important Notices and Disclaimer
Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
The information in this presentation that relates to the Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources of Westgold has been extracted 
from the ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves" released to the ASX on 20 August 2026 
and available at www.asx.com.au. Westgold confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects 
the information included in that announcement, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the 
estimates in that announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Westgold confirms that the form and 
context in which the Competent Persons findings are presented have not been materially modified from that announcement.
The information in this presentation that relates to Westgold’s Exploration results and Mineral Resource Estimates is compiled 
by Westgold technical employees and contractors under the supervision of Mr. Jake Russell B.Sc. (Hons), who is a member of 
the Australian Institute of Geoscientists and who has verified, reviewed and approved such information. Mr Russell is a full-
time employee of Westgold and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposit 
under consideration and to the activities which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the Joint Ore 
Reserves Committee’s 2012 Australasian Code for Reporting of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code) and as a 
Qualified Person as defined in the CIM Guidelines and National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral 
Projects of the Canadian Securities Administrators (NI 43-101). Mr. Russell is a full-time employee as General Manager – 
Technical Services of Westgold and, accordingly, is not independent for purposes of NI 43-101. Mr Russell consents to and 
approves of  the inclusion in this presentation of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it 
appears. Mr Russell is eligible to participate in short and long-term incentive plans of Westgold.
The information in this presentation that relates to Westgold’s Ore Reserve is based on information compiled by Mr. Leigh 
Devlin B.Eng. FAusIMM and who has verified, reviewed and approved such information. Mr. Devlin has sufficient experience 
which is relevant to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposit under consideration and to the activities which they are 
undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the JORC Code and as a Qualified Person as defined in the CIM 
Guidelines and NI 43-101. Mr. Devlin is full-time senior executive of Westgold and, accordingly, is not independent for purposes 
of NI 43-101. Mr. Devlin consents to and approves of the inclusion in this presentation of the matters based on his information 
in the form and context in which it appears. Mr. Devlin is a full-time senior executive of Westgold and is eligible to and may 
participate in short-term and long-term incentive plans of Westgold as disclosed in its annual reports and disclosure 
documents.
Mineral Resources, Ore Reserve Estimates and Exploration Targets and Results are calculated in accordance with the JORC 
Code. Investors outside Australia should note that while Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates of the Company in this 
announcement comply with the JORC Code (such JORC Code-compliant Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources being "Ore 
Reserves" and "Mineral Resources" respectively), they may not comply with the relevant guidelines in other countries. The JORC 
Code is an acceptable foreign code under NI 43-101. Information contained in this presentation describing mineral deposits 
may not be comparable to similar information made public by companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements 
of US securities laws, including Item 1300 of Regulation S-K. All technical and scientific information in this presentation has 
been prepared in accordance with the Canadian regulatory requirements set out in NI 43-101 and has been reviewed on behalf 
of the Company by Qualified Persons, as set forth above.
This presentation contains references to estimates of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. The estimation of Mineral 
Resources is inherently uncertain and involves subjective judgments about many relevant factors. Mineral Resources that are 
not Ore Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. The accuracy of any such estimates is a function of the quantity 
and quality of available data, and of the assumptions made and judgments used in engineering and geological interpretation, 
which may prove to be unreliable and depend, to a certain extent, upon the analysis of drilling results and statistical inferences 
that may ultimately prove to be inaccurate. Mineral Resource estimates may require re-estimation based on, among other 
things: (i) fluctuations in the price of gold; (ii) results of drilling; (iii) results of metallurgical testing, process and other studies; 
(iv) changes to proposed mine plans; (v) the evaluation of mine plans subsequent to the date of any estimates; and (vi) the 
possible failure to receive required permits, approvals and licenses.
Investment Risk 
As noted above, an investment in shares in Westgold is subject to investment and other known and unknown risks, some of 
which are beyond the control of Westgold. Westgold does not guarantee any particular rate of return or the performance of  
Westgold, nor does it guarantee the repayment of capital from Westgold or any particular tax treatment. Prospective investors 
should have regard to the risks outlined in this presentation when making their investment decision and should make their own 
enquires and investigations regarding all information in this presentation, including but not  limited to the assumptions, 
uncertainties and contingencies which may affect future operations of Westgold and the impact that different  future outcomes 
may have on Westgold. These risks, together with other general risks applicable to all investments in listed securities  not 
specifically referred to, may affect the value of shares in Westgold in the future. There is no guarantee that  the Westgold shares 
will make a return on the capital invested, that dividends will be paid on the Westgold shares or that there will be an increase in 
the value of the Westgold shares in the future. Accordingly, an investment in Westgold should be considered highly speculative 
and potential investors should consult their professional advisers before deciding whether to subscribe for Westgold shares.
Effect of Rounding
A number of figures, amounts, percentages, estimates and calculations of value in this presentation are subject to the effect of 
rounding. The actual calculation of these figures may differ from the figures set out in this presentation.
Disclaimer 
Neither Westgold nor any of its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees or agents, 
have authorised, permitted or caused the issue, submission, dispatch or provision of this presentation and, except to the 
extent referred to in this presentation, none of them makes or purports to make any statement in this presentation and there is 
no statement in this presentation which is based on any statement by any of them. To the maximum extent permitted by law, 
Westgold and its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees or agents exclude and 
disclaim all liability, for any expenses, losses, damages or costs incurred by you and the information in this presentation being 
inaccurate or incomplete in any way for any reason, whether by negligence or otherwise. To the maximum extent permitted by 
law, Westgold and its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees or agents make no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the currency, accuracy, reliability or completeness of information in this 
presentation and the statements made in this presentation are made only as at the date of this presentation (unless otherwise 
indicated). The information in this presentation remains subject to change without notice. 
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Westgold and its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, 
partners, employees or agents each expressly disclaims any and all liability, including, without limitation, any liability arising 
out of fault or negligence for any loss arising from the use of or reliance on information contained in this presentation, including 
representations or warranties or in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information, statements, opinions, 
forecasts, reports or other matters, express or implied, contained in, arising out of or derived from, or for omissions from, this 
presentation including, without limitation, any financial information, any estimates or projections and any other financial 
information derived therefrom.
For personal use only
Westgold - a leading Australian
gold company
4
All Australian – multi-mine production within a Tier 1 jurisdiction
4 processing hubs in Western Australia
ASX100, unhedged gold producer of scale
Three consecutive years of record production – FY26 production of 387koz 
exceeds FY26 guidance1
Strong balance sheet underpinned by exceptional cash flow
Debt free with $1.5B in available liquidity at 30 June 2026
Increasing shareholder returns
$122M returned to shareholders in FY26 - from dividends and buybacks3
Long life assets with growing Ore Reserves
4.1Moz in Ore Reserves; 10 year Group Reserve life2
Fully funded for organic growth
Base case plan delivers growth to 470koz gold production in FY28 
1.
Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “June 2026 Quarterly Report” dated 22 July 2026 for further information.
2.
Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves” dated 20 August 2026 for further information.
3.
Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “Westgold delivers $122M in FY26 Shareholder Capital Returns” dated 28 August 2026 for further information.   
For personal use only
FY26 Corporate Update
5
Delivering on our strategy
A record year — stronger earnings, a larger reserve and more capital returned
Financial Strength1
$1.1B
Underlying EBITDA
$480M underlying net profit
$602M free cash flow
$939M treasury balance
Inventory Growth2
4.1Moz
Ore Reserves
Mineral Resources up 8% 
to 14.4Moz, adjusted for 
divestments
Maiden Fletcher Ore 
Reserve of 1.1Moz 
declared
Organic Expansion3
+66%
Potential milling capacity lift
Cue Expansion Plan study 
Meekatharra Expansion 
Plan study 
4Mtpa Higginsville study
Shareholder Returns4
$122M
Returned in FY26
10cps fully franked 
dividend for FY26
$50M FY27 share buyback 
approved
New shareholder capital 
return policy adopted
FY26 guidance exceeded: 387koz produced  —  19% increase on FY25 (326koz)
1. Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “Appendix 4E & 30 June 2026 Annual Financial and Climate Report” dated 28 August 2026 for further information; 2. Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves as at 30 June 2026. Refer to “Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources” section in slide 3 for further information. Refer to the 
Company’s ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves” dated 20 August 2026 for further information; 3. Refer to ASX announcement titled “Cue Hub Expansion to 1.7Mtpa in FY28” dated 5 August 2026, refer to ASX announcement titled “2.9Mtpa Meekatharra Expansion Plan” dated 25 
August 2026 and refer to ASX announcement titled “1.1Moz Maiden Fletcher Ore Reserve” dated 18 August 2026 for more information; 4. Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “Westgold delivers $122M in FY26 Shareholder Capital Returns” dated 28 August 2026 for further information.
For personal use only
ASX:WGX - liquid  unhedged ASX100 gold producer
ASX:WGX - liquid & unhedged ASX100 gold producer
Shares Outstanding1
944.1M
Average daily trading volume2
3.3M
Market Capitalisation2
$6.5B
Cash, bullion & liquid investments3
$939M
Available Debt facility
$600M
$8.05
$6.83
$2.00
$4.00
$6.00
$8.00
$10.00
Jul 24 Sep 24 Nov 24 Jan 25 Mar 25 May 25 Jul 25 Sep 25 Nov 25 Jan 26 Mar 26 May 26 Jul 26
Westgold ASX : WGX share price performance2
Shareholder composition5
Broker coverage
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves4 (Moz)
2.3
6.7
5.4
Mineral 
Resources
0.9
3.2
Ore Reserves
Proven
Probable
Measured
Indicated
Inferred
14.4
4.1
10%
6%
6%
6%
6%
67%
Others
1. As at 26 Aug 2026; 2. As at 26 Aug 2026 from NASDAQ IR Insight; 3. As at 30 June 2026; 4. Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves as at 30 June 2026. Refer to “Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources” section in slide 3 for further information. Refer to 
the Company’s ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves” dated 20 August 2026 for further information; 5. As at 31 July 2026
6
For personal use only
Financial Strength
FY26 Financial Results
7
For personal use only
FY26 Financial highlights1 
8
Underlying EBITDA
$1.1B
A record year of earnings — 387koz produced at an 
AISC of $2,841/oz
Underlying EBIT
Earnings after depreciation and 
amortisation
$773M
Underlying NPAT
Underlying net profit attributable to 
shareholders
$480M
Statutory NPAT
Reported result including one-off and 
non-cash items
$443M
Underlying EBITDA Margin
45%
349% YoY
454% YoY
122% YoY 
from 37% in FY25
1,166% YoY
1. Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “Appendix 4E & 30 June 2026 Annual Financial and Climate Report” dated 28 August 2026 for further information
For personal use only
Underlying EBITDA1 to Statutory NPAT Reconciliation
9
1,104
982
651
643
443
3
85
FY26 Underlying EBITDA
Statutory NPBT
(285)
Underlying income tax
expense
Impact of Adjustments on
income tax expense
FY26 Statutory NPAT
(5)
Loss on assets held for sale
(119)
Loss on asset sales
(1)
Exploration and evaluation
expenditure written off
Reversal of impairment of 
an associate
Statutory EBITDA
(331)
D&A
Statutory EBIT
(8)
Net interest expense
Non-cash gap between consideration and 
book value on Mt-Henry Selene, net of the 
gain on Peak Hill
Increased production year on year drove 
higher depreciation compared to FY25
Deferred tax liability released on the Mt-
Henry Selene and Peak Hill disposal2, 
reducing the $119M loss to $34M net
1.
Refer to the “Pro-forma financial information” disclaimer on slide 2 for further information.  
2.
Refer to the Company’s ASX announcements titled “Completion of the Mt Henry-Selene Gold Project Divestment” dated 16 February 2026 and “Completion of the Peak Hill Gold Project Divestment” dated 1 July 2026 for further information.
For personal use only
FY26 Cash highlights1
10
Net cashflow from 
operations
$964M
Cash generated by the four 
operating hubs after interest 
and tax
Investing cash flow
$362M
Investment in growth capital 
and exploration, offset by 
divestment proceeds
Free cash flow
$602M
Operating cash flow after 
investment in growth
Closing Treasury Balance
$939M
158% YoY
Cash, bullion and liquid 
investments at 30 June 2026
$341M  growth capital invested
$42M  exploration and resource definition
Total available liquidity of $1.5B inclusive of $600M undrawn debt facility
170% YoY
3% YoY
11,940% YoY
1. Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “Appendix 4E & 30 June 2026 Annual Financial and Climate Report” dated 28 August 2026 for further information
For personal use only
$575M build in Treasury balance1
FY26 Treasury Movement ($M) 
1.
Treasury (cash, bullion and liquid investments)
2.
Closing FY26 investments and bullion exclude investments in Valiant Gold. Closing investments exclude Corazon 
11
Stamp duty paid
(50)
Debt repayment
66
Proceeds from
Divestments
(54)
FY26 Opening
Treasury Balance
NMG Capital
Raise Participation
(27)
(96)
FY25 Dividend
Payment
(27)
Opening Bullion
FY26 Share
Buy Back
Closing Cash
112
Closing Bullion
160
Closing
Investments2
FY26 Closing
Treasury Balance
(28)
Opening
Investments
Opening Cash
822
Murchison 
Operating Cashflow
318
Southern Goldfields
Operating Cashflow
Sustaining Capital
(34)
Stockpiles
25
Working Capital
(63)
Lease Payments
(217)
Growth Capital
(124)
PP&E
(2)
(42)
Exploration
(92)
Tax Payment
Closing
Operating Cash
364
240
779
667
939
(76)
Operating
Non-Sustaining Capex
& Exploration
Working Capital
+$575M
For personal use only
12
Inventory Growth
FY26 Reserves and Resources update
For personal use only
FY26 Group Reserves and Resources1
13
Ore Reserves
4.1Moz
41%1 YoY
57Mt at 2.22g/t Au  —  grade up 15% from 1.93g/t in FY25
Third consecutive year of Reserve growth after mining depletion
Circa 10-year Reserve life at installed processing capacity
Mineral Resources
14.4Moz
8%2 YoY
194Mt at 2.30g/t Au  —  grade up from 2.18g/t in FY25
Measured & Indicated lifted to 62.6% of inventory (FY25: 56.6%)
Resource growth underpinned by growth in core assets
Reserve addition cost
$27/oz
$42M   invested in exploration and resource development drilling in FY26
1.5Moz   of gross Ore Reserve additions delivered organically
26 rigs   active across the Murchison and Southern Goldfields
$50 - 75M3 planned in FY27 for exploration and resource definition investment
1. Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves as at 30 June 2026. Refer to “Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources” section in slide 3 for further information. Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves” dated 20 August 2026 for further 
information; 2. Post depletion and after adjusting for non-core asset divestments; 3. This reflects the current intentions of the Company and is subject to operational priorities, market conditions and Board approval. Accordingly, this planned investment may be subject to change.
For personal use only
Steady build in Ore Reserves since FY231
14
FY23
FY24
FY25
FY26
2.0
3.3
3.5
4.1
+28% p.a.
Group Ore Reserve (Moz)
Drilling success is compounding
Third consecutive year of Reserve growth 
after mining depletion, since increased 
drilling investment began in FY23
1.5Moz of gross Ore Reserve additions 
delivered organically in FY26 at $27/oz
Circa 10-year Reserve life at installed 
processing capacity
26 rigs active across the Murchison and 
Southern Goldfields
$50 - 75M2 planned in FY27 - to extend 
Resources and convert them into Reserves
1. Mineral Resource and Ore Reserves as at 30 June 2026. Refer to “Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources” section in slide 3 for further information. Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves” 
dated 20 August 2026 for further information; 2. This reflects the current intentions of Westgold and is subject to operational priorities, market conditions and Board approval. Accordingly, this planned investment may be subject to change.
For personal use only
Fletcher continues to grow1
15
1.1Moz Maiden Ore Reserve within two years of Beta Hunt acquisition
Fletcher Mineral Resource
3.0Moz
30% YoY
40.1Mt at 2.3g/t Au
Fletcher Indicated Resource
1.6Moz
Resource
Indicated
Reserve
426% YoY
18Mt at 2.7g/t Au
Fletcher Maiden Ore Reserve
1.1Moz
13.