FY27 Guidance & Three 
Year Outlook
Fully funded pathway to ~500kozpa production base
ASX | TSX : WGX
westgold.com.au
For personal use only
Important Notices and Disclaimer
Investor Presentation
This investor presentation is dated 9 September 2026 and has been prepared by Westgold Resources Limited (ASX: WGX, TSX:WGX) 
(Westgold) based on information available to it at the time of preparing this presentation. No representation or warranty, express or 
implied, is made as to the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information, opinions and conclusions contained in 
this presentation.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, none of Westgold, its directors, employees or agents, advisers, nor any other person, accepts 
any liability, including, without limitation, any liability arising from fault or negligence on the part of any of them or any other person, for 
any loss arising from the use of this presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with it.
Financial values are reported in A$ unless otherwise specified.
Not an Offer
This presentation is not an offer, invitation, solicitation or other recommendation with respect to the subscription for, purchase or sale 
of any security, and neither this presentation nor anything in it shall form the basis of any contract or commitment whatsoever.
This presentation has been prepared for publication in Australia and may not be released to US wire services or distributed in the 
United States. This presentation does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, securities in the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. Any securities described in this presentation have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions registered under the US Securities Act or exempt 
from, or not subject to, the registration of the US Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.
Summary Information
By reviewing or retaining these materials, or attending or participating in this presentation, you acknowledge and represent that you 
have read, understood and accepted the terms of this “Important Notices and Disclaimer”. This presentation contains summary 
information about Westgold and its activities current only at the date of this presentation. This presentation is for information purposes 
only. The information in the presentation is of a general nature only and does not purport to be complete. This presentation should be 
read in conjunction with Westgold’s periodic and continuous disclosure announcements lodged with the Australian Securities 
Exchange (ASX), which are available at www.asx.com.au and on Westgold's website at www.westgold.com.au, and in Canada under 
Westgold's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain information in this presentation may have been obtained from research, 
surveys or studies conducted by third parties, including industry or general publications. Neither Westgold nor its representatives have 
independently verified any such information sourced from third parties or industry or general publications.
Not Investment Advice
This presentation does not constitute in any way an offer or invitation to subscribe for securities in Westgold pursuant to the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). This presentation does not constitute investment advice and has been prepared by Westgold without 
taking into account the recipient’s investment objectives, financial circumstances or particular needs. Each recipient must make 
his/her own independent assessment and investigation of Westgold and its business and assets when deciding if an investment is 
appropriate and should not rely on any statement or the adequacy and accuracy of any information. 
This presentation is in summary form and does not purpose to be exhaustive. Westgold makes no representation or warranty (either 
expressed or implied) as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information in this presentation. Westgold and its respective 
directors, employees, agents and consultants shall have no liability (including liability to any person by reason of negligence or 
negligent misstatement) for any statements, opinions, information or matters (express or implied) arising out of, contained in or derived 
from, or for any omissions from the presentation, except liability under statute that cannot be excluded.
Forward-looking Statements
This document contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” which are based on the assumptions, 
estimates, analysis and opinions of management made in light of its experience and its perception of trends, current conditions and 
expected developments, as well as other factors that management of Westgold believes to be relevant and reasonable in the 
circumstances at the date that such statements are made, but which may prove to be incorrect. Forward-looking statements include 
statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as ‘expects’, 
‘anticipates’, ‘plans’, ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘seeks’, ‘intends’, ‘targets’, ‘projects’, ‘forecasts’, or negative versions thereof and other 
similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘should’, ‘would’ and ‘could’. Although management believes that 
the assumptions made by Westgold and the expectations represented by such information are reasonable, there can be no assurance 
that the forward-looking information will prove to be accurate. 
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements of Westgold to be materially different from any anticipated future results, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such factors include, among others, the actual market price of gold, the 
actual results of current exploration, the actual results of future exploration, changes in project parameters as plans continue to be 
evaluated, changes in laws, regulations and practices, the geopolitical, economic, permitting and legal climate that Westgold operates 
in, as well as those factors disclosed in Westgold's publicly filed documents. Westgold believes that the assumptions and expectations 
reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. 
Westgold does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except in accordance with applicable securities laws.
Historical Information
Information about the past performance of Westgold contained in this presentation is given for illustrative purposes only and cannot be 
relied upon as an indicator of (and provides no guidance as to) future performance, including future share price performance of 
Westgold. Any such historical information is not represented as being, and is not, indicative of Westgold’s view on its future financial 
condition and/or performance, nor the future financial condition and/or performance of the merged group.
Pro-forma financial information
Investors should be aware that this presentation contains pro-forma financial information and certain other  financial information and 
measures that are “non IFRS financial information” under Regulatory Guide 230:  ‘Disclosing non IFRS financial information’ published 
by ASIC and are not recognised under Australian  Accounting Standards (AAS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
The non IFRS financial information financial measures do not have a standardised meaning prescribed by the applicable AAS or  IFRS, 
and therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other entities, nor should they be construed as an 
alternative to other financial measures determined in accordance with the  applicable AAS or IFRS. Although Westgold believes the 
non-IFRS financial information and financial measures provide useful information to users in measuring the financial performance and 
condition of Westgold, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any non-IFRS financial information or financial measures 
included in this presentation. 
This presentation contains pro forma financial information of Westgold. The pro forma financial information provided in this 
presentation is for illustrative purposes only and is not represented as being indicative of Westgold’s (or anyone else's) views on 
Westgold’s future financial position and/or performance. 
2
For personal use only
3
Important Notices and Disclaimer
Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources
The information in this presentation that relates to the Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources of Westgold has been extracted 
from the ASX announcement titled “2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves" released to the ASX on 20 August 2026 
and available at www.asx.com.au. Westgold confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects 
the information included in that announcement, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the 
estimates in that announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Westgold confirms that the form and 
context in which the Competent Persons findings are presented have not been materially modified from that announcement.
The information in this presentation that relates to Westgold’s Exploration results and Mineral Resource Estimates is compiled 
by Westgold technical employees and contractors under the supervision of Mr. Jake Russell B.Sc. (Hons), who is a member of 
the Australian Institute of Geoscientists and who has verified, reviewed and approved such information. Mr Russell is a full-
time employee of Westgold and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposit 
under consideration and to the activities which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the Joint Ore 
Reserves Committee’s 2012 Australasian Code for Reporting of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code) and as a 
Qualified Person as defined in the CIM Guidelines and National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral 
Projects of the Canadian Securities Administrators (NI 43-101). Mr. Russell is a full-time employee as General Manager – 
Technical Services of Westgold and, accordingly, is not independent for purposes of NI 43-101. Mr Russell consents to and 
approves of  the inclusion in this presentation of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it 
appears. Mr Russell is eligible to participate in short and long-term incentive plans of Westgold.
The information in this presentation that relates to Westgold’s Ore Reserve is based on information compiled by Mr. Leigh 
Devlin B.Eng. FAusIMM and who has verified, reviewed and approved such information. Mr. Devlin has sufficient experience 
which is relevant to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposit under consideration and to the activities which they are 
undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the JORC Code and as a Qualified Person as defined in the CIM 
Guidelines and NI 43-101. Mr. Devlin is full-time senior executive of Westgold and, accordingly, is not independent for purposes 
of NI 43-101. Mr. Devlin consents to and approves of the inclusion in this presentation of the matters based on his information 
in the form and context in which it appears. Mr. Devlin is a full-time senior executive of Westgold and is eligible to and may 
participate in short-term and long-term incentive plans of Westgold as disclosed in its annual reports and disclosure 
documents.
Mineral Resources, Ore Reserve Estimates and Exploration Targets and Results are calculated in accordance with the JORC 
Code. Investors outside Australia should note that while Ore Reserve and Mineral Resource estimates of the Company in this 
announcement comply with the JORC Code (such JORC Code-compliant Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources being "Ore 
Reserves" and "Mineral Resources" respectively), they may not comply with the relevant guidelines in other countries. The JORC 
Code is an acceptable foreign code under NI 43-101. Information contained in this presentation describing mineral deposits 
may not be comparable to similar information made public by companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements 
of US securities laws, including Item 1300 of Regulation S-K. All technical and scientific information in this presentation has 
been prepared in accordance with the Canadian regulatory requirements set out in NI 43-101 and has been reviewed on behalf 
of the Company by Qualified Persons, as set forth above.
This presentation contains references to estimates of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. The estimation of Mineral 
Resources is inherently uncertain and involves subjective judgments about many relevant factors. Mineral Resources that are 
not Ore Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. The accuracy of any such estimates is a function of the quantity 
and quality of available data, and of the assumptions made and judgments used in engineering and geological interpretation, 
which may prove to be unreliable and depend, to a certain extent, upon the analysis of drilling results and statistical inferences 
that may ultimately prove to be inaccurate. Mineral Resource estimates may require re-estimation based on, among other 
things: (i) fluctuations in the price of gold; (ii) results of drilling; (iii) results of metallurgical testing, process and other studies; 
(iv) changes to proposed mine plans; (v) the evaluation of mine plans subsequent to the date of any estimates; and (vi) the 
possible failure to receive required permits, approvals and licenses.
Investment Risk 
As noted above, an investment in shares in Westgold is subject to investment and other known and unknown risks, some of 
which are beyond the control of Westgold. Westgold does not guarantee any particular rate of return or the performance of  
Westgold, nor does it guarantee the repayment of capital from Westgold or any particular tax treatment. Prospective investors 
should have regard to the risks outlined in this presentation when making their investment decision and should make their own 
enquires and investigations regarding all information in this presentation, including but not  limited to the assumptions, 
uncertainties and contingencies which may affect future operations of Westgold and the impact that different  future outcomes 
may have on Westgold. These risks, together with other general risks applicable to all investments in listed securities  not 
specifically referred to, may affect the value of shares in Westgold in the future. There is no guarantee that  the Westgold shares 
will make a return on the capital invested, that dividends will be paid on the Westgold shares or that there will be an increase in 
the value of the Westgold shares in the future. Accordingly, an investment in Westgold should be considered highly speculative 
and potential investors should consult their professional advisers before deciding whether to subscribe for Westgold shares.
Effect of Rounding
A number of figures, amounts, percentages, estimates and calculations of value in this presentation are subject to the effect of 
rounding. The actual calculation of these figures may differ from the figures set out in this presentation.
Disclaimer 
Neither Westgold nor any of its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees or agents, 
have authorised, permitted or caused the issue, submission, dispatch or provision of this presentation and, except to the 
extent referred to in this presentation, none of them makes or purports to make any statement in this presentation and there is 
no statement in this presentation which is based on any statement by any of them. To the maximum extent permitted by law, 
Westgold and its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees or agents exclude and 
disclaim all liability, for any expenses, losses, damages or costs incurred by you and the information in this presentation being 
inaccurate or incomplete in any way for any reason, whether by negligence or otherwise. To the maximum extent permitted by 
law, Westgold and its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, partners, employees or agents make no 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the currency, accuracy, reliability or completeness of information in this 
presentation and the statements made in this presentation are made only as at the date of this presentation (unless otherwise 
indicated). The information in this presentation remains subject to change without notice. 
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Westgold and its advisers, affiliates, related bodies corporate, directors, officers, 
partners, employees or agents each expressly disclaims any and all liability, including, without limitation, any liability arising 
out of fault or negligence for any loss arising from the use of or reliance on information contained in this presentation, including 
representations or warranties or in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information, statements, opinions, 
forecasts, reports or other matters, express or implied, contained in, arising out of or derived from, or for omissions from, this 
presentation including, without limitation, any financial information, any estimates or projections and any other financial 
information derived therefrom.
For personal use only
Westgold 3YO - delivers ≈500kozpa by FY29
4
THREE-YEAR
OUTLOOK
≈500kozpa
FY29 production base
>7Mtpa
FY29 processing capacity
Lower AISC
as throughput increase and grade is 
optimised
Fletcher is upside to,
not required for, the 3YO
387koz
$2,980/oz
$3,000/oz
$2,640/oz
$2,841/oz
$3,380/oz
$3,400/oz
$3,000/oz
FY26A
FY27 Guidance
FY28
FY29
+Fletcher
385-425koz
425-470koz
460-510koz
>600koz
~9% CAGR
Group Production
AISC Lower
AISC Upper
For personal use only
Building blocks in place
5
FY26 delivery has increased the confidence to accelerate organic growth
>$150M
Exploration + resource 
definition2
Across the Three-Year 
Outlook
Fully funded
Organic growth plan
Investment ahead of 
production
4.1Moz
Group Ore Reserve1
+41% during FY26, post asset 
sale adjustments
4
Operating hubs
5.8Mtpa installed capacity
From stabilising the portfolio to actively investing in growth
Record production, stronger reserves and improved mine-plan confidence provide the platform for the updated outlook.
1. Refer to the Company's ASX announcement titled "2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves" dated 20 August 2026 for further information; 2. This reflects the current intentions of the Company and is subject to operational priorities, market conditions and Board 
approval. Accordingly, this planned investment may be subject to change.  
For personal use only
3YO Underpinned by M&I Resources1
6
Supported by continued investment in conversion and extension
86%
81%
74%
8%
18%
7%
11%
8%
2%
5%
FY27
FY28
FY29
Proven & Probable Reserves
Measured & Indicated 
Resource
Inferred Resource
Third Party Ore
100%
100%
100%
Production Target Composition
PLAN UNDERPINNED BY
4.1Moz1
Group Ore Reserve
+41% in FY26, after asset 
sale adjustments
14.4Moz1
Mineral Resource 
inventory
conversion + extension focus
1.5Moz1
gross Ore Reserves 
added in FY26
$27/oz discovery cost
$50-$75M2
exploration + resource 
definition
per year across the 3YO
Targeted drilling, geological model enhancements 
and mine planning have improved the quality of the 
inventory underpinning the 3YO.
The production target is predominantly supported by Ore Reserves throughout the 3YO.
1. Refer to the Company's ASX announcement titled "2026 Mineral Resource Estimate and Ore Reserves" dated 20 August 2026 for further information; 2. This reflects the current intentions of the Company and is subject to operational priorities, market conditions and Board 
approval. Accordingly, this planned investment may be subject to change.  
For personal use only
Murchison Drives Growth Towards 500kozpa
7
More mining fronts + optimised feed grades + expanded processing capacity
Great Fingall + Big Bell Deeps
Higher-grade feed for the Cue hub
Bluebird-South Junction
1.2Mtpa mining rate targeted during FY27
Murchison Open Pit Program
Strategic ore inventories ahead of the mills
Polar Star
Scheduled to contribute from FY29
CUE HUB1
1.4Mtpa  →  1.7Mtpa
CXP assumed available late FY27
MEEKATHARRA HUB2
1.8Mtpa  →  2.9Mtpa
MXP targeted by mid FY28
THE OUTCOME
More ore
optionality
Optimises
Feed grades
Lowers unit
processing costs
CXP and MXP add approximately 1.4Mtpa of Murchison processing capacity, providing the most direct pathway 
to higher production and improved utilisation.
1. Refer to the Company's ASX announcement titled "Cue Hub Expansion to 1.7Mtpa in FY28" dated 5 August 2026; 2. Refer to the Company's ASX announcement titled "2.9Mtpa Meekatharra Expansion Plan" dated 25 August 2026. 
For personal use only
Processing capacity increases to >7Mtpa
8
Murchison first - Southern Goldfields to follow with Fletcher
1.6Mtpa
1.6Mtpa
1.6Mtpa
1.4Mtpa
1.7Mtpa
1.7Mtpa
1.8Mtpa
2.4Mtpa
2.9Mtpa
0.9Mtpa
0.9Mtpa
0.9Mtpa
0.1Mtpa
FY27
0.1Mtpa
FY28
0.1Mtpa
FY29
Fortnum Hub
Meekatharra Hub
Cue Hub
Tolling /
Higginsville debottlenecking
Higginsville Hub
5.8Mtpa
6.7Mtpa
7.2Mtpa
+24%
PRIORITISED 
EXPANSION
Process growing Murchison ore 
inventories
Increase utilisation of installed 
infrastructure
Reduce processing of lower-
grade stockpiles
Supports lower unit costs
Group Milling Capacity
For personal use only
Investing Ahead of Production1
9
FY27 is the peak investment year - capital declining as major projects progress
~$360M
~$315M
~$255M
~$105M
~$130M
~$145M
FY27
FY28
FY29
Murchison
Southern Goldfields
$450-480M
$430-460M
$390-410M
Group capex outlook by region
WHAT THE CAPITAL 
BUILDS
Processing capacity
at Cue and Meekatharra
Future mining fronts
Polar Star and Big Bell Deeps
Operating resilience
and scheduling flexibility
Mining inventory
ahead of production
1. This reflects the current intentions of the Company and is subject to operational priorities, market conditions and Board approval. Accordingly, this planned investment may be subject to change.  
For personal use only
Expansions Drives a Lower Cost Base
10
The investment improves ore quality, mill utilisation and operating flexibility
Greater scale. More gold. Lower unit costs.
Optimised feed 
grades
Less reliance on lower-grade stockpiles, 
increasing feed grades at key hubs
More established 
mining fronts
Bluebird-South Junction, Great Fingall, 
Polar Star and Big Bell Deeps
Greater mill  
capacity & 
utilisation
Expanded Cue and Meekatharra hubs
Operating flexibility
Strategic open-pit inventories and 
increased ore optionality and production 
consistency
AISC OUTLOOK
$2,980-$3,380/oz
FY27 GUIDANCE
$2,640-$3,000/oz
FY29 OUTLOOK
For personal use only
Exploration & Resource Def Drives Future Growth
11
Targeted investment to extend mine life and create new organic growth options
$50-75M1
FY27 investment
>$150M1
across the 3YO
14.4Moz2
Mineral Resource inventory
>600km
of drilling planned in FY27 
Priority outcomes:  CONVERT Resource to Reserve   |   EXTEND mine lives   |   CREATE options within and beyond the 3YO
1. This reflects the current intentions of the Company and is subject to operational priorities, market conditions and Board approval. Accordingly, this planned investment may be subject to change; 2. Refer to the Company's ASX announcement titled "2026 Mineral Resource 
Estimate and Ore Reserves" dated 20 August 2026 for further information.
For personal use only
Fletcher Zone @ Beta Hunt – key growth driver1
12
The organic pathway beyond 600kozpa
1.1Moz
Maiden Ore Reserve
3.0Moz
Updated Mineral Resource
≈140kozpa
Conceptual steady-state addition
>600kozpa
Potential Group production platform
Excluded from the three-year outlook
Production and development capital remain outside the base plan while 
drilling, haulage, processing and development studies advance.
1. Refer to the Company's ASX announcement titled "1.1Moz Maiden Fletcher Ore Reserve" dated 18 August 2026.
For personal use only
Defining the Preferred Fletcher Development Pathway
13
Progressing resource scale, haulage and processing options
1
DEFINE
Fletcher scale and continuity
Mason continuation
Future mine-plan inventory
2
EVALUATE
Mine-to-surface haulage
Higginsville processing option
Spargos processing option
3
SELECT
Preferred development configuration
Processing option
Capital and delivery sequence
For personal use only
Upside Not Included in the Outlook
14
The 3YO is an executable baseline and excludes material growth opportunities
FLETCHER
No production or development 
capital included
≈140kozpa conceptual steady-state opportunity
Southern Goldfields
POLAR STAR
No acceleration ahead of the 
current schedule
Current schedule assumes ≈500ktpa from FY29
Murchison
OPEN PITS
Only part of the broader inventory 
is assumed
Big Bell South + Paddy's Flat North under evaluation
Murchison
FORTNUM EXPANSION
No processing expansion included
Potential to bring forward open-pit inventory
Murchison
BIG BELL DEEPS
No acceleration ahead of FY28 
included
Earlier higher-grade contribution remains possible
Murchison
OTHER UPSIDE
No coarse gold, Two Boys, Fender 
or new discovery upside
No additional Resource conversion or new business-
development upside
Portfolio
None of these opportunities are required to achieve the current Outlook.
For personal use only
Building a Sustainably More Valuable Westgold
Organic growth from assets, infrastructure and opportunities within the portfolio
15
Towards 500kozpa
by FY29
>7Mtpa
processing capacity
Lower AISC
and declining capital profile
Beyond 600kozpa
organic Fletcher pathway
A fully funded plan to build scale, improve operating margins, FCF and realise 
material organic upside.
For personal use only
www.westgold.com.au
16
Investor Relations 
Kasun Liyanaarachchi
Group Manager Investor Relations & Communications
Kasun.Liyanaarachchi@westgold.com.au   
+61 458 564 483
Media
Annette Ellis
Manager Corporate Affairs
Annette.Ellis@westgold.com.au   
+61 458 200 039
ASX:WGX – The next milestone is 500koz by FY29
For personal use only
Mineral Resource Statement: Operating Mines
Murchison Gold Operations (Rounded for reporting)
Measured
Indicated
Measured and Indicated
Inferred
Total
Project
Tonnes 
('000s)
Grade
Ounces 
Au ('000s)
Tonnes 
('000s)
Grade
Ounces 
Au ('000s)
Tonnes 
('000s)
Grade
Ounces 
Au ('000s)
Tonnes 
('000s)
Grade
Ounces 
Au ('000s)
Tonnes 
('000s)
Grade
Ounces 
Au ('000s)
Big Bell UG
7,504
2.17
523
8,684
3.10
865
16,188
2.67
1,388
9,001
2.94
851
25,189
2.76
2,239
Fender UG
100
2.78
9
139
2.57
11
239
2.66
20
112
2.79
10
352
2.70
31
Great Fingall UG
63
3.59
7
2,301
4.14
306
2,363
4.13
313
1,113
2.78
99
3,476
3.69
413
Golden Crown UG
0
0.00
0
471
5.87
89
471
5.87
89
2,100
3.08
208
2,571
3.59
297
Bluebird Group UG
1,292
3.11
129
8,203
2.93
773
9,495
2.95
902
6,489
2.53
528
15,984
2.78
1,430
Starlight UG
4,991
3.01
483
2,636
2.26
192
7,628
2.75
675
4,353
2.08
291
11,981
2.51
966
Total
13,950
2.57
1,151
22,434
3.10
2,236
36,384
2.90
3,388
23,168
2.67
1,987
59,552
2.81
5,375
At 30 June 2026[1]
1. See Westgold ASX Announcement dated 20 August 2026– Resources and Reserve Statement available at www.asx.com.au. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information 
included in that announcement and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates in that announcement