Perpetual Limited 
ABN 86 000 431 827 
1 
 
 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
17 July 2026 
Angel Place, 
Level 14, 123 Pitt Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Phone +61 9229 9000 
www.perpetual.com.au 
 
Perpetual rejects revised non-binding indicative proposal from EQT AB 
Perpetual Limited (ASX:PPT) (“Perpetual” or “Company”) refers to its announcement of           
15 July 2026 in which it advised that it had received a revised non-binding, conditional and 
indicative proposal from Windflower Pte. Limited, an entity that Perpetual understands is 
indirectly controlled by EQT AB, to acquire 100% of the shares in Perpetual by way of a 
scheme of arrangement (“Revised Indicativ e Proposal”) at a price of A$22.07 per Perpetual 
share. 
The Revised Indicative Proposal represented a 2% increase on EQT AB’s original non-binding 
and indicative proposal of A$21.64 , that was the subject of Perpetual’s announcement on          
1 July 2026. 
As noted in Perpetual’s 15 July 2026 announcement, the Revised Indicative Proposal provided 
that it would be automatically withdrawn if it was disclosed. Notwithstanding the inclusion of 
that provision in the Revised Indicative Proposal, the Perpetual Board consider ed it 
appropriate to still formally advise Perpetual shareholders of its view on the Revised Indicative 
Proposal. 
Having carefully considered the terms of the Revised Indicative Proposal and obtained advice 
from its financial and legal advisers  in relation to it, the Perpetual Board consider s that the 
Revised Indicative Proposal does not adequately represent fair value for Perpetual 
shareholders in the context of a change of control transaction and that it is not in the best 
interests of Perpetual shareholders. The Board therefore reject s the Revised Indicative 
Proposal.  
Perpetual shareholders do not need to take any action in response to the Revised Indicative 
Proposal. The Company will keep shareholders updated in accordance with its continuous 
disclosure obligations.  
-ENDS- 
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Chair of Perpetual Limited.
For personal use only
2 
 
 
 
 
 
Contacts: 
 
Investors: Media: 
Kusum Khatiwada Jon Snowball 
Investor Relations Analyst Sodali & Co 
Perpetual Limited +61 477 946 068 
Tel: +61 2 9229 3153 
kusum.khatiwada@perpetual.com.au
jon.snowball@sodali.com 
 
About Perpetual Group 
Perpetual Limited (Perpetual Group) is an ASX listed (ASX:PPT) global financial services firm operating a multi -
boutique asset management business, and wealth management and trustee services businesses. 
Perpetual Group owns leading asset management  boutiques including Perpetual, Pendal, Barrow Hanley, J O  
Hambro, Trillium and TSW, as well as the Regnan brand. 
Perpetual Group’s wealth management business services high-net worth clients, not for profits, and private 
businesses through brands such as Perpetual Private, Fordham and Jacaranda Financial Planning. 
Perpetual Group’s corporate trust business provides services to managed funds, the debt market and includes a 
growing digital and markets business. 
Headquartered in Sydney, Perpetual services its global client base from offices across Australia as well as 
internationally from Asia, Europe, the United Kingdom and United States.
 
For personal use only