Perpetual Limited 
ABN 86 000 431 827 
1 
 
 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
15 July 2026 
Angel Place, 
Level 14, 123 Pitt Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Phone +61 9229 9000 
www.perpetual.com.au 
 
 
Perpetual receives revised non-binding indicative proposal from EQT 
AB 
 
Perpetual Limited (ASX:PPT) (“Perpetual” or “Company”)  advises that it has this evening 
received a revised  non-binding, conditional and indicative proposal from Windflower Pte. 
Limited, an entity that Perpetual understands is indirectly controlled by EQT AB, to acquire 
100% of the shares in Perpetual by way of a scheme of arrangement  (“Revised Indicative 
Proposal”) at a price of A$22.07 per Perpetual share.  
 
The Revised Indicative Proposal represents a 2% increase on EQT AB’s original non-binding 
and indicative proposal of A$21.64 that was the subject of Perpetual’s announcement on 1 
July 2026. 
 
The Revised Indicative Proposal is subject to numerous conditions, including completion of 
the sale of Perpetual’s Wealth Management business to Bain Capital, satisfactory completion 
of due diligence, negotiation and execution of binding transaction documentation, regulatory 
approvals and other customary conditions.  Perpetual also notes that EQT AB has stated in 
the Revised Indicative Proposal, that the Revised Indicative Proposal itself will be regarded as 
being automatically withdrawn if it is disclosed. Notwithstanding the inclusion of this statement, 
Perpetual considers it appropriate to inform Perpetual shareholders of its receipt. 
 
The Perpetual Board is considering the Revised Indicative Proposal with the assistance of its 
financial and legal advisers.  
 
There is no certainty that the proposal will result in a binding offer or that any transaction will 
eventuate. Perpetual shareholders do not need to take any action at this time. 
 
The Perpetual Board remains confident in Perpetual executing its strategy, including its 
simplification program, the value of its diversified earnings profile (provided by the Corporate 
Trust and Asset Management businesses) and the execution of the sale of Wealth 
Management. 
Perpetual will continue to keep the market informed in accordance with its continuous 
disclosure obligations. 
 
-ENDS- 
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Chairman of Perpetual Limited.
For personal use only
2 
 
 
 
 
 
Contacts: 
 
Investors: Media: 
Susie Reinhardt Jon Snowball 
Head of Investor Relations Sodali & Co 
Perpetual Limited +61 477 946 068 
Tel: +61 2 9125 7047 
susie.reinhardt@perpetual.com.au 
jon.snowball@sodali.com 
 
About Perpetual Group 
Perpetual Limited (Perpetual Group) is an ASX listed (ASX:PPT) global financial services firm operating a multi-
boutique asset management business, and wealth management and trustee services businesses. 
Perpetual Group owns leading asset management boutiques including Perpetual, Pendal, Barrow Hanley, J O 
Hambro, Trillium and TSW, as well as the Regnan brand. 
Perpetual Group’s wealth management business services high-net worth clients, not for profits, and private 
businesses through brands such as Perpetual Private, Fordham and Jacaranda Financial Planning. 
Perpetual Group’s corporate trust business provides services to managed funds, the debt market and includes a 
growing digital and markets business. 
Headquartered in Sydney, Perpetual services its global client base from offices across Australia as well as 
internationally from Asia, Europe, the United Kingdom and United States.
 
For personal use only