Page 1 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 September 2025 
 
ASX Limited 
ASX Market Announcements Office 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
 
 
Perpetual Limited – Sustainability Report and Sustainability Strategy 
 
 
The following announcements to the market are provided: 
 
 Sustainability Report 2025 
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
Sylvie Dimarco 
Company Secretary 
(Authorising Officer) 
 
Perpetual Limited  ABN 86 000 431 827 Angel Place,  Level 14, 123 Pitt Street Sydney NSW 2000  Australia Phone +61 9229 9000 www.perpetual.com.au  
Sustainability Report 
2025
Annual Report 
2025
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 26  |  <Insert document name> 
 
Public / Internal use only / Confidential / Highly confidential / Strictly confidential  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
2025 Corporate 
Governance 
Statement 
Perpetual Limited 
Sustainability Report 
2025
Our reporting suite
This report forms part of Perpetual 
Group’s annual reporting suite, which 
also includes our Annual Report and 
Corporate Governance Statement.
More information about our  
FY25 financial and operational  
performance can be found online:  
perpetual.com.au/shareholders/
reports-and-presentations/
Welcome to our FY25 Sustainability Report, 
which outlines the sustainability performance of 
Perpetual Group, including Perpetual Limited and 
its subsidiaries (“Perpetual” or “Perpetual Group”) 
for the financial year 2025 (FY25). 
Acknowledgement of Country
Perpetual acknowledges Aboriginal and 
Torres Strait Islander peoples of this nation. 
We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of the 
lands on which our Company is located and where we 
conduct our business. We pay our respects to ancestors 
and Elders, past and present. Perpetual is committed to 
honouring Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples’ 
unique cultural and spiritual relationships to the land, 
waters and seas and their rich contribution to society.
Annual  
Report
Corporate 
Governance 
Statement
Sustainability 
Report
Contents
Introduction 3
About Perpetual Group 3
A message from our Chief Executive 
Officer and our Chief Risk Officer 4
Our plan 6
Governance 8
Planet 15
People 24
Communities 30
Key performance indicators 36
2
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIs
Asset Management
Our Asset Management business is a global investment 
management business that operates via six investment 
boutiques based in Australia, the UK and US. Through 
these boutiques, we offer an extensive range of specialist 
investment capabilities spanning equities, credit 
and fixed income, multi-asset, cash and sustainable 
investment solutions.
About Perpetual Group
Our business
For more information on our business divisions see our Annual Report at  
perpetual.com.au/shareholders/reports-and-presentations/
Wealth Management
Our Wealth Management business comprises three 
distinct brands in addition to Perpetual Private – Fordham, 
Jacaranda Financial Planning and Priority Life – offering 
a unique mix of wealth management, advice and trustee 
services. The diverse range of capabilities includes 
strategic advice on superannuation and retirement 
planning, general investment, asset protection, insurance, 
tax management, estate planning, aged care, social 
security, succession planning and philanthropy. 
Our clients include individuals, families, businesses,  
not-for-profit organisations and First Nations communities 
throughout Australia.
Perpetual Group has been serving Australians since 1886. Today, we are an ASX‑listed company 
(ASX:PPT) headquartered in Sydney, Australia, providing asset management, wealth management 
and trustee services to local and international clients. Our clients include Australian and international 
institutions, not‑for‑profit organisations, private businesses, financial advisers, individuals and families.
Corporate Trust
Our Corporate Trust business is a leading provider of 
fiduciary and digital solutions to the banking and financial 
services industry in Australia and Singapore. It administers 
securitisation portfolios, investment and debt structures 
to protect the interests of our clients' investors. Corporate 
Trust supports clients locally and overseas with a unique 
offering through three reporting segments: Debt Market 
Services, Managed Funds Services and Digital and Markets.
 Learn more Learn more  Learn more
3
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesGovernance KPIsIntroduction
A message from our Chief Executive Officer 
and our Chief Risk Officer
Since our establishment as a trustee 
company nearly 140 years ago, Perpetual 
has maintained a commitment to 
acting in the best interests of our 
clients and the communities we 
support to ensure a positive impact 
and help build a sustainable future. 
Built upon our core values of excellence, 
integrity and partnership, our purpose 
is to create enduring prosperity 
and we have continually evolved to 
meet the challenges of economic, 
technological and social change. 
In September 2022, Perpetual introduced its 
Prosperity Plan – our comprehensive sustainability 
strategy. This report marks our final performance 
update as we transition to a new strategy in the coming 
year. The strategy’s four pillars included 35 commitments 
of which 23 are currently on track or have been 
successfully achieved.
While there is still work to be done, the results achieved 
to date coincide with a period of significant change and 
uncertainty across our business. Despite this, we have 
demonstrated resilience and adaptability, enabling us to 
deliver 65% of our commitments and make meaningful 
progress on several key initiatives; with greater clarity 
on the renewed pathway ahead. 
We delivered 65% of our commitments 
and made meaningful progress 
on several key initiatives.
Planet: Measuring our impact on the environment
We are committed to reducing our operational 
environmental footprint. We have procured renewable 
energy for each of our global offices and continued 
reporting on our operational GHG emissions and our 
financed emissions.
Perpetual Group has a climate roadmap in place to 
prepare for the Australian mandatory climate disclosures – 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) and 
we have a cross-functional working group to coordinate 
our efforts across the Group. We have commenced work 
on climate scenario analysis, scoping for relevant limited 
assurance and engagement with appropriate business 
stakeholders for integration into processes and financial 
disclosures to ensure we are ready for ASRS reporting 
in FY26.
People: Championing inclusion and high performance
While Perpetual remains committed to building better 
gender diversity in our business, we did not meet our 
targets for women in leadership (40%) and women in asset 
management (25%). Our progress in these areas has been 
significantly affected by the transition to a new operating 
model. As leaders, this moment calls for reflection – we 
acknowledge that improvement is necessary, and we 
recognise that there is still considerable work ahead.
We remain firmly committed to advancing gender equity. 
With the rollout of our new operating model, we are 
introducing a refreshed Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
(DEI) strategy for FY26–28 in Australia. Our gender 
representation goals will continue to be a central focus 
moving forward.
4
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesGovernance KPIsIntroduction
Allan Lo Proto
Chief Risk Officer
Bernard Reilly
Chief Executive Officer  
and Managing Director
Governance: Committed to the highest standards
We measure our clients’ willingness to recommend 
Perpetual to friends, colleagues, and peers through our 
Net Promoter Score (NPS). In FY25, Perpetual Group 
achieved a score of +53, marking our third consecutive 
year above +50. This strong result reflects our ongoing 
commitment to building trusted relationships and is a 
testament to the consistent value we deliver to our clients.
In FY25, we made progress to strengthen environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) skills and capabilities 
across our organisation by implementing climate 
scenario analysis and updating ESG assessment tools 
for our investment teams, and by expanding our team 
of sustainability professionals. These initiatives have 
helped embed ESG considerations more deeply into our 
business operations and decision-making processes.
Communities: Support strong communities
Perpetual Group continues to support reconciliation 
efforts. In FY25, we hosted National Reconciliation Week 
and NAIDOC Week events, including cultural tours and 
talks by Indigenous leaders. We also continued working 
with Supply Nation-certified suppliers and participated 
in Reconciliation Australia’s Stretch sessions.
Through our support for capacity building and thought 
leadership in the Australian philanthropy and not-for-profit 
(NFP) sectors, the Perpetual Foundation and Centenary 
Foundation Trustees Endowments established with 
our own corporate funds, distributed $653,700 in FY25 
to strengthen the capabilities of NFP organisations.
Looking to the future
As we prepare for FY26 and shape the future 
of Perpetual Group, upholding a responsible and 
sustainable approach remains an essential element 
of our long-term success.
We will be undertaking a new assessment to understand 
the sustainability-related issues that are most relevant 
for our stakeholders and for our new operating structure. 
This will inform the development of a new sustainability 
strategy for Perpetual Group.
We look forward to sharing this with you in FY26, as we 
continue to create enduring prosperity for our clients, 
our people and our communities – an ambition deeply 
embedded in our sustainability approach.
A message from our Chief Executive Officer  
and our Chief Risk Officer
Termination of Scheme of Arrangement with KKR 
and the sale of the Wealth Management business
In the first half of FY25, Perpetual progressed 
the internal separation of its three businesses in 
preparation for a Scheme of Arrangement with 
an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. 
(together with its affiliates, “KKR”) whereby KKR 
would acquire Perpetual’s Wealth Management 
and Corporate Trust businesses (the “Scheme”).
In February 2025, Perpetual announced the 
termination of the Scheme Implementation 
Deed with KKR after the Board withdrew its 
recommendation following an Independent 
Expert concluding the Scheme was not in the best 
interests of shareholders. This followed feedback 
from the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) that 
the tax implications for shareholders would be 
greater than anticipated at the time of entering the 
Scheme Implementation Deed.
Following the termination of the Scheme 
Implementation Deed, the Board decided that 
in order to continue to invest in our businesses, 
we would also explore the sale of the Wealth 
Management business, with the potential to use 
funds to both reduce debt and invest further 
in our Corporate Trust and Asset Management 
businesses. At the time of writing, we continue 
to progress the proposed sale of the Wealth 
Management business.
5
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesGovernance KPIsIntroduction
Pillars and priority themes
Governance Planet People Communities
Good governance
 See pages 10–12  
Behaviours and conduct
 See pages 10–12  
Risk management
 See page 12
Ethical business
 See pages 12–13  
Client care
 See page 13
Data privacy
 See page 12
Transparency and  
anti-corruption
 See page 12
Sustainable products 
and services
 See page 14
Sustainable products 
and capabilities
 See page 14
Integrating ESG 
considerations
 See page 14
Decarbonisation
 See pages 17–23  
Investment exposure 
to carbon-related risks
 See pages 21–23
Disclosure of climate risks
 See pages 19–20
Operational 
environmental footprint
 See pages 22–23  
Local environmental 
impacts
 See page 16–17  
Waste
 See page 16 
Paper usage
 See page 17
Sustainable buildings
 See page 16 
Diversity and inclusion
 See pages 26–28
Inclusive hiring 
and promotion
 See page 26
Inclusive culture and sense 
of belonging
 See pages 27–28 
Talent, development 
and wellbeing
 See pages 28–29  
Talent attraction, retention  
and development
 See page 29 
Employee wellbeing
 See page 29 
Social and 
community impacts
 See pages 33–35  
Volunteering and 
community giving
 See page 34
Philanthropy services
 See pages 33–34  
Socially sustainable 
procurement
 See page 34 
Human rights
 See page 35 
First Nations advocacy 
and support
 See pages 31–32  
First Nations 
trustee services
 See page 32 
Reconciliation
 See page 32
Perpetual Group's Prosperity Plan
In September 2022, we launched our sustainability 
strategy, Perpetual’s Prosperity Plan. Our FY25 
Sustainability Report provides a final update on 
performance in FY25 across the four pillars within 
our Prosperity Plan.
Focusing on material issues
Our material issues guide the topics and structure 
of our FY25 sustainability reporting. In 2022, 
we conducted a materiality assessment to identify 
the sustainability issues most critical to our business 
and stakeholders. The priority themes from this 
assessment are illustrated in the graphic on the right.
FY25 marks the final year we are reporting against 
our 2022 material issues. This milestone reflects our 
commitment to addressing these key areas and sets 
the stage for future sustainability initiatives.
In FY26, we will be undertaking a new assessment to 
understand the sustainability-related issues that are 
most relevant for our stakeholders and new operating 
structure. This will inform the development of a new 
sustainability strategy for Perpetual Group.
6
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Planet People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsOur plan
 9
 0
 0
 2
 5
 3
 1
 0
 7 1
 3
 3
 2
A high-level overview of our progress toward our 
sustainability strategy commitments – as aligned with 
the four pillars of our Prosperity Plan – is provided 
below and in the graphic at right. 
Out of our 35 commitments, 23 are either on track 
or have been achieved. While business change and 
uncertainty impacted some targets, this period 
also highlighted our adaptability and resilience. 
Despite the challenges, we continued to advance key 
commitments, including all of our governance, as 
outlined in this report.
In the coming year, efforts will remain dedicated to 
meeting our regulatory requirements and preparing 
for new legislative obligations, including the 
Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS). 
We also plan to refresh and simplify our sustainability 
strategy in FY26 to better align with our new 
operating model.
Progress on our Prosperity Plan
Progress across the four pillars of our sustainability strategy: Perpetual's Prosperity Plan
Governance Planet People Communities
Committed to the 
highest standards 
Draw on our trusted 
brand and deep history, 
to work to uphold best 
practices, accountability 
and integrity in all we do.
Managing our impact 
on the environment 
Consider the risks and 
opportunities relating 
to climate change on 
behalf of our clients and 
reduce the environmental 
footprint of our 
own operations.
Champion inclusion 
and high performance 
Strive to create a 
harmonious, diverse 
and inclusive workplace 
culture that enhances 
wellbeing and supports 
each of our people to 
bring their best.
Support strong 
communities 
Leverage our services, 
time and philanthropy 
to support not-for-profit 
organisations, give 
back to communities, 
and help advance 
First Nations prosperity.
Progress Progress Progress Progress
23 of our 35 commitments are either 
on track or have been achieved
Not on trackOn trackAchieved
1. Our People related targets have been significantly impacted by 
the prolonged period of business change and uncertainty. This has 
had an impact on both the sentiment of our employees and also 
our ability to positively impact on key diversity targets as we have 
internally restructured the business under a new operating model. 
7
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Planet People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsOur plan
Governance
Committed to the highest standards
We collaborate with our clients to 
enhance their financial wellbeing, 
fostering long‑term relationships 
across generations. We prioritise 
delivering exceptional products 
and outstanding service.
Perpetual Group is built on a solid 
foundation of excellence, integrity, 
accountability and transparency. 
We are dedicated to improving 
governance standards within 
our industry.
8
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
Performance against our commitments
Commitment Status FY25 progress More info
Increase ESG skills and capabilities across our business
Further embedded ESG capabilities into businesses – examples include the integration of climate scenario analysis and 
projections into the JO Hambro fund review process; Barrow Hanley research analysts undertook a series of Principles 
for Responsible Investment courses; there were new Sustainability hires in PCT and PWM; and Regnan implemented 
an ESG assessment process in partnership with Pendal Equities. 
Uphold our values and always act with integrity Perpetual Group employees are assessed annually on the extent to which they demonstrate key risk and enterprise 
behaviours. Analysis of those assessments is then discussed with relevant leadership teams, the CEO and the Board.    page 12
Maintain strong client advocacy with +40 
Net Promoter Score +53 in FY25, for the third consecutive year our NPS has exceeded +50.    page 13
Maintain compliance and promote strong governance 
standards in our business, with our clients, investment 
holdings and other stakeholders
The Perpetual Board of Directors (Board) considers that its practices comply with the ASX’s Corporate 
Governance Principles and Recommendations (4th Edition).    page 12
Integrate considerations within client and 
supplier due diligence to ensure alignment with 
sustainability strategy
All new clients are subject to thorough due diligence checks as part of our Anti ‑Money Laundering and 
Counter‑Terrorism Financing program. Corporate Trust provides training and resources to clients relating to 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) guidance on ensuring products are true ‑to‑label 
when offering sustainability ‑related products. 
   page 12
Contribute to public policy, thought leadership and 
multi‑stakeholder collaborations around priority 
sustainability sub ‑topics
Member of Responsible Investments Association of Australasia (RIAA), signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment 
(PRI) and participation in key working groups. 
Our businesses and boutiques participate in thought leadership and collaboration across ESG topics including governance, 
nature and economic systems, collective bargaining, financial literacy and philanthropy 1.
   page 14
Continue to incorporate consideration of ESG factors 
into investment analysis, decision making and 
engagement practices
Consideration of ESG issues is incorporated into investment approaches based on each of our businesses’ investment 
processes for the majority of our AUM 2.    page 14
Ensure robust governance and transparent disclosure 
of sustainability strategy Provided six‑monthly sustainability strategy and climate updates to the Board of Directors and Executive Committee.    page 10
Include sustainability priorities in 
Executive remuneration Qualitative overlay on sustainability applied to setting bonuses as part of FY25 Group Scorecard.    page 11
1. Examples include: Regnan’s research paper Masters of Control: The perils and promises of controlling shareholding in corporate governance , Trillium’s joint publication Guiding Principles of Collective Bargaining – 
an Investor Perspective , JO Hambro partnership with University of Exeter (focus on nature and economic systems), PWM sponsorship of She Gives campaign – growing the power of women’s giving and TSW partnership 
with DIME’s financial literacy program.
2. With the exception of some asset classes such as derivatives, cash, currency and commodities.
On track Not on track Achieved
9
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
Ensuring robust governance of our sustainability strategy
Sustainability governance structure
Governance group Role
Perpetual Limited Board The Board is accountable for sustainability and oversees the sustainability strategy and 
monitors performance on implementation.
Audit Risk and Compliance 
Committee (ARCC)
The ARCC oversees Perpetual Group's risk and compliance management, 
including key sustainability-related risks outlined in our Risk Appetite Statement.
Executive Committee (ExCo) The ExCo provides leadership to support delivery of the strategy, makes decisions 
on key issues and oversees performance. 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) The CRO is the ExCo representative who is responsible for sustainability.
Head of Enterprise 
Risk, Compliance and 
Sustainability (HERCS)
The HERCS oversees the Sustainability team and the development and implementation 
of the sustainability strategy.
Group Sustainability team The Sustainability team are responsible for the day-to-day management, monitoring 
and reporting of the sustainability strategy and supporting the businesses to deliver 
our commitments. 
ESG Investment Specialists We have ESG Investment Specialists, which act as subject matter experts and manage 
the implementation of ESG and Responsible Investment policies and throughout our 
boutiques. Regnan supports the JO Hambro, Pendal and Perpetual Asset Management 
investment teams with speciality ESG on thematic and security level research, resilient 
systems stewardship, advocacy, and activity screening.
Our governance approach ensures 
sustainability is integrated and 
supported throughout all levels 
of our organisation.
10
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
Ensuring robust governance of our sustainability strategy
Working groups1 also play  
a role in integrating specific 
sustainability‑related topics into 
our daily operations and processes.
Working group2 Role
Climate Disclosure 
Working Group
The cross-functional 
team set up to prepare 
for mandatory climate 
reporting.
Reconciliation Action Plan 
(RAP) Working Group
The working group 
supports our reconciliation 
agenda and the delivery of 
Perpetual’s RAP. 
Modern Slavery 
Working Group
The working group ensures 
ongoing compliance with 
the Australian Modern 
Slavery Act and UK Modern 
Slavery Act.
Pride Network The Pride Network consists 
of LGBTQ+ colleagues, 
allies and community. 
Integrating sustainability into executive compensation
Executive bonuses are influenced by a sustainability 
overlay, which is determined through an annual 
assessment of progress on the 35 commitments in the 
Prosperity Plan. Following our assessment of progress for 
FY25 and recognising the impact of the extended period 
of business change and uncertainty, it was determined 
that no modifications to bonus funding levels were 
required at either the Perpetual Group or divisional levels. 
Therefore, the funding levels remain unchanged for this 
fiscal year.
More information can be found in the 
Remuneration Report in our FY25 Annual Report:  
Reports and Presentations
1. In addition to Perpetual working groups, the businesses and boutiques have their own working groups which support the sustainability strategy. Examples include Pendal Responsible Investment Working Group and 
Pendal Multi‑asset Active Ownership Panel. 
2. Due to the Strategic Review undertaken by the business, in FY25 activities relating to Perpetual's Group Diversity and Inclusion Council were paused and are currently under review. Perpetual has maintained division ‑level 
diversity group activities in the interim.
11
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
Maintaining governance standards in our business
The Board is dedicated to maintaining corporate 
governance standards by implementing effective systems, 
procedures and practices and considers that its practices 
comply with the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s 
Principles and Recommendations (4th Edition).
Perpetual Group uses various policies, such as the 
Code of Conduct, Diversity and Inclusion Policy, 
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Personal Trading in 
Perpetual Securities Policy, and Whistleblowing Policy, 
to communicate principles, guide decision making and set 
standards for employee behaviour.
Find these policies and more on our ASX compliance 
at: Corporate governance and policies
Fostering a risk aware and responsive culture
Perpetual Group manages key risks through robust 
corporate governance and a comprehensive Risk 
Management Framework (RMF), reviewed annually 
by the Board. The RMF includes a category for 
"Sustainability and Responsible Investing".
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) defines acceptable 
risk levels and includes key risk indicators aligned with the 
sustainability strategy, monitored quarterly by our ExCo 
and ARCC. Details on business risks and mitigants are 
outlined on pages 72-74 of our FY25 Annual Report.
Throughout the year, we conducted mandatory training 
on anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing, 
sanctions, information security and generative AI. New 
clients undergo thorough due diligence checks as part 
of our Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism 
Financing Program (AML/CTF Program), which includes 
essential customer identification procedures to verify their 
identity and existence. During FY25 we further matured 
our financial crime controls as part of a focused AML 
uplift program, while implementing the AML/CTF reform 
regulatory changes.
Protecting cyber security and client data
We prioritise client privacy and data security through 
robust governance, frameworks and monitoring. 
Key measures include:
 – Technology and Cyber Security Committee oversight 
(a Board level committee);
 – Data Management Framework;
 – Internal security control reporting;
 – Enhanced third-party cyber security monitoring;
 – Improved incident detection and forensics;
 – Employee training on cyber risks and data privacy;
 – Data breach and cyber-incident response plans; and
 – Crisis management response simulation.
More details are available in our Online Security Portal 
and Privacy Policy.
Throughout the year, we conducted 
mandatory training on anti‑money 
laundering, counter‑terrorism financing, 
sanctions, information security, 
and generative AI. 
12
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
+53
+41
+67
+48
+54
+53
+32
+67
+56
+62
FY24FY25 FY23 FY22
Perpetual NPS
Wealth Management Corporate Trust
Asset Management Australia1 Asset Management Americas
+57
+51
+65
+65
+46
+49
+46
+42
N/A
+61
Striving for excellence in client experience
We aim to provide a high standard of service to our clients 
and gauge their satisfaction using the Net Promoter 
Score (NPS). NPS is a measure of advocacy, or the extent 
to which our clients are willing to recommend us to 
friends, colleagues and peers. This year we conducted over 
2,850 interviews with clients across 30 market segments. 
PCT Round Tables, Perpetual Asia Limited and the Barrow 
Hanley Equities Team shared the highest NPS score of +80.
We achieved a Group result of +53 in FY25, the equal 
second-highest score we have ever recorded. This result, 
which marks the third successive year of a score above 
+50, highlights once again the high quality, enduring 
relationships we have with clients across the Group. 
Additionally, we have sustained strong adviser client file 
review outcomes in PWM with independent quarterly 
review results consistently assessed at, or above, 98%. 
Putting our clients first
Effectively managing complaints shows our dedication 
to addressing concerns and enhancing client 
relationships. Our team ensures fair, timely complaint 
resolutions for our Australian businesses and analyses 
complaints across the Group.
During FY25, we received 2,239 complaints, compared to 
3,723 complaints received in FY24 across the Group. For 
complaints that required an investigation3, the median 
length of time to close a complaint was 15 days. 
During the reporting period Perpetual transitioned to 
a new registry service provider for complaints relating 
to superannuation, pension and unit trust products. 
Learn more about our client advocacy approach at:  
Service commitment
Maintaining governance standards in our business
3rd
consecutive year with 
a score above 50+
+53
equal second-highest 
NPS score ever recorded
1. The 2025 Asset Management Australia score does not include Key Accounts (due to insufficient sample size) which has been included in prior years.
2. Complaints are considered as requiring an investigation if the complaint has been open for more than five business days where a written response is required to be sent to the complainant.
Chart 1 – Net Promoter Score (NPS)
13
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
Offering sustainability-orientated products
Our Asset Management and Wealth Management 
businesses offer sustainability-oriented funds, including 
norms-based and ESG screens, as well as sustainable 
thematic and impact-focused options. These products 
cater to clients who prefer investments aligned with 
their sustainability preferences or who seek to use 
ESG information to enhance investment performance.
As of 30 June 2025, $16.1 billion of our AUM compared 
to $16.9 billion in FY24, were in funds with an ESG, 
sustainability or impact label in their product name, or 
where sustainability is mentioned in the investment 
objective of the fund or is a stated client intent in the 
schedule of an Investment Management Account1.
Taking a multi-boutique approach to engagement
We have a history of engaging in collaborative 
multi-stakeholder initiatives. Since 2009, Perpetual 
has been a signatory to the Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI). We are active members of the RIAA, 
participating in RIAA’s First Nations Peoples' Rights 
Working Group, Human Rights Working Group and 
Nature Working Group. 
Our boutiques are also a part of collaborative 
initiatives, including the PRI2, Investor Group on 
Climate Change3, Climate Action 100+4 and the Investor 
Forum in the UK5. Each of our Asset Management 
and Wealth Management businesses has its own 
approach to stewardship and engagement with 
underlying companies. 
Visit our Responsible investment  page for 
examples of our investment teams' engagement 
throughout the year
Our sustainability-orientated products
Asset Management
ESG-labelled funds include the 
Perpetual ESG Australian Share 
Fund, Perpetual ESG Credit 
Income Fund, and Perpetual ESG 
Real Return Fund.
perpetual.com.au/asset-
management
Pendal Australia's sustainable 
funds consist of nine actively 
managed sustainable or 
responsible investment funds 6. 
These funds were recertified 
by RIAA in FY25 under their 
certification program. 
pendalgroup.com/about/
investment-capabilities/
responsible-investing
Barrow Hanley’s suite of 
Conscious-labelled strategies 
consists of the Barrow Hanley 
Conscious Concentrated 
Emerging Markets Equity Fund, 
the Barrow Hanley Conscious 
Global Value Equity Fund and 
the Barrow Hanley Conscious 
Diversified Large Cap Value 
Equity Fund.
barrowhanley.com/barrow-
hanley-responsible-investing
ESG investment strategies 
consist of 11 equity and 
fixed income US and global 
strategies. The firm’s stated 
purpose is to activate clients’ 
capital to advance humankind 
towards a global sustainable 
economy, a just society, and 
a better world.
trilliuminvest.com
Through our J O Hambro and 
Pendal boutiques, we offer 
Regnan-branded thematic 
and impact-focused funds, 
which leverage the Regnan 
team’s sustainable systems 
thinking approach.
regnan.com
Active investment manager, 
JO Hambro, has additional 
strategies that are not 
specifically labelled as 
sustainable funds, but 
are designated as Article 
8 funds in the EU as they 
have environmental and 
social characteristics. 
johcm.com/uk/
sustainability
Wealth Management
Our Wealth Management business offers a Direct Equity Responsible 
Investment Portfolio. In addition, the Implemented RI Australian 
Share, Implemented RI International Share, Implemented RI Fixed 
Income and Implemented RI Real Estate portfolio sector pools are 
constituents of the Perpetual Charitable Endowment Fund which 
has an RI objective. Retail versions of the Implemented RI Australian 
Share and Implemented RI International Share portfolios are also 
available to investors to incorporate into their investment portfolios. 
Alongside these products, we also offer a range of Responsible 
Investment model portfolios.
perpetual.com.au/wealth-management
Maintaining governance standards in our business
1. Includes assets from our Asset Management business only.
2. Signatories include Asset Management, Wealth Management, Barrow Hanley, Pendal, Trillium and JO Hambro.
3. Perpetual, Pendal, and Regnan are members of this initiative.
4. Trillium and Pendal are signatories.
5. JO Hambro is a member of this initiative.
6. The Pendal Sustainable Funds include the Pendal Sustainable Australian Share Fund, the Pendal Sustainable Horizon Share Fund, Pendal 
Sustainable Balanced and Conservative Funds, the Pendal Sustainable Australian Fixed Interest Fund and the Pendal Sustainable International 
Share Fund.
14
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan People CommunitiesIntroduction KPIsGovernance
Planet
Measuring our impact on the environment
We offer sustainability‑focused investment 
solutions and work with our investment 
holdings to support their role in the energy 
transition, when appropriate.
We aim to reduce the environmental 
impact of our operations and enhance our 
climate‑related disclosures, in preparation 
for mandatory reporting.
15
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Performance against our commitments
Commitment Status FY25 progress More info
Grow our products and services that support a low 
carbon future Funds defined as supporting a low carbon future had $1.03 billion outflows.    page 17
Carbon neutral operations FY24 carbon neutrality certification approved 1.    page 17
100% renewably powered operations by FY25 Purchased renewable energy for global office energy consumption during the FY25 period.    page 22
Reduce energy intensity per full time equivalent (FTE) 
employee by one ‑third in Australian operated offices 
by FY30 (FY21 baseline)
Reduced energy consumption in Australian offices during the FY25 period has seen a positive trend continued.    page 36
Require Greenstar or NABERS 5 star minimum for all 
future lease transactions in Australia
Several small office leases throughout the year were below the 5 star rating, however tenancy rating uplift fit ‑outs 
are being explored2.    page 22
Reduce waste to landfill by 10% by FY26 in Australian 
offices (FY23 baseline) Progress continues with a reduction of waste to landfill.    page 36
Reduce paper purchased for printing in Australian 
offices by 50% by FY25 (FY21 baseline)
Failed to achieve 50% reduction of FY21 baseline. Commitment was de ‑prioritised due to separation activities in advance of 
the KKR transaction and new operating model.    page 17
Align our Group reporting to the Taskforce on 
Climate‑related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Included TCFD section in FY24 Annual Report and Sustainability Report. We are progressing our climate ‑related 
financial disclosures to align with the mandatory disclosure requirements under AASB S2.    page 18
Measure and disclose carbon risk and financed 
emissions within our investments with a focus on 
equities and fixed income (corporate bonds)
Measured and disclosed financed GHG metrics associated with the Scope 1 and 2 emissions of our equity 
and fixed income (corporate bond) investments.    page 23
Climate change considered, where appropriate, 
as part of investment approaches Approaches to considering climate disclosed on our website.    page 21
1. Perpetual Group has exited the Climate Active program to focus on mandatory climate ‑related disclosure and ceased procuring carbon offsets for operational emissions pivoting to focus on mandatory climate reporting.
2. Subject to scalability, commercial cost and long ‑term impact.
On track Not on track Achieved
16
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Grow our products and services that support 
a low carbon future
Perpetual Group has committed to grow our products 
and services that support a low carbon future 1. 
In FY25, funds that we define as supporting a low carbon 
future had $1.03 billion outflows, which is not in line with 
our commitment to grow this part of our business 2.
Since establishing this commitment, the funds captured 
within this category have been under added stress from 
the politicisation of ESG. The core set of funds that was 
defined as supporting a low carbon future were those 
managed by boutique, Trillium Asset Management. 
A decision has been made to work towards a more 
appropriate target overlay that best fits our investment 
strategies after more work is completed on our 
transition plan under AASB S2.
Carbon neutral operations
We were able to achieve our goal of "Carbon neutral 
operations by FY23". This was achieved through 
carbon offsetting operational emissions and through 
the completion of two years of voluntary reporting 
(FY23 and FY24) to the Climate Active Carbon Neutral 
certification program. 
Perpetual made the decision to end offsetting 
operational emissions and voluntary reporting in 
January 2025, shifting our focus on mandatory 
reporting preparation for AASB S2.
Reduce paper purchased for printing in 
Australian offices 3
As of 30 June 2025, we purchased 5.32 tonnes of 
paper for the year, which was a 41% reduction of paper 
purchased in Australian offices. This is unfortunately 
over our target of 4.5 tonnes, which would have seen a 
50% reduction4. The extended Strategic Review process 
has impacted the ability to achieve material change within 
those areas of heavy use over the year.
1. We measure this by growth of funds, in terms of net flows, rather than new product launches or change in assets under management, which is impacted by market movements.
2. Our definition of funds that support a low carbon future includes Trillium’s larger cap ‑equity strategies, which are subject to an interim target for 75% of the holdings to commit to set science ‑based targets for reducing their 
GHG emissions, as approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative, by the end of 2030. Perpetual Group has other sustainability ‑orientated investment strategies with low carbon characteristics, including those with fossil 
fuel screens, which are not included in the definition of funds that support a low carbon future.
3. This commitment had been de ‑prioritised during the FY25 period due to extensive separation changes.
4. FY21 baseline.
A decision has been made to review 
existing commitments as we progress in 
developing a new sustainability strategy 
with alignment to AASB S2.
Decarbonisation – realignment of commitments 
17
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
As a large business operating in Australia, Perpetual 
Group will be subject to the ASRS and will be required 
to make additional climate-related disclosures from 
FY26. Perpetual Group has a climate roadmap in place to 
prepare for the Australian mandatory climate disclosures 
and we have a cross-functional working group to 
coordinate our efforts across the Group.
Governance 
Our Board oversees our sustainability strategy and 
climate-related issues. Since the implementation of 
Perpetual’s Prosperity Plan, we have made governance 
improvements to enhance this oversight. This includes 
explicitly referencing the Board’s role in managing 
climate-related risks in the Board Charter. Sustainability 
and responsible investment now sits within the Board 
skills matrix, which outlines the key skills and experience 
we aim to achieve, now including climate change. 
Our sustainability governance structure  ensures 
sustainability is integrated and supported throughout 
all levels of our organisation.
The Sustainability team provides the Board and ExCo 
with six-monthly updates on climate and our sustainability 
strategy. These updates include a status report on our 
climate-related commitments, metrics related to our 
operational performance, and climate risk and emissions 
exposure metrics for our investments.
This year, executive remuneration was covered by 
the sustainability overlay. It was directly linked to the 
35 sustainability commitments, meaning it has broader 
alignment to AASB S1 factors such as people, community 
and governance. The climate-linked commitments 
are outlined in the commitments section on  
page 16. As work progresses in FY26 around climate 
risk and opportunities, the overlay may begin to 
introduce more focused climate-related considerations.
We established the Climate Disclosure Working Group 
to our governance structure, with the intended purpose 
of bringing together the right people to support 
mandatory disclosure under AASB S2 and drive climate 
risk and opportunities integration across all levels 
of the organisation. This group met throughout the 
year to review progress at a Group and business unit 
level, with the core focus on the Group level being a 
year 1 reporting entity. 
During the year, further sustainability roles were scoped 
and hired for in the underlying business units to support 
deeper governance and accountability for addressing 
climate and broader sustainability. These roles aim 
to enhance the understanding and implementation 
of climate and sustainability linked strategies in 
Corporate Trust and Wealth Management. 
Strategy and risk management
Over the long term, the transition to a lower carbon 
economy will require significant amounts of public and 
private capital, creating risks for high emitting industries 
and opportunities for transition-aligned technologies. 
However, this path is unlikely to be linear, and the scale 
and pace of change required for this transformation is 
leading to economic, social and political tensions that can 
create volatility in financial markets. In this context, active 
managers have a role to play helping clients to navigate 
the shifting risks and opportunities of this transition.
The identification, assessment and management of 
climate risk is integrated into our enterprise-wide risk 
management processes. Climate-related risks are 
reflected in the Sustainability and Responsible Investing 
risk category within our RMF. The RMF is in place to ensure 
risks are identified, assessed and managed effectively 
across the Group.
Described in the table on the next page are the 
inherent climate risks identified in the assessment and 
examples of some of the risk mitigants in place at the 
Group level, tailored to the local risk environments for 
those businesses.
This year, we sought the assistance of an industry partner 
to conduct scenario analysis over Perpetual’s strategic 
business model, operations and investment portfolios. 
The intention of this project is to enable guidance 
on strategic decision making and investment team 
engagement to manage risks and advance opportunities 
relating to climate change. In late FY25, we appointed 
Alvarez & Marsal (A&M) to support this endeavour, 
and we will be able to share more detailed information 
of the outputs on this project in our next report.
Mandatory Climate Disclosure – meeting AASB S2
As a large business operating in 
Australia, Perpetual Group will be 
subject to the ASRS and will be required 
to make additional climate‑related 
disclosure from FY26.
18
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Mandatory Climate Disclosure – meeting AASB S2
Inherent climate-related risks for Perpetual Group
Inherent climate-related risks1 Risk description Risk mitigants
Failure to adequately respond to 
regulatory changes
Failure to adequately monitor and adapt to 
increasing climate-related regulation, disclosure 
requirements or scrutiny from regulatory 
bodies, leading to adverse reputational damage, 
heightened supervision or fines.
 ‒ Regulatory Change Management Framework and monitoring processes
 ‒ Industry body memberships 
 ‒ ESG data vendors, platforms or systems 
 ‒ Climate Disclosure Working Group 
 ‒ Group sustainability team and investment teams in businesses with relevant skillsets
Failure to accurately represent 
sustainability -related credentials and 
transparently disclose climate-related risks
Failure to meet the level of disclosure required 
by more stringent climate-related disclosures or 
accurately represent sustainability credentials 
in public or client disclosure resulting in adverse 
reputational damage, heightened regulatory 
supervision, fines, or loss of investment.
 ‒ Due diligence processes 
 ‒ Established product governance frameworks in place
 ‒ Disclosure approval processes, including compliance and legal review and sign-off
 ‒ Ongoing monitoring of public disclosures
 ‒ ESG data vendors, platforms or systems
 ‒ Climate roadmap to meet mandatory disclosure requirements
Failure to manage increasing climate-related 
legal risks
Inadequate disclosure or management 
of climate risks resulting in increased 
climate-related litigation.
 ‒ Due diligence processes for public facing disclosures
 ‒ Climate roadmap to meet mandatory disclosure requirements
 ‒ Responsible investment policies
Failure to incorporate climate risk into Group 
strategic decision making 
Failure to adequately consider and integrate 
climate risks and opportunities as part of strategic 
and business planning, including setting and 
executing Group-wide climate strategy.
 ‒ Development and implementation of a sustainability strategy framework 
 ‒ Climate roadmap to meet mandatory disclosure requirements
 ‒ Periodic reporting to ExCo and Board on sustainability strategy and climate
 ‒ Board training on climate-related risk and regulation 
Inadequate governance over climate risks 
and opportunities 
Failure to ensure that company directors or 
delegated committees charged with climate risk 
governance have adequate climate competency 
or processes in place, resulting in inability 
to effectively manage climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
 ‒ Board training on climate-related risk and regulation
 ‒ Board skills matrix referencing climate, sustainability and responsible investment skills
 ‒ Periodic reporting to ExCo and Board on sustainability strategy and climate
 ‒ Group sustainability team and investment teams in businesses with relevant skillsets
1. Inherent risks are the natural risk level before factoring in the controls or mitigations used to reduce their impact or severity.
19
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Mandatory Climate Disclosure – meeting AASB S2
Inherent climate-related risks for Perpetual Group
Inherent climate-related risks1 Risk description Risk mitigants
Failure to set appropriate decarbonisation targets Lack of organisation-wide decarbonisation target 
or existing decarbonisation targets deemed to not 
meet stakeholder expectations.
 ‒ Monitoring and internal reporting of operational and financed GHG emissions
 ‒ External assurance of GHG emissions accounting
 ‒ Initiatives in place such as procurement of GreenPower and office masterplan to meet 
operational targets
 ‒ Climate roadmap to meet mandatory disclosure requirements
Failure to account for climate risks in active 
investment processes
Inadequate identification and integration of 
climate risk into investment asset evaluation 
and decision making impacting active 
investment performance.
 ‒ Responsible investment policies
 ‒ ESG data vendors, platforms and systems
 ‒ Established investment governance practices in place, including investment committees 
and internal governance forums
 ‒ Appropriately skilled and experienced investment teams 
 ‒ Well defined and disciplined investment processes and philosophy for selection
Failure to manage changing client requirements 
on decarbonisation and reporting
Poor understanding, management or 
reporting of financed emissions, including 
for meeting changing client expectations for 
portfolio decarbonisation.
 ‒ Portfolio monitoring processes
 ‒ ESG data vendors
 ‒ ESG platforms, proprietary models, frameworks or scoring systems
 ‒ Appropriately skilled and experienced investment teams
Failure to account for climate-related risks 
and opportunities as part of product strategy
Failure to meet client demand for 
climate-orientated products or price in risk 
and return of climate solutions, particularly as 
the emergence of new technologies requires 
significant capital investment with potential 
delay of return on investment.
 ‒ Product suite of sustainability-orientated funds 
 ‒ Portfolio monitoring processes
 ‒ Appropriately skilled and experienced investment and product teams
Failure to adequately decarbonise 
operational emissions
Poor internal capabilities to account for 
and decarbonise operational emissions, 
including meeting mandatory disclosure or 
investor requirements.
 ‒ Monitoring and internal reporting of operational GHG emissions
 ‒ External assurance program in place of GHG emissions accounting
 ‒ Initiatives in place such as procurement of GreenPower and office masterplan to meet 
operational targets
 ‒ Climate roadmap to meet mandatory disclosure requirements
Failure to account for physical climate hazards 
to operations and service providers
Inadequate consideration of physical 
climate hazards to operations and service 
provider operations, including at office and 
data centre locations.
 ‒ Business continuity plans
 ‒ Systems and technology capability to support remote working
 ‒ Climate roadmap to meet mandatory disclosure requirements
 ‒ Partner with well regarded, environmentally and socially responsible partners
1. Inherent risks are the natural risk level before factoring in the controls or mitigations used to reduce their impact or severity.
20
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Considering climate as part of our investment processes
Each of our Asset Management and Wealth 
Management businesses has its own investment 
philosophy and approach to managing climate risk 
and opportunities for our clients.
For a description of the approach each of our 
Asset Management and Wealth Management 
businesses and brands takes to considering 
climate as part of investment approaches, see our 
website: perpetual.com.au/considering-climate-
as-part-of-our-investment-process /
As Asset Management and Wealth Management 
businesses have investment-autonomy within their 
respective investment teams, this translates to distinct 
approaches to managing climate-related risks on 
behalf our clients. This can take the form of applying 
carbon pricing, sensitivity and scenario analysis within 
the investment decision process. Examples of this are, 
the Barrow Hanley energy team applying discount 
rates when valuing energy and utilities holdings, and 
JO Hambro running investment portfolios through a 
proprietary probabilistic climate model which looks at 
three different scenarios.
JO Hambro engages with Stantec –  
a leader in engineering services 
(notably in consulting on environmental 
and water management)
The engagement was focused on Stantec’s 
disclosure, encouraging the implementation 
of a comprehensive framework for impact 
measurement, climate resilience and Scope 3 
emissions reporting, and biodiversity assessments. 
JO Hambro had a constructive dialogue with the 
company, which will continue and they will be 
monitoring improvements in upcoming company 
reporting in the areas highlighted.
Trillium engages with Alphabet (GOOG, 
GOOGL) an American multinational 
technology conglomerate 
In 2021, Alphabet announced it would reach net-zero 
GHG emissions, among other climate goals, by 2030. 
However, since that time Alphabet’s GHG emissions 
have increased – rising 13% higher in 2023 than the 
previous year and 48% higher than in 2019, primarily 
due to the increasing energy demands of its data 
centres. In June 2025, Trillium’s proposal asked Alphabet 
for greater transparency regarding how it will meet 
its ambitious 2030 GHG reduction targets given the 
significant growth in emissions resulting from its data 
centre operations. This vote received 8.2% (approximately 
24% of the non-insider vote) support from shareholders.
Read more in: 
Jo Hambro’s stewardship report
Read more in:  
Trillium's Q1 2025 Advocacy Impact Report
Barrow Hanley engages with Bank 
of Nova Scotia, a major Canadian 
multi-national bank
Barrow Hanley has communicated to the Bank 
of Nova Scotia that they would like to see a more 
ambitious and comprehensive climate transition plan, 
in response to the bank's 2023 strategic plan which 
set out their sustainability goals. They will continue 
monitoring the Bank of Nova Scotia’s progress against 
their transition plan.
Case studies
21
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Metrics and targets
An assessment of the amount and percentage of assets 
or business activities vulnerable to climate-related 
transition and physical risks and opportunities has yet 
to be determined. This forms part of the ongoing scope 
of work being conducted in partnership with A&M and 
we will be able to articulate this in our next report. 
Operational emissions
As a global business, Perpetual Group is committed to 
reducing our own operational environmental footprint. 
Key to reducing our operational footprint is to collect 
and report our operational GHG emissions accurately. 
Our operational GHG emissions from FY25 are set out 
in chart 2.
We saw reductions across several operational 
emissions categories, largely driven by 
year-on-year improvements in emission factors 1. 
For example, Scope 3 – Category 6 flight emissions 
decreased despite an increase in travel. Scope 2 
location-based emissions also declined, primarily due 
to behavioural changes linked to the Sydney office 
refurbishment and office space consolidation.
Chart 2 – GHG emissions metrics for our operations in FY25 2
Scope Metric (unit TCO2e) FY25 FY243 FY23
Scope 1 Direct GHG emissions from controlled sources 4 50 3 43
Scope 2
Electricity (location-based) 1,310 1,537 1,514
Electricity (market-based) 011 335 242
Scope 3
Total Scope 3 operational emissions 5 15,156 19,672 22,120
Purchased goods and services 6 8,955 10,356 9,111
Capital goods7 1,695 3,123 5,000
Fuel and energy-related activities 8 596 1,046 1,462
Upstream transportation and distribution 9 101 177 127
Waste generated in operations 128 140 314
Business travel 2,547 3,586 4,540
Employee commuting10 1,134 1,244 1,566
1. Examples are likely the result of location ‑based grid factors, advancements in aircraft technology, etc.
2. Based on operational control boundary setting approach.
3. Figures disclosed in GHG emissions metrics table in the FY24 Sustainability Report have been updated. 
The emission factors utilised for the prior report were supplied by Climate Active and were subsequently 
revised post publication due to errors in the supplied information by the Climate Active emissions factor 
provider. Operational emissions preparation can be found in our basis of preparation .
4. Includes direct GHG emissions from natural gas usage, fuel use and refrigerants.
5. Per our commitment to reach 100% renewable energy globally by FY25, our market ‑base Scope 2 emissions 
are zero, which is the result of purchasing relevant jurisdictional renewable energy certificates for our office 
energy consumption.
6. Based on location ‑based methodology.
7. For Scope 3 categories 1 and 2, a relevance test was undertaken based on the Climate Active Carbon Neutral 
Standard for Organisations to determine relevant emissions sources within those categories. The following 
sources were excluded based on that relevance test: Professional Services; Construction Materials and 
Services; Food; Cleaning and Chemicals and Newspapers, Journals and Periodicals. While Perpetual Group 
is no longer a member of the Climate Active Carbon Neutral program, the thoroughness of the testing and 
outcomes are still appropriate.
8. For Scope 3 categories 1 and 2, a relevance test was undertaken based on the Climate Active Carbon Neutral 
Standard for Organisations to determine relevant emissions sources within those categories. The following 
sources were excluded based on that relevance test: Professional Services, Construction Materials and 
Services; Food; Cleaning and Chemicals; Newspapers, journals and periodicals. While Perpetual Group is 
no longer a member of the Climate Active Carbon Neutral program, the thoroughness of the testing and 
outcomes are still appropriate.
9. Based on location ‑based methodology.
10. Includes emissions related to couriers and postage.
11. In FY24, we improved our calculation methodology to calculate employee commuting by running an 
employee survey to capture information on the typical mode of transport and average commuting 
distances for our employees. In FY23, we had used commuting patterns including typical mode of transport 
and average commuting distances derived from Australian Bureau of Statistics data for Australia and linked 
to the number of FTE in every State within Australia, whereas for international locations, Australia average 
commuting patterns were used as a proxy.
22
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
Metrics and targets
Financed emissions
This category of emissions relates to the GHG emissions 
associated with our equity and fixed income (corporate 
debt) investment holdings, held on behalf of our clients. 
This covers 79% of our total AUM as at 30 June 2025 1. 
These are not emissions from our operations, which are 
described on page 22. 
For alignment to best practice, we expanded our 
financed emissions assessment to include Fixed 
Income (corporate bonds) and align with Partnership 
for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF). With 
this change, we have adjusted the methodology of 
assessment from market capitalisation to enterprise 
value in cash (EVIC). It enables comparability between 
asset classes. FY25 data in Chart 4 highlights the new 
methodology and will be accounted for in future years. 
This expansion of asset classes aligns with AASB S2 and 
has further driven the inclusion of Scope 3 emissions. 
It is noted that data providers utilise levels of estimation 
in calculating financed emissions for Scope 3. In our 
investments, approximately 48% of company Scope 3 
emissions data is estimated. We expect this to improve 
over the next few years as mandatory reporting regimes 
come into effect globally.
While we do not have a specific target to reduce our 
financed emissions, we recognise that climate change 
poses material risks and opportunities that may impact 
the long-term performance of our clients’ investments. 
Chart 3 – Financed emissions for our equity and fixed income (corporate debt) investments in FY25 2
Metric Description Unit Asset Class Emissions3 FY25 4
Total 
carbon 
emissions5 
Absolute GHG emissions associated 
with a portfolio, expressed in  
tonnes CO2e.
Million tCO2e
Equity
Scope 1 6.43
Scope 2 1.38
Scope 3 79.08
Corporate 
Bonds
Scope 1 0.50
Scope 2 0.06
Scope 3 4.27
Weighted 
average 
carbon 
intensity6 
A portfolio’s exposure to 
carbon-intensive companies, 
expressed in tonnes CO2e/$M revenue.
tCO2e/$m 
revenue
Equity
Scope 1 and 2
116.80
Corporate 
Bonds 131.08
1. Covers 79% of total combined Asset Management and Wealth Management AUM as at 30 June 2025. It does not include funds under administration from our Corporate Trust division or funds under advice for our Wealth 
Management division. Further, it does not include assets or investment vehicles like cash and ETFs where we cannot obtain data nor see through to the underlying assets.
2. Source: ISS ESG Data as of 30 June 2025. Includes equity and fixed income (corporate debt) holdings in our asset management and wealth management divisions where our ESG data provider has coverage. Our reporting 
adheres to the GHG Protocol "operational control" approach. See our FY25 Financed Emissions Basis of Preparation for more details at perpetual.com.au/sustainability/archive/ .
3. Scope in this table refers to the emissions of our equity and fixed income (corporate debt) investment holdings.
4. FY25 figures utilise the EVIC methodology and prior years used the Market Capitalisation as Fixed Income (corporate bonds) data was not readily available. As a result, the table has been re ‑baselined to FY25.
5. For total carbon emissions, Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated using an Enterprise Value including Cash as the denominator. This is calculated by combining the total debt and market capitalisation of a 
holding. Where no market capitalisation is available (non ‑listed issuers), total debt only is used.
6. For WACI, Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are allocated based on portfolio weights, that being the current value of investment relative to the current portfolio value. It is calculated using this formula: (current value of 
investment / current portfolio value) x (issuer’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Issuer’s $M revenue).
23
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 Our plan People CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPlanet
People
Championing inclusion 
and high performance
We aim to foster an inclusive environment 
that values diversity and encourages 
varied perspectives, ultimately leading to 
better outcomes for our employees, clients 
and the communities we serve.
We support our people in their career 
growth and personal wellbeing, both at 
work and at home. Flexibility and hybrid 
working are important for our people 
to maintain a healthy work‑life balance.
24
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPeople
Performance against our commitments
Commitment Status FY25 progress More info
40%+ women in leadership by FY24 globally Global representation sits at 32% and Australian representation is 34%, both below our target of 40%.    page 26
Increase female representation in Perpetual Group’s 
investment professionals in Australia to 25% by FY24 Representation in Australia sits at 18% and global representation is at 21%.    page 26
Develop a stretch cultural diversity target by the end 
of FY24
Initiative paused due to the Strategic Review and proposed sale of the Wealth Management business, which would create 
a new baseline for measuring cultural diversity in the company.    page 27
80%+ of our people feel that Perpetual Group 
welcomes diverse people and views by FY24
74% in 2025, up 1% on FY24, and down 5% on FY23. A key priority for FY26 will be refreshing our Asset Management 
and Corporate Trust diversity and inclusion strategy.    page 27
75%+ of our people feel that Perpetual Group supports 
their wellbeing by FY24
55% in 2025, a decrease from both FY23 and FY24. Likely to have been impacted by continued uncertainty that is typically 
created during periods of change.    page 28
75%+ of our people would recommend Perpetual 
Group as a great place to work by FY24
52% in 2025, a decrease from both FY23 and FY24. Likely to have been impacted by continued uncertainty that is typically 
created during periods of change.    page 28
70%+ of our people tell us they have grown 
professionally in the past 12 months by FY24 54% in 2025, down 2% from 2024.    page 29
Maintain zero gender pay gap for all like‑for‑like roles For roles assessed as having relevant benchmark data, average fixed remuneration like ‑for‑like gender pay gap less than 1%.    page 27
On track Not on track Achieved
25
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPeople
At Perpetual Group, we are 
committed to fostering an 
inclusive, high‑performance culture 
through our policies and practices, 
empowering our people to thrive.
We are committed to creating a level playing field 
by embracing diversity in all its forms. We celebrate 
individuality, ensuring everyone feels valued and 
confident to bring their authentic selves to work. 
This commitment is essential to building an equitable 
workplace where everyone can succeed.
Moving towards gender equity
Perpetual Group is committed to and focused on 
improving gender equality within the organisation and 
has strategic initiatives and targets in place to help 
achieve this. Since 2018, we've been recognised as a 
Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) Employer of 
Choice for Gender Equality. We continue to work towards 
representation targets to increase women in senior levels 
to 40%, and women in investment management roles 
to 25%. Our performance against these targets in FY25 
has been impacted by the recent operational restructure 
following the Strategic Review undertaken by the Board 
in the previous year, with the representation of women 
on the Board sitting at 33%. As of June 2025, 32% of our 
senior leaders globally are women, down from 37% in FY24 
and below our target of 40%. Representation of women 
in leadership roles in Australia has dropped from 40% in 
FY24 to 34%.
The implementation of our new operating model and 
a refreshed DEI strategy (FY26–28) in Australia will 
ensure these targets remain a focus. This strategy 
emphasises retaining, promoting and hiring women 
in leadership roles.
Championing diversity, equity, identity and inclusion
32%
of senior leaders globally 
are women
 5% from FY24
34%
female representation 
in leadership roles in 
Australia
 6% from FY24
Our Asset Management Australia business is 
continuing a longstanding partnership with Women in 
Banking and Finance (WiBF), who provide education, 
networking and development support for women in 
the financial services industry.
JO Hambro took part in The Diversity Project – 
Pathway Programme. This project aims to address 
gender imbalance in front-office investment roles 
through a year-long, cross-industry initiative providing 
women with 100 hours of technical and leadership 
training, mentorship, and hands-on trading or 
portfolio-management experience to accelerate their 
progress into front-office investment roles.
Pendal – EmpowHER is a peer mentoring and 
coaching initiative targeted at women within the 
company looking for growth and to achieve new 
goals in their careers. This initiative involves regular 
community events with guest speakers, aimed at 
supporting and empowering women while fostering 
connection, collaboration and support for personal 
and professional growth.
Improving industry representation for women
Achieving greater gender diversity is a significant 
challenge for the funds management industry. 
We acknowledge our responsibility to address this 
issue and embrace the opportunity to collaborate with 
our peers and partners to drive meaningful change.
We set a goal to have at least 25% of our investment 
professional roles in Australia being held by women. 
We did not meet this target, as women hold only 18% of 
asset management positions in Australia, and 21% across 
the Group. Given the low turnover in investment-focused 
roles, we are prioritising the retention of women in our 
investment teams. 
We continue to prioritise the retention and representation 
of women in asset management roles and across our 
business. Some examples are included in the case studies 
on the right.
Case studies
26
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPeople
Championing diversity, equity, identity and inclusion
Our gender pay gap
Reducing the gender pay gap is a key part of our 
commitment to gender equity. For the second 
consecutive year, WGEA has released Employer Gender 
Pay Gaps for private sector organisations with more 
than 100 employees. Perpetual’s gender pay gap 
data is included and the information is available on 
WGEA’s website.
The gender pay gap data reported by WGEA represents 
the difference between the total earnings of women 
and men, irrespective of role level or function. This year 
WGEA has reported median and average gender pay 
gaps, based on both base pay and overall remuneration 
(inclusive of base pay, bonuses and superannuation).
Perpetual Group has a median base salary gender pay gap 
in Australia of 28.7% in favour of men. This is above the 
average finance and insurance services sector gender pay 
gap of 20.2%. We acknowledge that we have a way to go 
to close our current gender pay gap. Crucial to addressing 
this gap will be increasing our number of women in 
leadership and asset management, which remains 
a priority for Perpetual in FY26.
The gender pay gaps reported by WGEA are not the same 
as the like-for-like gender pay gap, which refers to being 
paid the same for performing the same role. Perpetual 
Group conducts comprehensive pay analysis throughout 
the year and is confident we do not have a systemic 
like-for-like gender pay gap. For roles assessed as having 
relevant and reliable benchmark data, our like-for-like 
gender pay gap in FY25 was less than 1%.
Embracing diversity across our organisation
At Perpetual Group, we believe that diversity of thought, 
experiences, cultures, and backgrounds is crucial for 
fostering an inclusive workplace. Our people represent 
more than 28 ethnicities. We set the target that by FY24, 
80% of our people (surveyed in our mood monitor) 
agree that Perpetual cultivates an inclusive environment 
accepting of diverse views and individual differences. 
In FY25, 74% of our people agreed with that statement, 
up 1% from FY24, but unfortunately below our target.
The Group DEI Council has been paused as our approach 
to DEI has evolved to become more division-led. 
While we maintain some enterprise DEI efforts, 
including a Group Pride network, and recognition 
of key awareness days (International Women's Day, 
National Reconciliation Week), each of our businesses is 
empowered to focus on areas of DEI that are meaningful 
to them and the clients and communities they serve. 
With Perpetual's approach to DEI becoming more 
division-led, our plans to develop a Stretch cultural 
diversity target have been paused. This initiative, amongst 
others, will be reviewed by each of our businesses in FY26.
Our boutiques continue to support initiatives that aim 
to increase diversity in the asset management industry. 
Barrow Hanley, through their longstanding partnership 
with the STREAM Foundation (StrengThening Racial 
Equity in Asset Management) offers internships and 
scholarships to college students to promote awareness 
of and careers in investment management.
Supporting LGBTQ+ inclusion
Perpetual is proud to support the ongoing work of 
Equality Australia which is the preeminent national 
LGBTQ+ human rights organisation in Australia. 
To learn more about Equality Australia’s work to 
build a more equitable and inclusive Australia for 
all people, read the case study on our website.
In FY25, we continued our funding for Rainbow Giving 
Australia’s GiveOUT Day, Australia’s only dedicated day 
for LGBTQIA+ giving, created to address the chronic 
underfunding of community organisations.
We also continued to identify charitable sectors and 
communities that are disproportionally disadvantaged or 
overlooked and, where appropriate, advocate on behalf of 
these communities and their funding needs. On behalf of 
our philanthropic clients, we proudly facilitated $564,000 
in FY25 grants to organisations supporting LGBTQ+ 
individuals and communities, making a meaningful 
impact where it's needed most.
Facilitated 
$564,000
in FY25 grants to organisations supporting  
LGBTQ+ individuals and communities
27
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPeople
FY25FY24FY23
0
10
20
30
40
50
60Annual average (%)
47%
of employees  
feeling neutral
41%
of employees  
feeling positive
11%
of employees  
feeling negative
Supporting our people through change
We conduct employee surveys 
during the year to hear directly from 
our people about how they are feeling 
about working at Perpetual.
How our people are feeling has been impacted by 
uncertainty during a period of significant change 
for the business. Ensuring support is available for 
employees during this time is a key priority. 
During FY25, we held seven "Leading Through Change" 
workshops, attended by 196 employees across the 
business. These workshops were designed to support 
our leaders and teams navigating uncertainty. 
Additionally, we continue to offer an Employee Assistance 
Program which provides free and confidential counselling 
services to all employees and their families.
Investing in wellbeing and flexible working
Our wellbeing initiatives focus on the physical, mental, 
social and financial wellbeing of our employees. 
These initiatives include1: 
 – Two additional weeks of Wellbeing and Community 
Leave each year;
 – Annual $275 wellbeing allowance to support 
physical and mental wellbeing;
 – Membership of the Headspace mental health 
and wellness app; and
 – Financial health check with PWM advisers.
Our team frequently emphasise the importance of 
flexibility to effectively balance work and personal life. 
To support this, we offer a flexible hybrid working model, 
allowing our employees to manage their time between 
home and the office. This approach ensures they can 
meet the needs of their clients, collaborate with their 
team, and fulfil personal commitments. 
1. Available for our employees in Australia and Singapore.
Chart 4 – Mood monitor survey results FY23–25
28
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPeople
Promoting learning and development Creating a safe working environment
54% of our people felt Perpetual Group supported their 
professional growth in FY25, which is down from 56% in 
FY24 and below our target of 70%. The formal learning 
and development program has been impacted by the 
Strategic Review and change in operating model.
However, we remain committed to offering learning and 
development opportunities for our staff. In FY25 this 
included yearly conferences, offsites and professional 
development opportunities which included leadership 
training, technical progression, business development 
and coaching.
Our 2025 Graduate Program hired 32 graduates across 
Wealth Management and Corporate Trust. Our graduate 
program offers tailored learning and development 
programs covering a range of topics including relationship 
building, goal setting, presentation skills, communication, 
navigating change, influencing and networking. 
Graduate growth is also supported through networking 
opportunities, structured internal technical training, 
coaching and feedback.
54%
of people felt supported in 
their professional growth
 2% from FY24
32
graduates hired 
through our 
2025 Graduate Program
We have established policies 
and procedures to safeguard our 
employees and foster the success of 
both our people and our organisation.
Our Code of Conduct, Diversity and Inclusion 
Policy, Discrimination, Harassment and Workplace 
Bullying Prevention Policy and Whistleblowing Policy 
all contribute to creating a positive and supportive 
working environment.
To ensure workplace safety, our employees must 
document any accidents, injuries, and "near misses" 
that occur. Employees receive Work Health and Safety 
training as part of their onboarding at Perpetual, so that 
they are aware of expectations and how to report any 
incidents. We track these incidents in our Workday 
people management system, using the data to learn and 
implement measures to prevent future workplace injuries.
In FY25, there were six of these safety incidents in 
Australia. Every two years, all Perpetual Group team 
members in Australia are required to complete 
mandatory health and safety training.
In addition to our graduate program, internships are 
offered throughout the Perpetual Group. The Fordham 
Vacationer Program, a four-week internship program, had 
19 participants in FY25. Barrow Hanley hired five interns 
to promote careers in asset management. Interns include 
qualified diverse candidates to provide exposure to 
career opportunities in financial services to people 
from under-represented communities.
29
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan CommunitiesIntroduction Governance KPIsPeople
Communities
Support strong communities
For over 100 years, we have 
connected our philanthropic clients 
with high‑impact organisations to support 
positive social, cultural and environmental 
change. We aim to empower the 
not‑for‑profit sector to aid disadvantaged 
communities and foster positive change. 
By collaborating with our First Nations 
clients and their communities, we help 
them shape their own futures.
30
Perpetual Group  Sustainability Report 2025 PlanetOur plan PeopleIntroduction Governance KPIsCommunities
Performance against our commitments
Commitment Status FY25 progress More info
Support the Uluru Statement from the Heart and 
the establishment of a First Nations Voice enshrined 
in the Constitution
In FY24 we publicly supported a First Nations Voice to Parliament and continue to support the Uluru Statement 
from the Heart.    page 32
Deliver our 2021–23 Stretch Reconciliation Action 
Plan (RAP) Completed our RAP deliverables in line with the required threshold set out in our RAS in FY24 1.    page 32
Advocate for protection of First Nations’ 
cultural heritage
Participated in collaborative projects such as Dhawura Ngilan Business and Investor Initiative to strengthen First Nations 
cultural heritage management practices. Trillium has been engaging with a utilities company on its approach to Free Prior 
and Informed Consent regarding Indigenous Peoples rights.
   page 32
Give equivalent to 1% of profit through community 
giving and volunteering Initiative paused due to the Strategic Review and proposed sale of the Wealth Management business.    page 34
Provide 10 days of Community and Wellbeing 
leave for all Australian employees The Community and Wellbeing leave benefit is available to all Australian employees.    page 28
Support capacity building and thought leadership 
in the Australian philanthropy and not‑for‑profit 
(NFP) sectors
Perpetual Foundation and Centenary Foundation Trustees Endowments, established with our own corporate funds, 
distributed $653,700 in FY25 to support capacity building in NFP sectors.    page 33
Continuously improve our approach to addressing 
and mitigating modern slavery risks
Completed modern slavery 

[truncated]