BEYOND MINING

Image removed

HOCHSCHILD MINING PLC
Company Number: 05777693

Strengthening today,
building the future

TT

ARE

Hochschild Mining PLC is a leading precious metals company listed on

the London Stock Exchange with a primary focus on the exploration,
mining, processing and sale of silver and gold. We have over 60 years

of experience in the mining of precious metal epithermal vein deposits
and currently operate two underground epithermal vein mines, one

located in southern Peru and one in southern Argentina as well as an

open-pit mine in Brazil. We also have numerous long-term projects

throughout the Americas.

STRATEGIC REPORT

GOVERNANCE

FURTHER INFORMATION

Highlights 2 Board of Directors 91 Profit by operetion 202
Hochschild ate glance 3 Directors’ report 94° Reserves and resources 209
Our strategic framework 4 Corporate governance report 96 Shareholder information 205
Ourinvestment case Audit Committee report 709 Forward-looking statements & Non-IFRS measures 206
Optimising the business 6 Nomination Committee report 715

Market review S Directors’ Remuneration report 718

Chair's statement 7 Supplementary information 730

Chief Executive Officer's statement 34 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 133

Business model 7 MARKET LISTING

Strategy 38 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Market: SeDOL:

Key performance indicators 20 Independent auditor's report to the members Main Market (FTSE 250) BIFWSO2

Operating review 22 of Hochschild Mining PLE 198

Financial review 34 — Consolidated financial statements v43—sCISIN: tssue date:

Stakeholder engagement 42° Consolidated saterertofcompreheravelncame aa OBOOBIFWS020 18 December 2006

Sustainability report 45 Consolidated statement of financial postion 14s . end:

Climate-related Financial Disclosure Report 2025 67 Consolidated statement of cash flows “ae | Sune oment recat cer 2028

Risk management 78 Consolidated statement of changes in equity 147

Viability statement 87 Notes to the consolidated financial statements 48

Group non-financial and sustainability Parent company financial statements 192

information statement 82 Notes to the parent company financial statements 194

Visit our website hochschildminingcom

Strategic
report

2 ontimiing ne sinesiees cer
> Chief Executive Officer's statement ‘> Viobility statement
> uses mde > ceppsoe teen
ena Fa

Image removed

This year marks a key moment for Hochschild,
delivering our strongest ever financial

performance, driven by disciplined execution at

Inmaculada and precious metal price tailwinds.
We added 17 million ounces to our resource
base, advanced our two exciting growth
projects in Peru and Brazil, and significantly
increased the dividend, reflecting the strength
of our balance sheet. At Mara Rosa, we are
close to completing our turnaround plan,
positioning the operation for a stronger and
more sustainable future.

EDUARDO LANDIN
(CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

* Ravens eget te frail stotenentsnatf commer Sicouts. ov revenue em the lect
‘eoragotes ond services revenue.

» Revere pre-oxcept or erento inthe Wont stotemants ae commarcel te revenue from

chides the non-cash recyeing of S54 miion oF oceumuloRes

» ete 00d he aeare reensntna rence tea popstar e
eA es a Ue ae PN
a area
i terranes reanee aren artcrsemeat inte cman ne at
Scena anon ates eam accel aa e Cae
Sia iecrcuna Sehmaeee ota
: BESSR Roose rane emmmaw mene

2025 STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

= Revenue up 25% at $1821 million
(2024: $9477 milion):

~ Revenue (pre-exceptional) up 28% at

$12086 million (2024: $9477 million?.

Adjusted EBITDA up 39% at $5837

million (2024: $4214 million}

~ Profit before income tox
(pre-exceptional) up 66% at
$330.4 million (2024: $1991 million)

~ Profit before income tox
(post-exceptional) up 110% at
$3728 million (2024: $1772 million).

~ Basic earnings per shore
(pre-exceptional) at $0.31 (2024: $0.23),
~ Bosic earnings per shore
(post-exceptional) at $0.39
(2024: $019),
= Cash and cash equivalents balance of
$3170 million os at 31 December 2025
(2024: $970 million).
~ Net debt? of $227 million as at
81 December 2025 (2024: $2186 milion)
= Recommended final dividend of
500 US cents per share ($257 million

2025 OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE®

~ Strong 2025 sofety performance.

~ Fullyeor attributable production
of 311509 gold equivalent ounces
(2024: 347374 ounces),

= Attributable all-in sustaining costs
(AISC¥ from operations of $2138 per
gold equivalent ounce (2024: $1558),

~ Strong performance at inmaculada
producing 209921 gold equivalent
‘ounces

~ Turnaround plan ot Maro Rosa
progressing in-line with expectations,
positioning the asset for stronger and
‘sustainable long-term production.

~ San Jose performance in line with
‘expectations producing 120,639 gold
‘equivalent ounces.

= Senior management team
strengthened with key appointments
including Cassio Diedrich os Chief
Operating Officer.

2025 EXPLORATION AND PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

~ Total resource additions of 17 million
gold equivalent ounces,
~ Monte do Carmo project progressing

towards updated economics and a final

investment decision by mid-2026.

= Royropota silver project permitting
process on track.

~ Strong progression on monetisation of
non-core ossets: Tiernan Gold Corp. now
trading on the TSX Venture Exchange.

Hochschild at a glance

Our operations follow a disciplined pipeline —
from exploration to production — delivering

value at every stage of the mine life cycle. Image removed

GOLD INMACULADA
‘Over the post several decodes, the

price of gold hos been influenced by PERU 0koz AUEG MARA ROSA

many different factors such os central

bonk buying, inflation, geopolitics, Inmeculoda is @

monetory policy and equity markets 20,000 hectare gold and BRAZIL 40koz Au

silver underground mine

k The mine consists of 40
oz mining concessions and is
TOTAL GOLD PRODUCTION 2025 located in the Ayacucho
Department in southern

$3,471/oz ee pemeatn

AVERAGE PRICE FOR 2025 $66.0m Wages poid

$39.2 Toxes & royalties
$8381

Maro Rosa is on open pit
{gold mine located in the
mining-friendly jurisdiction
of Goios Stote.

1769 Employees & contractors
'$9.9m Woges poid

$4.0m Toxes & royalties
'$44.8m Locol procurement

SILVER

Silver hos tended to perform in line
with gold demonstrating its store-of-
volue characteristics although with

SAN JOSE

ARGENTINA 12Ikoz AUEq

‘over 50% of silver demand coming PROJECT PIPELINE Development Projects
from industrial uses, the metal con Hochschild currently hoso © Monte do Carmo (Brazil) San Jose is 0 gold-silver
tle move wth other indus ets sroyres rdorpround mine cctedin
ininasnngueigothespeamtons sronaprictppainewin —@ Royropata Pru ecemrernamine ont
‘and Chile. These include @ Volcan (chile) 1750km southwest of
935 ns Chie Tess incude Teen coet holding iain
+ 02 project, Monte do Carmo in Tiernan Gold) 2,850 Employees & contractors
{OTA iver prooucrion 235 Face ther zpeoeneioveet
coartenstnthove toro norapenco fi9am Toe yor
A0.4/o2 Seto potenti ich (Chie 9% fo. ocl procurement
AVERAGE PRICE FOR 2025 torgetsclosetoourcurent. —-@ Aclora Carina

mines (Brazil, 195%)

Our strategic framework

OUR PURPOSE

READ MORE ON PAGE 45,

Responsible and innovative mining committed to a better world

OUR STRATEGIC PILLARS

OPERATIONAL

BROWNFIELD EFFICIENCY

READ MORE ON PAGE 18,

DISCIPLINED
ESG CAPITAL
ALLOCATION

OUR SUSTAINABILITY AREAS OF FOCUS

READ MORE ON PAGE 42

@ Serving our Protecting i) Ensuring Empowerin Y Grea” “e
Communities the Health and g our People
Responsible
Environment Safety
Business
UNDERPINNED BY OUR VALUES
Inspiring Recognising Seeking Demonstrating
h ning
novation others tolent efficiencies responsibility

Our investment case

Low-cost precious metal growth potential
in key jurisdictions in the Americas.

Image removed

GROWTH OPTIONS IN THE AMERICAS

We currently have two projects underway - Royropata in
Peru and Monte do Carmo in Brazil - that are expected to

drive significant production growth in the né

Image removed

STRONG ESG PERFORMANCE

Our corporate purpose ploces ESG ot the heart of our business
‘operations. This commitment is demonstrated through a broad range of

programmes, initiatives, and actions that_consistently drive
change. (_reaomore )

Image removed

BROWNFIELD PROGRAMME

Our brownfield team has a strong track record of
‘adding high-quality resources at all our operating

Image removed

LONG-TERM DIVIDEND GROWTH

‘As part of our comprehensive copital allocation
strategy, we recognise the importance of
copital return to our shareholders.

A strengthened leadership team

We are confident that we have the right team in place to drive and optimise

the business. Moving forward, this strengthened team will also play a vital
role in realising the full potential at the Mara Rosa mine and advancing the

development of the Monte do Carmo and Royropata projects.

EDUARDO LANDIN
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Eduordo was appointed
CEO on 26 August 2023.
Eduardo previously
served os Hochschild's
COO for over 10 years.

EDUARDO NORIEGA
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Eduordo was appointed
Chief Financial Officer
Of Hochschild Mining

on 10 December 2021
having joined the
‘Company in Morch 2007

CASSIO DIEDRICH
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Cassio, who joined
Hochschild in
September 2025, is an
experienced mining
engineer with 15 years
ct Vale in senior roles
followed by leadership
positions ot Glencore
ond Kinterro Copital
ABrazilion notional,

he brings strong local
expertise.

EDUARDO VILLAR
VP, HUMAN RESOURCES
Eduardo has been with
the Group since 1996,
Prior to his current
position, he served

os Humon Resources
Manager, Deputy HR
Manager ond Legal
Counsel

Images removed

JOSE ENRIQUE FRIAS
VP.LEGAL 6

PUBLIC AFFAIRS

Jose joined Hochschild
Mining os Vice President
of Legal and Public
Affairs in June 2024.

NICOLAS
HOCHSCHILD

VP, PLANNING &
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Nicolas wos Corporate
Manager of Business
Development from
June 2023 before
‘assuming his current
role in Moy 2025.

Biographies for our
leadership team can be
found on our website.

OSCAR GARCIA
VP, BROWNFIELD
EXPLORATION

Oscar was promoted
to the position of VP,
Brownfield Exploration
in 2019 having joined
Hochschild Mining in
2007 as an Ore Control
geologist.

OPTIMISING THE BUSINESS

Driving the turnaround

at Mara Rosa

OVERVIEW OF CHALLENGES

Mara Rosa faced several challenges in 2025, including
heavier-than-usual seasonal rainfall, contractor
performance issues that limited access to higher-grade
ore and tailings filter problems. These issues also slowed
recovery from delays in the mine's waste removal which
were carried over from 2024. Furthermore, in May, the
Group's COO and much of his team at the operation
left the organisation, prompting a country-wide
reorganisation led by Eduardo Landin

SUMMARY OF ACTIONS

A comprehensive operational review strengthened
mining, processing, and permitting systems, supported
bya one-month plant shutdown to complete essential
maintenance and filter repairs. Mining continued
throughout the year, and production improved
steadily as all tailings filters returned to service,
reflecting stronger fleet efficiency and better haulage
conditions. The Company also completed a successful
reorganisation of its Brazil operations, with new
leadership and a more effective management structure
positioning Hochschild for continued improvement.

88x 116

EMPLOYEES ARE FROM GOIAS LOCAL EMPLOYEES
2028 61%) FROM MARA ROSA AND
AMARALINA (2028: 40)

Image removed

Q&AWITH
CASSIO DIEDRICH,
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

‘A. Hochschild is o vastly experienced ond reputable
‘operator with a strong track record, comained with
an exciting pipeline of projects in Brozil and Peru. Its
‘ambitious growth plans and focus on long-term value
creation mode it a compelling opportunity for me to
contribute my experience and help shape the next
phase of the Company's development.

Q._Are there any opportunities for efficiencies and
cost control? 'y oppor

‘A.We have recentiy initiated a disciplined,
‘organisotion-wide approach to cost optimisation. Each
department has been osked to develop c set of
initiatives oligned to our strategic roadmap, with
clear focus on priorities and accountobily. This has
resulted in over 150 initiatives, many with meosurable
‘economic returns that are already included in the 2026
plans, with others still under assessment - creating
strong pipeline for ongoing efficiencies and cost
control,

Image removed

Q&AWITH
EDINEY DRUMMOND, BRAZIL
COUNTRY MANAGER

Q. How have you found the first few months of
working at Hochschild?

‘A.The first few months at Hochschild have been both
engaging and professionally rewarding. Working on the
Mara Roso turnaround plan and gettirg familior with
the other operations and projects has presented
number of challenges but provided me with o valuable
learning opportunity early on. | hove been porticularly
impressed by the strength of the manegement team,
‘whose experience and support hove been evident from,
the outset It is also a privilege to be part of a compony
with o strong reputation in the mining industry, which is
clearly reflected in its culture and standards.

Q._ What special challenges have you had to deal with
at Mara Rosa?

‘A.At Maro Rosa, the key challenges were both
operational and organisational, with ¢ major
turnaround already underway when | joined. Since
then, significant improvements have been made to
mine access and efficiency, alongside necessary
upgrades to processing and filtering activities. In
parallel, o timely cultural reset has been implemented
to stabilise the operation and place it on a stronger,
more sustainable footing

Q. Are you excited about the Monte de Carmo project?

‘A. The team is looking forward to reaching a
construction decision on the exciting Monte do Carmo
project sometime in 2026, We are comeleting the
detailed engineering and, of course, improving the
business case with the lessons learned from Mara Rosa.
‘Combined with the opportunity to advance a high-
quality Brazilian project in ¢ buoyant precious metal
market, Monte do Carmo represents c compelling
‘growth opportunity for the Company.

Dedicated to a sustainable future

Since the Company’s inception, we have endeavoured to maintain and
reinforce our corporate values of respecting the well-being of our
employees, the environment and the communities in which we operate.

SUSTAINABILITY IS KEY TO OUR
BUSINESS STRATEGY

(ur purpose at Hochschild is responsible
and innovative mining, committed toa
better world. Sustainability is fundamental
to this purpose and underpins how we
operate as a business; it shapes our
culture and guides our day-to-day
actions. It defines our relationships

with communities, our people and local
governments, and underlies how we
interact with the environment and the
physical landscapes in which we operate.

0.97 8x

Lost TIME INJURY
FREQUENCY RATE
(2024125)

WASTE GENERATED
(2024! 57%)

Stakeholders

We ore focused on driving long-term
sustainable performance for the benefit,

of our customers, shareholders and wider
stakeholders. Only by fully understanding our
‘stakeholders’ needs ond their expectations
‘can we measure the extent of our success.

RECYCLED WASTE VS

SUMMARY OF ACTIONS
in 2025, the Company delivered a strong
improvement in ESG performance

such as in Lost Time Injury Frequency
Rates, fresh water usage and recycled
waste. This has built on prior-year
momentum and expanding the scope of
environmental and social performance
tracking across operations to now include
Mara Rosa. Progress was made in local
employment and procurement, waste
management, and overall operational
sustainability, alongside continued

GS

CUSTOMERS

900
a

SHAREHOLDERS

improvements in environmental, health,
and safety performance.

Governance and transparency were
strengthened through alignment with
international frameworks and enhanced
external reporting. Ongoing safety

‘and environmental culture initiatives
continued to embed consistent

practices across the business, with these
‘achievements reflected in our latest

MSCI ESG rating of BBB, and our inclusion
in the FTSE4Good Index Series

Image removed

Ten x<~
A, tii
EMPLOYEES SOCIAL GOVERNMENTS/
REGULATORS

SUPPLIERS/
LENDERS

Our markets

WHY IS GOLD IMPORTANT IN
TODAY'S WORLD?

Gold represents enduring value, underpins
financial systems, and plays an important
role across a range of industries, with its
significance rooted in its rority, versatility,
‘and timeless visual oppecl that hos attracted
interest for centuries.

Throughout history, gold has held cultural,
religious, and economic importance,
functioning os ¢ symbol of wealth, o medium
‘of exchange, and an integral element in many
traditions and ceremonies. Its distinctive
physical ond chemical characteristics ~

such as durability, malleability, rarity, and
enduring shine - underpin its value across
industries including jewellery, technology,
ond investment, while investors and central
‘banks continue to rely on gold for wealth
reservation, portfolio diversification, and
protection against economic uncertainty,
inflation, and geopolitical risk.

GOLD IN TECHNOLOGY
Gold's excellent conductivity mokes it o key
material in electronics, including printed
circuits and transistors. In the cutomotive
industry, it ploys a eriticol role in sofety
systems, such as onti-lock brakes and airbog
sensors. in defence ond oerospace, gold

is volued for its obility to reflect infrared
radiation, finding use in windscreens,
estronout helmet visors, and other space
epplications. Additionally, gold-coated gloss
is employed in commercial buildings to reflect
sunlight, improve energy efficiency, ond
reduce solar heat goin

and their key drivers

WHY IS SILVER IMPORTANT IN
TODAY'S WORLD

Silver is o precious metol with intrinsic value
that, like gold, has long been regarded os
both c commodity and « form of money,
hoving served as o medium of exchange for
thousonds of years. Today, however; silver's
importance is driven primarily by industrial
demand, with widespread use in technologies
such os mobile devices, solar panels, and 0
‘growing range of emerging innovations that
capitalise on its distinctive properties

As a noble metal, silver resists corrosion
‘and oxidation ond offers the highest
thermal and electrical conductivity of any
metal, moking it especially valuable for
electrical and electronic applications. ts
antimicrobial and non-toxic choracteristics
support uses in medicine ond consumer
products, while its high lustre and reflectivity
underpin demand in jewellery, silverware,
‘ond optical applications

Silver is used extensively across o wide

array of applications, including soldering
‘and brazing olloys, batteries, dentistry,
electronics, gloss coatings, LEDs, medical and
pharmaceutical products, semiconductors,
solor energy systems, water purification,
sotellites, imaging technologies, and many
other industrial processes,

SILVER IN TECHNOLOGY

‘As technology advances rapidly, silver’s
importance continues to expand, particularly
in applications like SG networks and
semiconductors. The global rollout of SG ond
the surge in dato demand have driven the
need for faster, more reliable devices, with
silver playing a critical role in manufacturing
high-performance chips ond components.

‘Semiconductors, essential to modern

digital devices, depend on silver for efficient
electrical conduction and regulation,
‘making the metcl c key driver in the ongoing
evolution of technology.

Image removed

GOLD
Gold is a precious metol bought by people
‘across the world for different reasons, often
influenced by socio-cultural factors, morket
conditions, and macroeconomic drivers in
their country,

‘The gold price ended 2025 at $4,34V/0z,
(2024: $264V/02), another record high
yeor-end close and increasing by
record 64% year-on-year.

$4,341/02

2025 YEAR-END PRICE

The average 2025 gold price of
$3,47Vo0z (2024: $2,406/02) —
also cnother record was 44%
higher than 2024

+44.,

AVERAGE PRICE VERSUS 2028

SILVER

Silver is known for its lustrous appearance,
malleobility and conductivity and hos been
prized for centuries in jewellery, currency,
and industriol applications. With a rich
history tied to wealth and craftsmanship,
silver plays a vitol role in various sectors,
from technology

to medicine.

‘The silver price ended 2025 at $706/oz
(2024:$292/02) which is 0 142% increase on
the 2024 closing price

$70.6/cz

2025 YEAR-END PRICE

The average 2025 silver price of
$40 4/02 (2024: $28 S/oz) was
oso 42% higher than 2024.

+42

MARKET REVIEW CONTINUED

Gold

Gold delivered an exceptional performance in 2025, rising in nearly
every month and recording its largest annual gain in 46 years. Driven by
ongoing geopolitical tensions, volatile US trade policies and interest rate
expectations, and broader economic uncertainty, gold emerged as one
of the top-performing asset classes of the year.

‘SUMMARY

Gold is a precious metal bought by
people across the world for different
reasons, often influenced by socio-
cultural factors, market conditions, and
macroeconomic drivers in their country.

AVERAGE 2025 PRICE

$3,472

Image removed

Gold prices delivered o historic performance
in 2025, rising neorly every month and
climbing os much os $5% to surpass

$4,000 per ounce for the first time in October,
before reaching record highs above $4,300.
‘The rally was driven by o mix of US trode-
reloted uncertainty, reduced demand for the
US dollar, increased central bank buying,
shifting monetary policy expectations, and
‘ongoing wars in Ukraine and the Middle

Eost. Together, these forces created ideo!
conditions for gold's strongest annual gain

in 46 yeors,

Totol gold demand in 2025, including
‘over-the-counter transactions, surpassed
5,000 tonnes for the first time on record,
Supported by o record-breaking price

rally that delivered 0 huge number of new
all-time highs, total demand reached on
unprecedented value of $555 billion, up 45%
year-on-year. Rising investment activity
wos the primary driver, with global gold ETF
holdings increasing by 801 tonnes = the
second-strongest annual inflow on record ~
whilst bar and coin demand accelerated to
12-year high

Investment demand in 2025 was underpinned
by consistent safe-haven and diversification
motives, a ongside price-driven interest, while
central bank purchases remained historically
elevated ond spread across the globe at

863 tonnes, clbeit slower than recent peoks.

In addition, in o background of record gold
prices, jewellery demand declined, though
sentiment stayed strong, with the value

of global jewellery demand rising 18% toa
record $172 billion. Meanwhile, technology
demand held steady despite disruption in
consumer electronics markets, supported by
continued growth in Al-reloted applications,

Totol gold supply in 2025 rose 1% year-
‘on-year to on estimated 5,002 tonnes, the
highest since 1970, supported by record mine
production and higher recycling, initial early
estimates point to mine output increasing
marginally to 3672 tonnes, just beating the
2018 record of 3663 tonnes. Recycling rose 3%
011404 tonnes, a relatively muted response to
the soaring US dollar gold price. Outstanding
net producer hedging also fell as producers
delivered into maturing contracts and bought
back some longer-dated positions

10

Image removed

POSSIBLE DRIVERS
FOR GOLD IN 2026

Volatile geopolitical conditions ore
likely to remain a key driver of gold
prices in the year chead, supporting
continued strong central bank buying,
healthy gold ETF inflows, and robust bar
‘nd coin demand.

Bond market uncertainty, further
expected interest rate cuts delivered by
new Federal Reserve Chairman, and
continued pressure on the US dollar
should underpin strength across
investment demand.

Jewellery spending is expected to
remain resilient.

Central bank demand is forecast to stay
solid, broadly in line with 2025 levels.

Mine supply and recycled gold are likely
to remain similor to lost yeor, with high
‘margins continuing to incentivise
production.

Sources: World Gold Council Metals Focus

MARKET REVIEW CONTINUED

Silver

Silver generally tracks gold as a store of value, but with over half its demand
from industry, it also moves with industrial metals and global growth trends.

SUMMARY

Silver is known for its lustrous
‘appearance, malleability, and
‘conductivity and has been prized

for centuries in jewellery, currency,
and industrial oppiications. with
@rrich history tied to wealth and
craftsmanship, silver plays a vital role
in various sectors, from technology
to medicine.

AVERAGE 2025 PRICE

$40 Aioz

Image removed

Silver prices were again extremely strong in 2025,
with the silver spot price gaining 141%, rocketing
from $292 to $706 per ounce and reaching a
record high ot just over $77 per ounce. This wos
‘due to cn unprecedented liquidity squeeze that
hos driven lease rates to record highs, alongside
record volumes being delivered into CME
(Chicago Mercantile Exchange) voults amid US.
toriff concerns and the US government's official
‘designation of silver as critical mineral. These
developments are unfolding against o backdrop of
heightened macroeconomic and geopolitical risks
= particularly surrounding US trade policy - which
has encouraged investors to increase allocations
to precious metols for diversification. Consequently,
investment demand has strengthened materially,
‘more than offsetting weakness across all mojor
segments of silver demand,

Interms of morket fundamentals, global supply

is estimoted to have risen by 1%, underpinned

by o modest return to producer hedging. Global
demand is expected to have declined by 4%, with all
significont demond categories posting lower totals.
Even so, the market has remained in deficit in 2025,
marking the fifth consecutive yeor.

Global silver demand is expected to have follen

by 4% year over year to 112 billion ounces in 2025,
with oll mojor demand segments projected to
decline, led by industrial demand, os well os weaker
jewellery ond bar-and-coin demand. industrial
‘demond is forecast to have dropped by 2% to

665 milion ounces, reflecting heightened global
‘economic uncertainty stemming from tariff policies
‘and geopolitical tensions, clongside foster pace of
thriting in response to elevated silver prices. In the
photovoltaics (PV) sector, global installations are set
to reach a new record; however, a sharp reduction’

in sites loadings per module is expected to drive
Pv-related sitver demand down by oround 5%
‘year over year. This weakness should be partially
offset by continued growth in Al-driven dato centre
infrastructure and further, clbeit more moderate,
exponsion in electric vehicle soles.

Jewellery and silverwore ore expected to have
declined by 4% ond 11%, respectively, this year. For
‘ecch segment, this lorgely reflects weakness in
Indio, where the rupee silver price hos been trading
ot recerd highs, well before the international market
‘experienced the same trend,

Exchange traded product (ETP) holdings rose
by oround 18% up until November 2025 lifting
‘year-to-date inflows to 187 millon ounces. This
increase reflects mounting investor concerns
‘over stagflation the independence of the US
Federcl Reserve, government debt sustainability,
the US dollar's role as o safe haven, ond ongoing
‘geopolitical risk Silver's strong price performonce,
together with its supportive supply-derond
fundomentals, hos further bolstered investor
confidence

12025, global mined silver supply is expected to
have remained flat at 813 million ounces. Kigher
‘Mexican ond Russion production wos offset by
lower output in Peru ond indonesia. Primary silver
supply is forecast to hove risen 3 millon ounces
10227 milion ounces, accounting for 28% of global
output. Mexican production is predicted to have
risen by 5 milion ounces to 186 milion ounces,
driven by the restort of Penoles' Tizopo mine
following @ prolonged labour dispute, the ongoing
ramp-sp at Endeavour Silver's Terronera project,
‘and higher output from Southern Copper.

Image removed

POSSIBLE DRIVERS
FOR SILVER IN 2026

Silver is expected to benefit
from improving investor
sentiment toward precious
metals, supported by tightening,
physical supply-deriand
balances.

Silver may also be supported
by mony of the same drivers.
underpinning gold: a softer

US dollar, US interest rate cuts,
‘and renewed demand for sofe-
haven assets amid geopolitical
concerns.

Historically, silver has
outperformed gold during falling
rote cycles, as lower real yields
tend to boost both investor
allocations and industrial activity.

‘The solar sector - the largest
driver of silver demond ~ oppeors
tobe nearing o near-term peak
in annual capacity additions.
Analysts are suggesting solar
installations may plateau or even
decline from 2026 onwards.

iver is currently forecast to
remain in deficit.

‘Sources: Silver institute, Metals Focus

EDUARDO HOCHSCHILD
COMPANY CHAIR

CHAIR'S STATEMENT

Disciplined
financial
management

$1,209m

REVENUE
2024: $948

2025 was a yeor that provided o number
of challenges, but also one thot clearly
demonstrated the strength of our business
‘and our people.

Record precious metol prices towards the
end of the year provided o powerful tailwind,
delivering strong financial results and
reinforcing our confidence in the long-term
fundomentols of our portfolio. At Mara Rosa
in Brozil, we responded quickly ond decisively
to operational chollenges, executing a
comprehensive turnaround plan that is now
close to completion. As we look ahead, | am.
excited by the progress and potential of our
two high-value projects in Peru ond Brozil,
which position the Company well for the year
ahead and beyond.

Success for the Group is defined by
‘achieving operational efficiency while
delivering transformative change. We engage
prooctively with our communities, creating

a meaningful and losting positive social
legacy. Through sustained effort, we achieved
record proportions of local employment
‘across our workforce and local procurement.
We also implemented o comprehensive

social investment programme benefiting
‘communities across all our operations,

Environmental management is integral
toour approach to sustoinable growth. In
2025, we delivered excellent environmental
performance, reflected in our best-in-

$584 m

ADJUSTED EBITOA
2024 $421

class ECO Score tool. This wos further
demonstroted by yeor-on-year reductions

in fresh water consumption per tonne

of ore processed, alongside continued
improvements in waste management. in
addition, our two ESG-linked loans delivered
interest rote reductions linkec to defined
environmental and sofety performance
indicotors. We also made significant progress
in addressing climote-related risks, with our
operations in Brozil ond A-gentino meeting
100% of their energy requirements from
renewable sources.

Sofety excellence remained a defining
feoture of the Group's operational
performance in 2025. This wos reflected in
on all-time low injury frequency rate, ond the
ochievement of 2 million man-hours worked
in Son Jose without incidents. Together,
these outcomes are o cleor testament to the
dedication, discipline, and professionalism
of our operational teams.

‘Our people remain central to our
performance. Hochschild's obility to attract.
‘ond retain tolent continues te be reflected
in consistently low levels of employee
turnover. We ore also pleased to report
thot, in o traditionally male-dominated
industry, we hove made good progress in
workforce diversity, reaching on all-time
high level of female representation across
our total workforce,

CHAIR'S STATEMENT CONTINUED

Our performance across these areas hos
been independently validated through
upgrades from leading ESG rating agencies,
including MSC! and Sustoinalytics, as well

{9s our inclusion in the FTSE4Good Index.
‘Comprehensive details of the programmes
delivered across our countries of operation
are set out in the Sustoinobilty section of the
Annual Report

Moro Rose had « chollenging stort to the
year, reflecting a combination of adverse
seasonal conditions and operational

issues. But lam pleased to report thot the
situation was addressed decisively through
c.comprehensive review of the operation, led
by Eduordo Landin. The review resulted in the
implementation of « turnaround plan for our
Broziion business, strengthening leadership
including our new Chief Operating Officer,
Cassio Diedrich, and operational oversight,
Glongside torgeted maintenance and process
improvements. Following o temporary plant
shutdown in July the mine's performance
improved steadily throughout the second holf
of the year as access to higher-grade oreas
improved and plant stobility was restored.
With the reorganisation now complete, the
‘operation is on more stable footing, and
management remains focused on delivering
consistent performance ond realising the
‘osset’s long-term volue,

Our other operations again delivered o solid
performance, led by Inmaculado, which again
exceeded annual production guidance ond
«will continue to be our flogship asset for some
time, notwithstanding the elevoted prices
thot ore enabling the processing of lower-
grode material over the coming quorters.
While costs were moderately above our
revised guidance, this lorgely reflected the
immediate impact of sharply rising prices on
cyclical costs such os royatties and export
toxes. Furthermore, record precious metois,
prices, together with strong operational
performance in Peru and Argentina, resulted
in robust cash generation. This allowed

the Group to significantly reduce net debt
while continuing to invest in brownfield
exploration and the advancement of our
development projects.

‘The performance of our brownfield
exploration team continues to be a key
strength of Hochschild, Building on the
‘success of previous years, the team delivered
‘another strong result in 2025, adding

17 million gold equivalent ounces to our
resource bose. This outcome reflects both
disciplined execution and the underlying
quality of our asset portfolio and reinforces
‘our long-standing view that there remains
significant potential within our existing
‘operotions. These additions support the
long-term sustainability of the business and
confirm the important role that brownfield
‘exploration continues to ploy in our

‘overall strategy.

OUTLOOK
‘As noted above, 2025 saw 0 continuation

of the extraordinary upift in the precious
metals market, with both gold and silver,
reaching record levels on cn almost monthly
basis. Gold has recently risen to further new
highs of over $5,400 per ounce, whilst silver
has climbed to over $100 per ounce, with

both metals benefiting from tight market
conditions and heightened global political
‘and economic uncertainty. This exceptional
pricing environment has materially enhanced
the Group's financial position, and we are
‘encouraged to see this strength continuing
into 2026 although precious metal markets
remain volatile it provides o strong foundation
198 we move forward to finance our project
pipeline and complete the turnaround of our
‘operations in Brozil

2025 was o year marked by disciplined
financial mangement, as we made
substantial progress towards our medium-
term financial objectives. A central priority
during the yeor wos the reduction of our
debt position, and lam pleased to report

0

Image removed

The performance of our brownfield exploration
team continues to be a key strength of

Hochschild.

that strong cash generation enabled us to
reduce net debt by olmost $200 million. This
wos achieved whilst also strengthening the
Company through the monetisation of non-
core assets. Management did an excellent
job in successfully listing Tiernan Gold on the
‘Toronto Stock Exchange Venture Exchange
(TSXV), raising capital to advance the

Volcan gold project in Chile while retaining
‘an approximately 70% interest. As a result,
cour balance sheet is now well-positioned

to finance our next development project in
Brazil, Monte do Carmo, with updated project
‘economics underway and a final investment
decision targeted for mid 2026,

Lost year, we highlighted thot, as part of our
capitol allocation strategy, we recognised
‘the importonce of returning copital to our
shareholders. Accordingly, we introduced
new dividend policy designed to provide
greater predictability and consistency for
our investors in the years cheod. Building on
this, the Board is pleased to announce that
the performance of the Company this year
and the strength of our bolance sheet cllows

us to recommend a final dividend of $00 US
cents per share, representing o distribution of
$257 million for a total of $30.9 million in 2025.

{As we reflect on 0 successful 2025, | would
like to extend my thanks to our leadership
teom,os wells the thousands of Hochschild
‘employees, contractors, ond partners whose
dedication has been central to our progress
during the year. Whils: we faced challenges in
Brozil during the year, the commitment and
hard work of our teams across all operations
have been instrumental in delivering value
for our Company ond our stakeholders. lom
truly proud of whot hos been accomplished
‘and confident in our ability to build on this
progress in the year ohead os we continue to
develop our exciting portfolio.

EDUARDO HOCHSCHILD
COMPANY CHAIR

10 March 2026

EDUARDO LANDIN
(CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S STATEMENT

The outlook
remain
compelling

GOLD PRODUCTION KOZ
ATTRIBUTABLE

Image removed

During 2025, Hochschild Mining made solid
progress across the Company, supported

by disciplined execution of our strategy,
despite operational challenges at Mara Rosa
in Brozil

Our focus remains firmly on our four
strotegic pillors - brownfield exploration,
‘operational efficiency, ESG leadership,

‘and disciplined copital allocation ~ which
continue to guide our decision-making and
underpin our commitment to long-term value
creation, While Mara Rosa did not meet our
‘expectotions, decisive action wos taken, and
with o strengthened team including o new
C00, 0 comprehensive operational review,
‘and targeted optimisation initiotives now
delivering results, o robust platform is in place
to support improved performance in Brazil
nd reliable production in 2026.

ESG
Our corporate purpose ploces responsibility
at the core of how we operate. As highlighted
by the Chair, this commitment is reflected

in o comprehensive range of initiatives

thot underpin our long-term value creation
torgets. In 2025, our ESG programme made
strong progress, delivering yeor-on-yeor
improvements across 10 of our 16 key ESG
performance indicators and reinforcing

its central role in the execution of our
corporate strategy.

SILVER PRODUCTION KOZ
ATTRIBUTABLE

Image removed

‘Through active community engagement,
we reinforced our social | cence to operate
‘across all our sites. We delivered an excellent
Lost Time injury Frequency Rote of 097
(2024: 125), while our operations in Peru ond
Argentina continued to maintain Level 8
sofety management system certification
from Det Norske Veritas. Environmental
performance remained robust, reflecting

the effective integration of sustoinobility
principles and responsible resource
stewardship throughout our operations.

OPERATIONS
‘Our operational performance in 2025
highlighted the resilience of our diversified
cosset bose. Attributable gold equivalent
production totalled 311503 ounces, o 10%
reduction compored with 347,374 ounces

in the prior yeor, largaly ottributable to
challenges ot the Mara Roso operation.
All-in sustaining costs for the year were
higher than initially cnticipated, reflecting
lower production in Brazil, additional copital
investment to support the operational reset
‘at Mara Roso, the mining of lower-grode
border areas of the veins at Son Jose, and
the impact of higher precious metol prices
in royalties, selling expenses and workers’
profit sharing.