Hochschild Mining PLC

Company No: 05777693

f eau

Delivering on
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 our strategy

Hochschild Mining PLC is a leading precious metals company
listed on the London Stock Exchange with a primary focus on
the exploration, mining, processing and sale of silver and gold.

We have over 60 years of experience in the mining of precious
metal epithermal vein deposits and currently operate two

underground epithermal vein mines, one located in southern
Peru and one in southern Argentina as well as the Mara Rosa
open-pit mine in Brazil. We also have numerous long-term

projects throughout the Americas.

O6

Mara Rosa feature

STRATEGIC REPORT

Hochschild at a glance 02
Operational highlights 04
Mara Rosa feature 06
Senior leadership team 08
Market review 10
Chair's statement 16
Chief Executive Officer's statement 8
Business model 22
Our strategy 24
Key performance indicators 26
Operating review 29
Financial review 438
Stakeholder engagement 56
Sustainability report 60
Climote-related financial disclosures 80
Risk management 96

Viability statement

Group non-financial and sustainability
information statement

GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors

14

Directors’ report

Corporate governance report ne
Directors’ remuneration report 142
Supplementary information 184
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities 187

CEO statement

ANAM TT

STRATEGIC REPORT

Operating review

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Independent Auditor's report
Consolidated income statement

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income

Consolidated statement of
financial position

Consolidated statement of cash flows

Consolidated statement of
changes in equity

Notes to the consolidated
financial statements

Parent company statement of
financial position

Parent company statement of
cash flows .

Parent company statement of
changes in equity

Notes to the parent company
financial statements

FURTHER INFORMATION
Profit by operation

Reserves and resources
Shareholder information

Forward looking statements

GOVERNANCE

158
166

167

168
169

170

m

227

228

230

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FURTHER INFORMATION

Market listing
Market:

Main Market (FTSE 250)
ISIN:

GBOOBIFWS029

Market segment:
STMM

SEDOL:

BIFWSO2

Issue date:

18 December 2006
Year-end:

31 December 2024

® READ MORE

Visit our website hochschildmining.com

Sustainability

Non-IFRS Financial Performance Measures

The Company has included certain non-IFRS measures in this report.

The Company believes that these measures, in addition to conventional
measures prepared in accordance with IFRS, provide investors with an
improved ability to evaluate the underlying performance of the Company.
The non-IFRS measures are intended to provide additional information
and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures
of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. These measures do
not have any standardised meaning prescribed under IFRS, and therefore

may not be comparable to other issuers.

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 1

Hochschild at a glance

Inmaculada

PERU 221koz Au Eq
inmaculada is a 20,000
hectare gold-silver
underground mine. : BRAZIL 64koz Au
The mine consists of Mara Rosa is an open pit
40 mining concessions gold mine located in the
and is located in the mining-friendly jurisdiction
Ayacucho Department ta} of Goias State.

in southern Peru. (2) 1)

® READ MORE onpages2_ | —___@
841 Employees & contractors

3,630 Employees & contractors $7.6m Woges paid
$57.3m Wages paid $- Taxes & royalties
$8.3m Toxes & royalties $621m Local procurement

° 20182

TOTAL GOLD PRODUCTION 2024

Mara Rosa

DB READ MORE on page 6

Project pipeline

Hochschild currently has

a strong project pipeline with
assets based in Peru, Brazil
and Chile. These include the
new development project,
Monte Do Carmo in Brazil, as
well as former operations that ‘
still have strong geological
potential and regional targets
close to our current mines.

ARGENTINA 124koz Au Eq

San Jose is a gold-silver
. underground mine located
@ Monte Do Carmo (Brazil) inthe Santa Cruz province,

© Royropata (Peru) e 1,750km southwest of
Buenos Aires.
© Volcan (Chile)

DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS

® READ MORE on page 44

EXPLORATION PROJECTS

———— +1788 Employees & contractors mM
$68.9m Woges paid

© Ares (Peru)
$0.m Taxes & royalties . OZ

$82.8m Local procurement
TOTAL SILVER PRODUCTION 2024

2 __ HOCHSCHILD MINING PLC

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. FURTHER INFORMATION

Dedicated to
a sustainable
future

Since the Company's inception, we have
endeavoured to maintain and reinforce our
corporate values of respecting the well-being
of our employees, the environment and the
communities in which we operate.

® READ MORE
on page 12

@ READ MORE
‘on page 14

Gold

Over the past several decades, the price of gold has
been influenced by many different factors such as
central bank buying, inflation, geopolitics, monetary
policy and equity markets.

$2 406/oz

AVERAGE PRICE FOR 2024

Silver

Silver has tended to perform in line with gold
demonstrating its store-of-value characteristics
although with over 50% of silver demand
coming from industrial uses, the metal can

also move with other industrial metals in line
with global growth expectations.

$28.5/oz

AVERAGE PRICE FOR 2024

OUR PURPOSE

Responsible and
innovative mining
committed to a
better world.

OUR VALUES

|_ Innovation
Inspiring others
Recognising talent

|__ Seeking efficiencies

L_ Demonstrating responsibility

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 3

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Our achievements
and future outlook

KEY HIGHLIGHTS ® READ MORE onpage 48

S474 5,

TOTAL GOLD EQUIVALENT
PRODUCTION 2024
2023: 366.5 KOZ

1.94 Stare

DIVIDEND PER SHARE
2023: NIL

4 —_ HOCHSCHILD MINING PLC

Over the last few years, we have transformed the
Hochschild Mining portfolio with the result that we now
have a balanced business with mines and projects
spread across South America that are delivering
substantial low-cost growth, There have also been

a number of changes to our leadership team with
several new appointments including Chief Financial
Officer, Chief Operating Officer and, most importantly,
Eduardo Landin’s promotion to Chief Executive Officer
in August 2023.

Our Company explores, develops, mines and
processes, and our ambition continues to be a
business with a responsible and innovative approach
committed to a better world. But we cannot do it on
our own. So we strive to create partnerships that solve
problems and create solutions with lower societal and
environmental impact. The approach applies as much
to community and employee relations as it does to
incremental everyday progress, such as our safety and
operational performance.

The Future

We now have two projects that are set to deliver long-
term growth in gold and silver production. The first is the
revival of our Pallancata/Selene district in southern Peru
with the new Royropata zone which we believe will deliver
a major new silver mine in the next four years. The
second is the recently acquired Monte Do Carmo gold
Project in the Tocantins state in Brazil, not far from our
Mara Rosa mine and expected to reach a construction
decision sometime in the second half of 2025.

$A

ADJUSTED EBITDA 2024
2023: $274M

1/098

RESOURCE BASE
(AG EQUIVALENT)
2023: 1,506 MOZ

AA

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE

OUR INVESTMENT CASE

Low-cost precious metal growth potential
in key jurisdictions in the Americas.

® READ MORE on page 24

Transformational
opportunity

We have made strong strategic progress over the
last few years and transformed the business.

® READ MORE on page 46

Brownfield programme

Our successful programme continues to add
low-cost high-grade resources at all our operations
‘and projects

® READ MORE on page 55

Dividend restored

We have restored the dividend and instituted a
dividend policy to provide predictability going forward

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

® READ MORE on page 34

Growth options
in the Americas

Monte Do Carmo and Royropata are expected to
deliver additional growth from 2028,

D> READ MORE on page 48

Strong profitability and
balance sheet position
Our 2024 Adjusted EBITDA was up 54% at

$421 million whilst our cash balance is $97 million
as at 31 December 2024.

D READ MORE
‘on page 60

Strong ESG performance

We have a strong ESG track record and seek to
create long-term value through safe, innovative and
environmentally sound operations.

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 5

FURTHER INFORMATION

Mara Rosa

Unveiling our
jewel in Brazil

In April 2022, Hochschild acquired the

Mara Rosa project, located in the mining-
friendly jurisdiction of Goias State, Brazil.
This high-quality asset plays to the
Company's strengths as a South American
precious metals specialist. Following almost
two years of construction, first gold pour was
achieved in February 2024 and Mara Rosa
achieved commercial production in May.

Mara Rosa demonstrates our ability to
develop and operate high-quality, low-cost
assets in mining-friendly jurisdictions.

As the Company's first Brazilian asset,
located only 350km from Brasilia, Mara Rosa
benefits from excellent local infrastructure
and connection to the national power grid.

The Mara Rosa team was pleased to
host a group of analysts and investors
at the site in October 2024 to showcase
the progress made so far, and the
opportunities ahead.

6 —_ HOCHSCHILD MINING PLC

@ Brgsilia

Powered by renewables

The solar plant at Mara Rosa,
constructed in partnership with Solatio
Energia, will supply renewable energy
for Mara Rosa's operations. All energy
to be produced by the solar plant is.
fed into the National Interconnected
System, offsetting the total volume of
energy consumed by the operations in
Mara Rosa and supporting Hochschild’s
commitment to minimising its
environmental footprint.

Growth potential

With an initial mine life of 10 years and
strong geological potential, Mara Rosa is
a long-term component in Hochschild’'s
continued growth and value creation
strategy. Production has ramped up
fully and we expect to deliver 94,000 —
104,000 ounces of gold in 2025.

® READ MORE
‘about Mara Rosa on page 38

HI TTT

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FURTHER INFORMATION

Site visit

Analysts and investors attended a
site visit at Mara Rosa in October
2024, seeing in person the progress
that has been made at the asset
and the clear opportunities for
significant growth in the future.

TIMELINE Driving GDP in Goias 1 400
Local communities in T

November 2021 Goias, a mining-friendly

‘il Pn . LOCAL WORKERS TRAINED
Announcement of Amarillo jurisdiction just 350km from >
Gold cequisition with measured Brasilia, have been critical

ond inferred resource of inthe development of 81
Mara Rosa, with Hochschild %
2022 investing significantly in OF MARA ROSA EMPLOYEES ARE FROM GOIAS
Environmental permits obtained, local procurement for
‘commencement of various the mine to date.
workstreams including £SG 4
programmes, powerline construction, %
processing plant construction

OF MARA ROSA EMPLOYEES FROM NEARBY

Work on reservoir completed CITIES OF MARA ROSA AND AMARALINA

May 2023
Detailed engineering work
reached 99% completion

July 2023
Total project progress reached
88% completion

October 2023
Solar plant construction began in
partnership with Solatio Energia

December 2023
Construction of dry stack completed

February 2024
Operating License received
from environmental agency

of Goias (SEMAD)

20 February 2024 Mara Rosa Control Room
First gold pour State-of-the-art operation

13 May 2024 monitoring systems ensure

safe working conditions and

Commercial production achieved orking cc
maximise efficiency.

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 7

SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM

An experienced team
implementing our strategy

Eduardo Landin
Chief Executive Officer

Eduardo Landin was appointed CEO on 26 August 2023. Eduardo previously
served as Hochschild’s COO for over 10 years.

He joined the Group in January 2008 as General Manager of the
Company's operations in Argentina. In 2011 he became General Manager of
Projects with direct responsibility over the development of the Inmaculada
and Crespo Advanced Projects. Before joining Hochschild, Eduordo held
the position of Corporate Development Manager at Cementos Pacasmoyo
and, prior to that, he worked in the Peruvian Ministry of Energy and Mines.
Eduardo began his career at Repsol S.A. where he worked for over 10 years
in England, Spain and Peru. Eduardo is a Chartered Mechanical Engineer
‘and holds a BEng (Honours) in Mechanical Engineering from Imperial
College, London and an Executive MBA from the Universidad de Piura,
Peru. He is a Fellow of the British Institution of Mechanical Engineers.

Eduardo Noriega
Chief Financial Officer

Eduardo Noriega was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Hochschild
Mining on 10 December 2021 having joined the Company in March 2007.
Eduardo previously served as Head of Group Finance with responsibility
for financial planning and controls, treasury, corporate finance, tax and
‘accounting, Prior to joining Hochschild, Eduardo worked in various finance
roles for Dell Inc, Union de Cervecerias Peruana Backus & Johnston

and Del Mar Fishing Company. Eduardo is a graduote in Business
Administration from Universidad del Pacifico and holds an MBA from the
University of Texas.

Rodrigo Nunes
Chief Operating Officer

Rodrigo Nunes was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Hochschild
Mining in August 2023 having joined the Company in 2021 as Corporate
Director, Technical Services & Projects, covering the Company's operations,
development projects and M&A efforts globally. Prior to that, he was Vice
President of Mining for Optimize Group, a consulting engineering company
based in Toronto, Rodrigo also held key technical and leadership roles in
global mining companies including Yamana Gold, Vale and ArcelorMittal
He holds a Mining Engineering degree from the Universidade Federal de
Minas Gerais, an MBA, Project Management degree from the Fundacao
Getulio Vargas and a Master of Science, Mining and Mineral Engineering
degree from the Universidade de Sao Paulo.

8 __ HOCHSCHILD MINING PLC

STRATEGIC REPORT

GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. FURTHER INFORMATION

Oscar Garcia
Vice President, Brownfield Exploration

Oscar Garcia was promoted to the position of VP, Brownfield Exploration on
1 January 2019 having joined Hochschild Mining in 2007 as an Ore Control
geologist. He has previously worked at Hochschild as Corporate Manager
for Underground Geology, Ore Control and Brownfield Exploration. Prior to
Hochschild Mining, Oscar worked as a geologist at Barrick Gold, Lonrho
Mining Group and Compania Minera Aguilar. Oscar qualified as a geologist
at the Universidad Nacional de Cordoba in 1981.

Jose Enrique Frias
Vice President, Legal & Public Affairs

Jose Enrique Frias joined Hochschild Mining as Vice President of Legal and
Public Affairs in June 2024. Previously, he was Corporate Legal Manager
‘and Associate General Counsel at Grupo Intercorp, a Peruvian business
conglomerate with regional reach and investments in the financial, retail,
and education sectors. Jose Enrique has also worked at law firms such as
Miranda & Amado (Peru) and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett (New York). He
holds a law degree from the Pontificia Universidad Catolica del Peru and
‘an LLM from Columbia University.

Eduardo Villar
Vice President, People & Corporate Affairs

Eduardo Villar has been with the Group since 1996. Prior to his current
position, he served as Human Resources Manager, Deputy HR Manager
and Legal Counsel. Eduardo holds a law degree from the Universidad de
Lima and an MBA from the Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas. In
addition, Eduardo has postgraduate qualifications in Business from IESE
Business School and Harvard Business School and in Human Resources
from London Business School and the University of Michigan.

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 9

MARKET REVIEW

Our markets and
their key drivers

Hochschild is subject to external market dynamics
associated with the precious metals industry that inform
decision-making and influence our business performance.

Gold and silver prices in 2024 (indexed)

140

130

120

no

YOO a
90

80
Jan 24 Feb24 Mar 24 Apr 24 May 24 Jun 24 Jul 24 Aug 24

— Gold (NYM $/ozt) Continuous (GCO0-USA) — Silver (NYM $/ozt) Continuous (SIO0-USA)

Source: Nasdaq

10 —__ HOCHSCHILD MINING PLO

IAAT

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FURTHER INFORMATION

Gold

The gold price ended 2024 at $2,641/oz,
another record high year-end close and
increasing by 27% year-on year.

$2,641/oz

2024 YEAR-END PRICE

The average 2024 gold price of $2,406/oz —
also a record - was 23% higher than 2023.

+23%

AVERAGE PRICE VERSUS 2023

Silver
The silver price ended 2024 at $29.2/oz which

eee is a 21% increase on the 2023 closing price.

$29 2/oz

2024 YEAR-END PRICE

The average 2024 silver price of $28.5/0z
was also 21% higher than 2023.

+21%

AVERAGE PRICE VERSUS 2023
Sep 24 Oct 24 Nov 24 Dec 24

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 11

2024 was a year featuring significant
global economic shifts and geopolitical
uncertainties and gold was one of the
top performers amongst most asset
classes, outperforming stocks, bonds,
and other commodities.

Summary Average 2024 price

Gold is a precious metal bought by people
across the world for different reasons, often
influence: d by socio-cultural factors, market / /oz

conditions, and macro-economic drivers in
their country.

Supply

ee

Mina production Reorcied gold

Demand

.

Central banks
23%

pons

INA

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE

After starting the year at around $2,070 per ounce, the precious
metal delivered a 27% return that was better than both

equity and fixed-income investments. Despite a tough stort
that saw prices dip to the $2,000 level in mid-February, gold
demonstrated remarkable resilience. The precious metal not
only recovered but surged to reach a historic high of $2,800 in
October, before settling around $2,650 in December. Three key
factors have driven this performance in 2024. First, persistent
inflation concerns, particularly in emerging markets, have
reinforced golds role as a hedge against currency devaluation.
Second, central banks have continued to be strong buyers,

with record purchases reflecting o potential long-term shift
away from the US. dollar. Finally, the US. Federal Reserve's pivot
toward rate cuts has made non-vielding assets like gold more
attractive compared to fixed-income investments,

Total gold demand rose to a record annual total of 4,974t.
Central banks continued their very strong purchases,
exceeding 1,000t for the third year in a row. Annual investment
reached a four-year high of 1180t (+25%) and gold Exchange
Traded Funds (ETF) had a sizeable impact with 2024 being
the first year since 2020 in which holdings were essentially
unchanged. Full-year bar/coin demand was in line with 2023
at 1,186t although the composition shifted as bar investment
grew and coin buying reduced. Annual technology demand
grew by 21t (+7%) in 2024, largely driven by continued growth
in Al adoption. Conversely, gold jewellery demand declined -
annual consumption dropped 11% to 1877t as consumers could
only afford to buy in lower quantities although spend on gold
jewellery did rise 9% to $144bn.

Annual gold investment grew 25% - the strongest annual
growth rate since 2020 and was concentrated in the second
half of the year as rate cuts, geopolitical uncertainty and gold’s
price performance attracted inflows into gold ETFs. After
sinking to a four-year low of 3,080t in April, global holdings
recovered throughout the remainder of 2024, ending the year
very close to where they had started.

Total gold supply in 2024 increased 1% to 4,974t, driven by
higher mine production and recycling supply. Potentially,
2024 mine production may have reached an all-time high of
3,661t although this estimate may be revised at a later date.
Early estimates also suggest that hedging fell during the
year as companies delivered into maturing contracts

and bought back some longer-dated hedges.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

FURTHER INFORMATION

Possible drivers
for gold in 2025

Central bank purchases are expected to remain a
consistent source of gold demand.

Additional demand could come from investors
seeking o hedge against still-high inflation or higher-
risk investment in Alas well as further demand from
Chinese investors capitalising on Chino’s continued
economic downturn and the government's expressed
desire to depreciate the Renminbi.

Areduction in geopolitical risk, which could lower
investment appetite for gold as a crisis hedge. For
example, the suggestion of a possible deal between
Russia and Ukraine could lead to gold seeing less “safe
haven" demand in 2028.

The new Trump administration policies are not

totally fixed, but tariffs are expected to ratchet up
and the federal deficit is going to continue to widen
significantly - both these being inherently inflationary
which could increase investor appetite for gold

Sources: World Gold Council, Metals Focus

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 13

IA TT

STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE

Silver prices were very strong in 2024, with the silver spot price
increasing 21%, climbing from $241 to $29.2 per ounce and
reaching a twelve-year high in October 2024 at almost $35 per
ounce. Several key factors helped silver in 2024, including strong
industrial demand in the face of persistent supply deficits and
increased investment interest amid economic uncertainty in
line with the performance of gold.

The global silver market is expected to have recorded a
physical deficit for the fourth consecutive year. Record
industrial demand and a recovery in jewellery/silverware will
have lifted demand to approximately 1.2 billion ounces, while
mine supply will have risen by just 1%. Physical investment is the
only key demand component to post a material decline whilst
industrial demand is forecast to have risen by 7% to surpass
700 million ounces for the first time.

Increased demand is also expected to have come from
automotives, as silver benefits from the rising electrification

of powertrains and ongoing investments in charging
infrastructure. While a tough global macroeconomic backdrop
has weighed on sales of consumer electronics, the rapid
adoption of Ai technology has resulted in a growing need for
technological upgrades, replacements and new infrastructure
investment, assisting silver demand.

Silver jewellery and silverware are both projected to have risen
by 5% in 2024. For each segment, India has been key, with
particularly strong sales between July and September when the
import duty cut coincided with a pullback in the silver price.

Physical investment is forecast to fall by 15% to a four-year
low of 208 million ounces with losses mostly in the US where
coin/bar sales could decline by 40% to their lowest level since
2019. This may be due to the absence of a major new political
crisis in 2024 which affected precious metal retail investment
across the board. ETF products are on track for their first
annual inflows in three years with reasons given being the
expectations of US rate cuts, periods of dollar weakness and
falling yields which raised silver's investment appeal.

On the 2024 supply side, mined silver production is estimated to
have risen by 1% to 837 million ounces with growth from Mexico,
Chile and the US expected to have offset lower output from
Peru, Argentina and China. Production from Mexico is forecast
to increase by 10 million ounces to 209 million ounces, driven

by Pan American Silver's La Colorada operation as well as

a recovery from Newmont's Penasquito mine.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FURTHER INFORMATION:

Possible drivers
for silver in 2025

Concerns about President Trump's tariffs may
continue to fuel short covering and deliveries of silver
into Chicago Mercantile Exchange warehouses as has
been the case since late last year. Along with rising
economic and geopolitical uncertainties this could
continue to underpin the healthy recovery in the

price since the start of 2025.

Global silver demand is expected to remain broadly
stable in 202S at 12 billion ounces, as gains in industrial
applications and retail investment will be mitigated

by weaker jewellery/silverware demand.

Total global silver supply is forecast to grow by

3% in 2025 to an 11-year high of 105 billion ounces.
Silver mine production is expected to rise by 2% to
844 million ounces. In China, growth will come from
base metal and gold operations, whilst the ongoing
ramp-up of Hecla’s Keno Hill (Canada), Gold Fields’
Salares Norte (Chile) and Aya Gold and Silver's
Zgounder (Morocco) will contribute to rising output.

The silver market is forecast to remain in a deficit
in 2025 for the fifth year running.

Sources: Silver Institute, Metals Focus

ANNUAL REPORT 2024 __ 15