HOCHSCHILD ="

BEYOND MINING

- Focused on the
~ core business

Company Number: 05777693

funn

SRRAL
16/20;
\NIES

cl SE

HOCHSCHILD MINING PLC

About us

Hochschild Mining PLC is a leading precious metals
company listed on the London Stock Exchange with

@ primary focus on the exploration, mining, processing
and sole of silver and gold. Hochschild has 60 yeors of
experience in the mining of precious metal epithermal
vein deposits and currently operates two underground
epithermal véin mines, one located in southern Peru and
‘one in southern Argentina as well as the Mara Rosa open
pit mine in-Brazil. It also has numerous long-term projects

throughout the Americos.

Strategic Report

O1-
99

Feotures

+ Afocus on the core 2

+ Abright future 4
Ata glance 8
Market review 10
Chair's statement. 16
Chief executive officerQ&A 18
Chief executive officer's
statement 22
Senior leadership team 24
Our business model 26
Our strategy 28

Key Performance indicators 30
Oper iew

Financial review 40
Stokeholderengagement 48
Sustainability report 52
Climate-related Financial

Disclosures 76

isk Management 90
ability Statement 7

Governance Board of directors 100
Directors’ Report 102
1 O O Corporate Governance
—_ Report 104
Directors’ Remuneration
Report 123
1 4 9 Supplementary Information 145
Statement of Directors’

responsibilities 149

Financial Statements

15QO—
— 226

Independent Auditor's
Report 150
Consolidated income
statement 157

Consolidated statement
of comprehensive income _157

Consolidated statement

of financial position 188
Consolidated statement
of cash flows 159

Consolidated statement

of changes in equi 160
Notes to the consolidated
financial statements 161
Parent company statement

of financial position 215
Parent company statement

of cash flows 216
Parent company statement

of changes in equity 217
Notes to the parent company
financial statements 218

Focused on the
core business

Hochschild is focused on responsible
development at all our core mines
and projects across the Americas.

We always prioritise value creation for
every stakeholder and a key part of
the Company’s ethos has been strong
relationships with our communities
throughout the mining life cycle.

Profit by operation 227
Reserves and resources 228
Shareholder information 231

Further Information

22 /—
231

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 1

£
g

FEATURE

A focus on the core

Long-term
ommitment
to Peru

Modified
environmental
permit approved
for 20 years

In August 2023, the Peruvian
government approved Inmaculada’s
Modified Environmental Impact
. Assessment. With this welcome step,
the Company is now in an excellent
position to optimise the mine and
unlock its impressive geological
potential, complete construction

of our new Mara Rosa operation

in Brazil and odvance the new
Royropata discovery at Pallancata.

The permitting teams worked for
four years on the project with the
result that Inmaculada will remain a
key part of Hochschild’s portfolio for
many years to come. The extension
reoffirms our commitment to our
stakeholders in the Ayacucho region
‘and its communities as well as to
Peru overall.

© READ MORE

Operating review
page 34

2 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Our flagship operation

Located in the Ayacucho region in
southern Peru, we have been operating
the Inmaculada underground operation
for almost nine years and there are
significant areas still to be explored.

Production over the next few years is expected to be around
200,000 gold equivalent ounces per annum whilst costs are
forecast to peak in 2024 before falling thereafter. The permit
approval allows access to high grade resources as well as a
large land package covering some 262 hectares and a new
brownfield programme has recently started with the aim of
increasing the resource quantity and quality. We are currently
targeting zones to the north of the deposit’s original Angela
vein along the so-called Eduardo belt.

Government
support for mining

The current Peruvian
government has made mining
investment a priority and, over
the last year, pursued a series
of initiatives to actively promote
the Peruvian mining industry.
This has included: high-level
government delegations being
sent to key mining conferences;
strengthening of the
government's “Delivery Unit”

in the Ministry of Economy

& Finance to guide project
permitting; and approval of
critical permits for key mining
projects such as Zofranal (Teck
Resources), Inmaculada and
Toromocho (Chinalco).

Further initiatives have also

been launched to streamline

the country’s overall permitting

process such as:

~ Prime Minister-led
commission launched
to facilitate investment
projects in key sectors,
including mining

~ Single permitting platform
established for mining permits

- Simplification of
environmental permitting
‘ond the process of
indigenous prior consultation
for exploration projects

204k

AUEQ PRODUCTION IN 2023

11 mt

‘TOTAL ANNUAL THROUGHPUT

A1 g/t

AVERAGE GOLD GRADE

17 /oyt

AVERAGE SILVER GRADE

ESG projects

Environment

To fully embed our
Environmental Culture
Transformation Programme
into our everyday operations,
we invite employees, across
all levels, to be part of our
Environmental Ambassador
Programme. Our ambassadors
serve as catalysts,
accelerating the impact of
the transformation process.

Employment

We have worked to strengthen
our social engagement
strategy and find meaningful
ways of supporting our local
communities. In Peru, for
example, this included
increasing local employment
and procurement, supporting
local governments with public
infrastructure, and positively
engaging local communities
through educational, health
‘and digital connectivity
programmes.

Education

The “Aprender para Triunfar"
programme provides
academic and entrepreneurial
support to primary ond
secondary school students,
parents and teachers. Since
2012, over 300 students have
benefited each year from this
educational programme.

Health

Our Ccalaccapcha medical
campaign was held in Q4 2023
and provided the population of
the Ccalaccapcha community
and surrounding areas with
comprehensive care. The Cora
Cora Health Network and the
Pausa Micro-Network along
with our Inmaculade mine
team, provided a total of 21
specialists for the compaign as
well as equipment and supplies

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 3

H
g

FEATURE

A bright future

Mara Rosa |

project
completi

Mara Rosa is an open pit gold project
located in the mining friendly jurisdiction
of Goids State in Brazil. The brownfield
project benefits from existing
infrastructure and attractive costs.

In 2023, we made excellent progress in advancing construction
of the new mine to completion so that in Q1 2024, we were able
to deliver first gold pour and are on track to meet our production
forecast for the year of between 83,000 and 93,000 ounces

of gold

The purchase of this asset aligned with our core strengths .
and long-term strategy of acquiring and optimising
development stage projects in the Americas ond was the result
of a long-term Company review process of a wide range of
growth opportunities. The addition of Mara Rosa increased our
reserves by 78%, is expected to increase our overall production
by 34% and, with its forecast low operating costs, is also © Reapmore

expected to reduce Hochschild’s group all-in-sustaining cost. Operating review

The project has benefited from a complementary ESG-led
approach with strong local community and government support
ond we hove continued thot focus during 2023. In August,
Hochschild announced a partnership with Solatio Energia

(a photovoltaic sector specialist) to implement a solor energy
project that will supply renewable energy for 100% of the Mara
Rosa Project's operations. All production from the new solar
plant will be fed into the National Interconnected System (SIN),
offsetting the total volume of energy consumed by the
operations in Mora Rosa. Construction work on the new solar
plant began in October 2023, and production is scheduled to
begin in January 2025.

Hochschild’s health and safety corporate standards have
also been being implemented, including the introduction of
the Company's “Seguscore” safety indicator. The project has
completed approximately five million hours without loss time
accident. Frequency and severity indices for 2023 were 0.54
‘and 2, respectively, both better than our corporate goals

4 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Attractive
long-life asset

Aligned with our core strengths
and long-term strategy
Amid-sized project ino mining
friendly jurisdiction which has
economic stability, excellent
local infrastructure and a
wealth of experienced local
talent os well os o friendly
community who recognise

the project benefits.

Exploration

Hochschild is initiating o
near-mine exploration
programme which is aiming to
add another 1 million ounces
of gold resources by 2030.
During 2024, we are expecting
to drill three targets including
the Posse, Martinho and
Caxias shear zones

S2-
10502 Au 23.8mt

ANNUAL PRODUCTION

PEP RESERVES

Complementary
ESG-led approach

Strong local community
engagement

The Knowledge Trail is on
environmental and heritage
education project developed
by Hochschild and aimed ot
the communities of Mara Rosa,
Amarolina and the region. The
project is dedicated to Science,
Culture and Educetion, with
the aims of disseminating
scientific knowledge, raising
environmental awareness

‘and valuing the region's
cultural heritage

Government support
Mining is permitted and
regulated ot the state level
and the project hos received
strong levels of support from
all key departments of the
Goids State. All permits have
been granted on time and this
government approach is key
to the ability of the Company
to bring the project in on time
and on budget.

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

z
g

FEATURE

A bright future
An asset
renewed

© READ MoRE

Operating review
page 36

Significant exploration potential

Royropata zone

Project metrics

Estimated production start

2027

| Average annual production

4. | _100koz AYE

Initial capex

$55-65m

y Average AISC (per AuEqoz) * .. tol te

$1,000-1,100

Pre-tox IRR

45-55%

In 2022, the brownfield exploration team
made a significant discovery close to
Pallancata, within the Royropata zone.

Although it is outside the permitted areo and will require
approximately three years to receive the necessary government
approvals, the size of the resource is already over 700,000 gold
equivalent ounces with significant exploration upside. We are
confident that this new zone will be the future of mining in the
area in the medium to long term, despite the recent necessity
to place Pallancota on temporary care and maintenance.

The area is located in the Ayacucho region in southern Peru,
in Hochschild and we believe that the Modified Environmental
Impact Statement process should be less complex than the
Inmaculada permit. The existing Peruvian government has
been promoting the mining industry and has targeted the
streamlining of the permitting process across the industry. In
addition, the Royropata zone has a much-reduced scope than
the one covering Inmaculada and Hochschild has implemented
a number of initiatives to aid the process still further. These
include: the appointment of an overall steering committee to
manage the process; the selection of a single company for

the engineering and environmental work; and continued
independent peer group review to ensure quality control.

The existing discovery of 700,000 ounces is expected to
continue to grow with the Company targeting o doubling of
resources of similar quality. The key metrics for the existing
resources are detailed on this page, to the right.

Resources

3/162

TONNES

19

AU GRAMS PER TONNE

O15

AG GRAMS PER TONNE

700

AUKOZ

o

AVERAGE WIDTH (METRES?

Hochschild Mining PLC Annuol Report & Accounts 2023

AT A GLANCE

Responsible mining
in Latin America

TT
Where we operate

Mining operations

Hochschild operates two
underground epithermal
deposits, one of which is
located in the southwest of
Peru and one in the southern
Argentinian province of
Santa Cruz. It also operates
a recently commissioned
open-pit mine in the Goiés
State in Brazil

Operations

@ Inmaculada (Peru)
@ Son Jose (Argentina)
© Mora Rosa (Brazil)

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Project pipeline
Hochschild currently hos o
number of projects in Peru
and Chile. These include an
Advanced Project, former
operations that still have
strong geological potential
through to our early stage
opportunities and regional
targets close to our
current mines,

Development Projects

@ Royropata (Peru)
@ Volcan (Chile)

Exploration Projects
© Ares (Peru)

@ Arcata (Peru)

@ Azuca (Peru)

Who we are

We are a leading underground precious
metals company, focusing on the
exploration, mining, processing and
sale of gold and silver in the Americas.

|
Our business in numbers

Peru 3,982 employees (incl. contractors)
$75.8m wages paid
$5.8m taxes and royalties

$51.4m local procurement spend

Argentina 4,764 employees (incl. contractors)
$71.1m wages paid
$Nil taxes and royalties

$45.4m local procurement spend

2,382 employees (incl. contractors)
$3.2m woges paid

$Nil taxes and royalties

$59.2m local procurement spend

95m OZ

SILVER PRODUCTIONIN 2023

186 Oz

GOLD PRODUCTIONIN 2023

Brazil

© READ MoRE

Operating review
page 33

a
Our purpose

Responsible and innovative mining
committed to a better world.

Our values

— Innovation

— Inspiring others

— Recognising talent

— Seeking efficiencies

— Demonstrating responsibility

SS
Our commitment to sustainability

Our commitment to sustainability
underlies how we operate as a business;
it shapes our culture and how we work

in our teams day-to-day. It shapes our
relationships with our communities,
sub-contractors and local governments,
and it underpins how we interact with the
environment and the physical landscape
in which we operate.

© READ MoRE

Sustainability report
page 52

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 9

Cera

MARKET REVIEW

Working in changing markets

Hochschild is subject to external market dynamics associated with the
precious metals industry that inform decision-making and influence
our business performance. In addition, our operations, located in Peru
and Argentina, are exposed to changing country-specific factors that
can impact our business.

Gold and silver prices in 2023 (indexed)

115
110
105
100
95

90

85

80

Jan 23 Feb 23 Mar 23 Apr 23 May 23 Jun 23 Jul 23 Au

@ Silver (NYM $/ozt) Continuous (SIO0-USA) @ Gold (NYM $/ozt) Continuous (GCO0-USA)

10 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

© READ MORE

Our strategy
page 28 q
© READ MORE q
Operating review q
page 33
<
€
e !
Silver
The silver price ended 2023 The average 2023 silver z
ot US$24.1/oz which was flat _ price of US$2355 /oz - é
‘on the 2022 closing price. was 8% higher than 2022. £
: 9
¢24 /oz +8 %

2023 YEAR-END PRICE AVERAGE PRICE VERSUS 2022

Gold

The gold price ended 2023 at The average 2023 gold
+ US$2,072/oz - a record high price of US$1,955 /oz —

‘year-end close - generating also a record - wos 8%
an annual return of 13%. higher than 2022.
Sep 23 Oct 23 Nov23 Dec 23 . g2,.072 /oz 10%

"2023 YEAR-END PRICE AVERAGE PRICE VERSUS 2022

|
.
¢

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 n

MARKET REVIEW
CONTINUED

old

Gold experienced a strong year with its performance
controlled by the ongoing reaction to war in Ukraine
and latterly in the Middle East and the ebb and flow
of US interest rate expectations, the US economy
and therefore its impact on the US dollar.

Average 2023 price

Summary Gold is a precious metal bought -

by people across the world

for different reasons, often /oz
influenced by socio-cultural /
factors, market conditions, :

and macro-economic drivers
in their country.

2 Hochschild Mining PLC Annuol Report & Accounts 2023

The price rose early in the year to a high of around $1,950

an ounce but as interest rates reduced, expectations were
tempered by strong US dete in February, the price fell to just
over $1,800. However, with worries over the health of US banks,
the price rallied in April to a level of over $2,000 per ounce
before falling sharply in September ond early October due to
the acceleration of US retail inflation, which raised the odds
for another rate hike, The price then rallied to all-time highs in
December as geopolitical risk increased due to the war in the
Middle East as well as rising expectations of US interest rate
cuts in 2024, The gold price ended the year close to highs at
$2,072 with the 2023 average ot approximately $1,955, an 8%
rise on 2022

Annual gold demand of 4,448t wos % below a very strong 2022
Inclusive of significant OTC and stock flows (398t), total gold
demand in 2023 was the highest on record at 4,899t. Central
bank buying was strongly maintained during the year with
annual net purchases of 1,037t almost matching the 2022
record, falling just 4St short. Global gold ETFs saw a third
consecutive annual outflow, losing 244t although the pace of
outflows slowed markedly into year-end, but October's hefty
outflows dominated the Q4 picture.

Annual bar and coin investment saw a mild contraction (-3% y/y)
as divergent trends in key Western and Eastern markets offset
one another. On the other hand, annual jewellery consumption
held steady at 2,093t, even in the very high gold price
environment with Chino's recovery supporting the robust global
total. Finally, despite o Q4 recovery in electronics, the annual
volume of gold used in technology fell below 300t for the first
recorded time.

Full-year global investment demand (the sum of bars, coins

and ETFs) was the lowest since 2014. Gold ETFs contributed

to much of the decline, as global outflows continued. However,
thanks to a positive gold price performance, global assets under
management in these products grew by 6% in US dollar terms.
Bar and coin investment moderated as a sharp decline in
Europe (largely due to rising interest rates and the cost-of-living
crisis) outweighed strong growth in China and Turkey.

Total supply in 2023 increased by 3%, the second successive
year of modest increases. Annual production of 3,644t was
the highest since 2018 as major production disruptions were
generally absent. Higher gold prices prompted a 9% gain in
recycling, to 1,237t. Early estimates suggest a small increase
in outstanding producer hedge books (eg. Hochschild) but the
large amount of positions due to maturing in Q4 2023 mean
there is lower than usual confidence about the end-of-year
position for the gold mining industry.

| Possible drivers for gold in 2024

Total investment is likely to be higher in 2024 but, much of this
demand could come from the less visible OTC segment. Early
weakness in gold ETFs could see a turnaround by mid-year,
aided by anticipated rate cuts and continued geopolitical risk.

.| Bar and coin demand is likely to stay healthy and in line with

the 10-year average, as Chinese and Indian demand strength
offsets European weakness.

entral banks are expected to keep buying, in excess of the
pre-2022 annual average of around S00t. They almost matched
“their 2022 total last year and the expectation is for another solid
-yeor of buying, albeit lower than 2023.

-,| Jewellery demand may struggle to remain high, as economic

slowdowns and high gold prices start to bite whilst technology
‘demand is expected to benefit from strong positive guidance
‘on semiconductors and from Al fever.

|" Total supply is expected to rise with planned expansions/
higher grades taking primary production to new highs. Global
“economic resilience should help contain volumes although many
economies are set to slow further.

sree: World Gold Council, Metals Focus

” Hochschild Mining PLC Annuol Report & Accounts 2023 13

tania Tarrant

é
¢

Geo

MARKET REVIEW
CONTINUED

Silver has tended to perform in line with gold
demonstrating its store-of-value characteristics
although with over 50% of silver demand coming
from industrial uses, the metal can also move

with other industrial metals in line with global
growth expectations.

Average 2023 price *

Summary Silver is known for its lustrous
appearance, malleability,
and conductivity and has /oz
been prized for centuries °
in jewellery, currency, and :
industrial applications. With a
rich history tied to wealth and
craftsmanship, silver plays
a vital role in various sectors,
from technology to medicine.

14 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

This might account for the silver price movements in 2023 being
highly volatile, trading between just over $20 per ounce in March
but jumping by some 30% to $26 by early May as worries over
the US banks caused both silver (and gold) to recover strongly.
Moving with gold throughout the remainder of the year, the silver
rise fell in October on worries over the war in the Middle East
before recovering by the end of December to be virtually flat

on the year. The average for the year was approximately

$23.5 per ounce.

Overall, despite weaker demand and a slight drop in total supply,
the global silver market is forecast to see another sizeable physical
deficit in 2023, marking the third consecutive year of an annual
deficit. At 140 million ounces, this will be 45% lower than 2022's
all-time high, but this is still elevated by historical standards.

Industrial demand in 2023 is expected to be o new annual high,
Key drivers in this growth are being driven by a strong green
economy, including investment in photovoltaics (PV), power
grids and SG networks, as well as increased use of automotive
electronics and supporting infrastructure. Improvements in PV
were particularly noticeable as the increase in cell production
exceeded silver thrifting, which helped drive electronics and
electrical demand higher.

Silver jewellery and silverware demand have fallen by 22% and
47%, respectively, to 182m oz and 39m oz in 2023. Losses are led
by India, where full-year demand is expected to have normalised
after a surge in 2022. Excluding India, global jewellery demand is
expected to have edged slightly higher in 2023, while silverware
will fall by 12%. :

Physical investment in 2023 is projected to have fallen by
21% to a three-year low of 263m oz. While most markets have
seen weaker volumes, losses have been concentrated in India
and Germany. US investment hos also turned lower, but only
modestly, thanks to buoyant safe-haven demand following the
regional banking crisis. The resilience of the US market helps
explain why the global total has stayed historically high.

Like gold, silver ETFs are forecast to have recorded net outflows
for the second year in a row. As was the case in 2022, the bulk of
year-to-date redemptions reflect continued monetary tightening
and its consequential boost to yields, especially in real terms.
However, the decline in holdings in 2023 is expected to be lower

at 40m oz in 2023, roughly a third of 2022's record outflows. n

In 2023, global mined silver production is expected to have fallen
by 2% year-on-year to 820m 02, driven by lower output from
operations in Mexico and Peru (e.g. Pallancata). Even so, overall
production from primary silver mines will still rise this year, driven
by the expected ramp-up at the Juanicipio mine. Silver output

from lead/zinc mines will also increase as Udokan in Russio comes.

‘on-stream.

Possible drivers for silver in 2024

‘Global silver demand is forecast to reach 1.2 billion ounces in 2024,
thé,second-highest level recorded, With stronger industrial offtake
the principal catalyst.

-| US interest rate cuts appear less likely in the very short term so

investment in precious metals could be under pressure. This should
change in the second half of the year, the economic backdrop is
expected to turn more favourable to silver investment when the

_|'US Fed may begin cutting rates.

Global silver demand is expected to rise 1%, pushed higher by the
“continued strength of industrial end-uses and a recovery in jewellery
ond silverware demand.

.| Total global silver supply is forecast to grow by 3% in 2024 toan

eight-year high of 1.02 billion ounces, entirely led by a recovery
output although this growth is reliant on undisrupted

. | operations at the major mines as well as commissioning at

Polymetal's Prognoz silver mine in Russia, the start-up of Gold Field's
Salgres Norte gold mine in Chile, and the continued ramp-up of
operations at Coeur's Rochester expansion project in the US.

+1 Source: Silver Institute, Metals Focus

Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 15

£
¢

CHAIR’S STATEMENT

Another important year
for strategic development

el
Eduardo Hochschild
Company Chair

I am proud and humbled by the
efforts of management and all
across the business for achieving
our best safety performance in
the Company’s history.

16 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

2023 has proved to be a momentous year for Hochschild Mining.
We are proud of the significant progress we have made in the
execution of our strategy which has included securing
Inmaculodo’s Modified Environmental Impact Assessment
(EIA) in August anid the recent completion of our first mine
in Brazil. | am also delighted with the appointment of Eduardo
Landin os our new CEO and believe we will be able to count on
his experience and leadership qualities. We believe thot the
Company hos reachéd an inflection point, with strong
momentum in the business. Furthermore, this is supported by
‘our ongoing drive to ensure our people feel safe, empowered
‘ond respected thereby creating o work environment where
everyone can be at their best.

On the subject of making people feel sofe,|am proud and
humbled by the efforts of management and all across the
business for achieving our best safety performance in the
Company's history. Our key performance indicators objectively
demonstrate that our safety initiatives - all implemented as
port of our Sofety Culture Transformation Plan, are successfully
embedding a sofety-first culture. We cannot use this os 0
reason to be complacent, and so we will continue to work on
maintaining our focus on achieving our strategic goals without
compromising the safety of our people.

The Company's commitment to managing its environmental
impact has also been clearly evident during 2023. 1am pleased
to report that, during the year, Hochschild became the first
mining company in Peru to secure a green loan. This innovative
form of financing sees interest costs adjusted according to

the Company's environmental performance on three ESG
indicators: safety frequency index, fresh water consumption and
waste disposal. It is therefore particularly gratifying to note that
the Company's overall ECO Score for 2023 was the highest since
its implementation in 2015 reflecting, most notably, our highest
level of efficiency in terms of water consumption and waste
production, The yer also sow the setting of our 2030 ambitions
in the area of ESG (Environmental, Social ond Governance) and
which, with respect to our greenhouse gos emissions, will see us
‘on our way to achieving Net Zero by 2050.

In acknowledgement of our social licence to operate, our
community programmes during the year focused on digital
inclusion, health and nutrition, education and the promotion

of socio-economic development. Examples of the education
programmes organised by Hochschild include the delivery of
technical skills’ training through the digital centres established os
port of the Future Connection initiative. In addition, we have held
healthcare campaigns in conjunction with local authorities in
remote communities close to the Inmaculada mine, as well as
providing healthcare services as part of our “Always Healthy”
programme. In seeking to promote socio-economic development,
the Co

---

acing the operation in care & maintenance; and the impairment
of the investment in Aclara Resources Inc. of $7.2 million, The net
ofter-tax effect of exceptional items is a loss of $69.5 million.

Outlook”
-We expect attributable production in 2024 of between

‘| 343,000=360,000 gold equivalent ounces. This will be driven

by: 200,000-205,000 gold equivalent ounces from Inmaculado;
an‘ottributable contribution of 60,000-62,000 gold equivalent
“ounces from San Jose; and first production from the new
“Mara Rosa mine of between 83,000 and 93,000 ounces. All-in

-| sustaining costs for operations are expected at between $1,510

and $1,550 per gold equivalent ounce. This forecast reflects
$45 million of capital expenditure at Inmaculada which were
previously deferred due to the MEIA delay which mostly consists
of the expansion of the tailings dam and the construction of a
reverse osmosis plant

A project capex budget of $10 million has been assigned to
“complete:the Mara Rosa project in the first few months of the
year, whilst the budget for brownfield exploration has recently
been set at approximately $33 million.

-The construction of Mara Rosa and the approval of the

 Inmaculada MEIA have been key milestones for Hochschild
during the yeor. Having been in the role of CEO for over six
“months, | believe we have a compelling investment case based
‘around the next 20 years of our Inmaculade flagship mine,
near-terrf growth from Brazil and Peru and a focus on capital
discipline which includes debt repayment, replenishing our
project pipeline and capital return. 2024 has started with a
much calmer social situation in Peru and we welcome the
government's initiatives to promote mining in Peru worldwide.
A consistent execution of our strategy gives me great confidence
in our.ability to generate long-term value for our shareholders,
partners and stakeholders. In my first Full Year reporting as CEO,
Iwant to be clear: | believe Hochschild is a great company, and
we will constantly aim to ensure we become a great investment
in'a responsible manner.

:| Eduardo Landin

Chief Executive Officer

#12 March 2024

Hochschild’ Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 23

é
i
i
é

g
¢

SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM

A highly skilled and
experienced team

24

Hochschild Mining PLC Annuol Report & Accounts 2023

Eduardo Landin

Chief Executive Officer
Eduardo Landin was
appointed CEO on 26 August
2028. Eduardo previously
served as Hochschild’s COO
for over 10 years.

He joined the Group in January
2008 as General Manager of
the Company's operations in
Argentina. In 2011 he became
Generol Manager of Projects
with direct responsibility over
the development of the
Inmoculada and Crespo
Advanced Projects

Before joining Hochschild,
Eduardo held the position

of Corporate Development
Manager at Cementos
Pacasmayo and, prior to thet,
he worked in the Peruvian
Ministry of Energy ond Mines.

Eduardo began his career at
Repsol S.A. where he worked
for over 10 years in England,
Spain and Peru. Eduardo is
a Chartered Mechanical
Engineer and holds o B.Eng
(Honours) in Mechanical
Engineering from Imperial
College, London and an
Executive MBA from the
Universidad de Piura, Peru.

He is a Fellow of the Institution
of Mechanical Engineers.

Eduardo Noriega

Chief Financial Officer
Eduardo Noriega wos
oppointed Chief Financial
Officer of Hochschild Mining
on 10 December 2021 having
joined the Company in March
2007. Eduardo previously
served as Head of Group
Finonce with responsibility
for financial planning and
controls, treasury, corporate
finance, tex and accounting.
Prior to joining Hochschild,
Eduardo worked in various
finance roles for Dell Inc.,
Union de Cervecerios Peruana
Backus & Johnston and Del
Mar Fishing Company.
Eduardo is o graduate in
Business Administration from
Universidad del Pacifico and
holds an MBA from the
University of Texas.

Rodrigo Nunes

Chief Operating Officer
Rodrigo Nunes was appointed
Chief Operating Officer of
Hochschild Mining in August
2023 having joined the
Company in 2021 as
Corporate Director, Technical
Services & Projects, covering
the Company‘s operations,
development projects and
M&A efforts globally. Prior

to that, he was Vice President
of Mining for Optimize Group,
‘a.consulting engineering
company based in Toronto.
Rodrigo also held key technical
and leadership roles in global
mining companies including
Yamana Gold, Vale and
ArcelorMittal. He holds a
Mining Engineering degree
from the Universidade Federal
de Minas Gerais, an MBA,
Project Management degree
from the Funda¢do Getulio
Vargas and a Master of
Science, Mining and Mineral
Engineering degree from the
Universidade de Séo Paulo.

Oscar Garcia

Vice President,
Brownfield Exploration
Oscar Garcia was promoted, *-
to the position of VP, ”
Brownfield Exploration on
1 January 2019 having joined. *
Hochschild Mining in 2007 ©
as an Ore Control geologist.

He has previously worked 4

at Hochschild os Corporate
Manager for Underground
Geology, Ore Controland - +
Brownfield Exploration. Prior ~
to Hochschild Mining, Oscar
worked as a geologist at
Barrick Gold, Lonrho Mining
Group and Compojia Minera
Aguilar. Oscar qualified asa ,
geologist at the Universidad
Nacional de Cordoba in 1981

José Augusto Palma

| Vice President, Legal

& Corparate Affairs

José Augusto Palma has more
than:14 years of professional
experiénce in the mining sector
arid ha§ served in‘various
Positions in Hochschild.

José hag also been very

active in fhe mining industry
asséciation has served as
President of the Mining Sector

in the Mining, Electricity and

Petroleum Industry Association
of Peru. Before joining
Hochéehild, José had a
successful career in private

: practice in the United States,

wheré:he was a partner at the
law firrr of Swidler Berlin, and
later worked at the World Bank.

|, José clso served two years

in the Government of Peru.
He holds law degrees from
Georgetown University and the
Universidad Iberoamericana

in Mexico.

Eduardo Villar
Vice President,

Human Resources

Eduardo Villar has been with
the Group since 1996. Prior

to his current position, he
served as Human Resources
Manager, Deputy HR Manager
and

---

efinition Performance Outlook

Calculated os profit from Adjusted EBITDA increased by7% Adjusted EBITDA result for 2024

continuing operations before
exceptional items, net finance
costs, foreign exchange loss and
income tox plus depreciation, and
exploration expenses other than
personnel and other exploration
reloted fixed expenses and other
non-cash (income)/expenses.

versus 2022 due to the impact of
the devaluation of the Argentinian
peso and a strong performance
from Inmaculada.

will depend on precious metal
prices and cost and expenses
performance along with the
‘ability of the operations to
operate normally.

BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE

0.02

$ pre-exceptional

Links to strategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:

e000 No Operational performance and
commodity price,

Definition Performance Outlook

The per-share (using the Pre-exceptional earnings per share — Pre-exceptional earnings per

weighted average number remained flat ot $0.02 due tothe share will depend on EBITDA

of shares outstanding for the
period) profit available to equity
shareholders of the Company
from continuing operations
before exceptional items.

30 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

rise in Adjusted EBITDA being
offset by the impact of an FX loss.

performance and the effective
tox rote which may be impacted

if local currencies including the
Peruvian sol and Argentinian peso
continue to depreciate.

Strategic pillars: © READ MORE

@ Brownfield Risk Management Report

@ Operational efficiency pages0

OES

@ Disciplined capital allocation

DIVIDEND PER SHARE Links to strategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:
eo No. ° Operational performance.
Definition Performance _ Outlook

0.0

US cents per share

The per-share (using the weighted
average number of shares
outstanding for the period)
dividend paid to equity

The Board decided not to pay an
interim of final dividend for 2023.

Dividend per share for 2024 will
depend on the level of profitability
‘of the Company and the ovailable
uses of cosh and is at the

ALL-IN SUSTAINING COSTS

175

$/oz Ag equivalent

shareholders of the Company ‘ discretion of the Board.
os recommended by the Board.

Links to strategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:

8 e Yes (Page 123) Operational performance.
Definition Performance Outlook

Calculated before exceptional
items and includes cost of sales
less depreciation and change in
inventories, administrative
expenses, brownfield exploration,
operating capex and royalties
divided by silver equivalent
ounces produced using a gold/ *.
silver ratio of 83:1.

. All-in'sustaining costs from

< operations.were flat versus 2022

mainly as a result of the scheduled
decline in production in 2023 being
offset by capex deferrals due to
the delays tothe Inmaculada
permit. °

The all-in sustaining cost from
operations in 2024 is expected to
be between $1,510 and $1,550 per
gold equivalent ounce (or $18.2and
$187 per silver equivalent ounce).

TOTAL SILVER CASH COSTS

12.8

$/oz Ag equivalent

Links to strategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:
ee No Operational performance.
Definition ** Performance Outlook

Cash costs are calculated based
on pre-exceptional figures.
‘Co-product cash cost per ounce
is the cash cost allocated to

the primary metal (allocation
based on proportion of revenue),
divided by the ounces sold of the
primary metal.

Total silver cash costs for the

Company increased by 2% versus

2022 due to increases in unit

costs in Peru but offset mostly
“by a significant fall in unit costs

in Argentino.

Cash costs performance in 2024
is expected to be dependent on
operational performance, levels
of local cost inflation and levels of
local currency devaluation in
Argentina and Peru.

schild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023 31

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

CONTINUED
Strategic pillars: © READ MoRE
@ Brownfield Risk Management Report
© Operational efficiency page 90
‘iplined capital allocation
NON-FINANCIAL MEASURES
LTIFR Links to strategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:
eo Yes (Page 123) Health and safety risks.
Definition Performance Outlook
. Calculoted as total number of LTIFR reduced by 28% toa The Company remains focused on
accidents per million labour hours. record low. its “Sofety 20 Hochschild Safety
Tronsformation” plan and
introduced the safety equivolent
of the ECO Score ~ the Seguscore.
ACCIDENT SEVERITY INDEX _Linkstostrategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:
eo Yes (Page 123) Health ond safety risks.
/ Definition Performance Outlook
Calculated as total number of days The Accident Severity index The Company remains focused on

lost per million labour hours.

decreased to 37 in 2023 due to
zero fatalities nd an excellent
sofety performance overall

its “Safety 2.0 Hochschild Safety
Transformation” plan and
introduced the safety equivalent
of the ECO Score - the Seguscore.

RESOURCE BASE Links to strategy: Links to remuneration: Risks:
eo Yes (Page 123) Exploration ond revenue ond
resource replacement, political,
legal and regulatory and
I community relations.
Moz Ag equivalent Definition Performance Outlook

Total attributable silver
equivalent metal resources
9s at 31 December 2023.

32 Hochschild Mining PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2023

Total attributable silver equivelent
metol resources decreased by

a moderate 2% due to the 2024
brownfield programme beginning
late resulting from the Inmaculada
permit delays as well oso
reduction in resources at
Inmaculada due to production.

Resource increases in 2024 will
depend on the ability to cchieve
permits in Peru and the level

of ongoing success in finding
potential resources and the
‘ability to turn these resources
into the inferred and mecsured
‘andindicated categories
through drilling,

Operating

review

=a" 1] 68 Skoz
229.1 oz
11,04 /koz

221.40koz

TOTALGROUP
PRODUCTION OF GOLD
2022: 244.63koz

TOTAL GROUP SILVER
PRODUCTION SOLD
2022:13,536koz

TOTAL GROUP GOLD
PRODUCTION SOLD
2022:242.89koz

Total 2023 Group production Attributable 2023 Group production
Year ended Year ended wo Year ended Yeor ended
31 Dec 2023 31Dec 2022 = B1Dec 202331 Dec 2022
Silver production (koz) 11,683 13,596 Silver production (koz) 9,517 21,003
Gold