Non-Binding Term Sheets for US$2.2 billion signed Record PLC 11 June 2025 11 June 2025 Record plc Non-Binding Term Sheets for US$2.2 billion signed OWI-RAMS GMBH ("OWI-RAMS"), a joint venture between One World Impact Partners and Record Asset Management GmbH, a subsidiary of Record plc, is pleased to announce that it has signed non-binding term sheets ("Term Sheets") with Kore Potash plc ("Kore Potash") (AIM: KP2, ASX: KP2, JSE: KP2, A2X: KP2) for availing the total funding requirement of approximately US$2.2bn for the Kola Potash Project ("Kola Project"), contributing to global food security and stimulating economic growth for the Republic of Congo ("RoC"). OWI-RAMS deploys a bespoke investment strategy focused on advancing global food security and accelerating the energy transition through strategic investments in food system enablers and next-generation critical energy infrastructure. Its strategy includes providing capital solutions across the risk spectrum, from equity and structured loan offerings to bespoke senior and whole-loan facilities for sponsors and operating companies. Kore Potash is the potash development company with 97% ownership of the Kola Project and Dougou Extension Potash Project in the Sintoukola Basin, located in the RoC. For further information, please refer to the Kore Potash announcement here . -Ends - For further information, please contact: Record plc Dr Jan Witte, Chief Executive Officer Richard Heading, Chief Financial Officer Tel: +44 (0) 20 3892 1300 investorrelations@recordfg.com Panmure Liberum Atholl Tweedie David Watkins Tel: +44 (0)20 7886 2500 This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Record (REC) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Canal+ SA 1 day ago PayPoint 1 day ago Premier Miton Group 1 day ago Braemar 1 day ago Hill and Smith All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and