Error! Unknown document property name.9 
39240264v1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Codan Limited 
ACN 007 590 605 
 
 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
Explanatory Notes 
 
 
 
Date of meeting 
22 October 2025  
Time of meeting 
11.00am (Adelaide time) 
 
     The meeting will be held as a hybrid meeting as follows: 
 
In person:  The Courtside Room, The Drive, War Memorial 
Drive, North Adelaide, South Australia  
 
Virtual meeting link: https://meetnow.global/MHP4PFA 
 
Shareholders are encouraged to participate in the meeting 
in person or via the virtual meeting link provided. 
 
This Notice of Annual General Meeting should be read in its 
entirety. If shareholders are in doubt as to how they should vote, 
they should seek advice from their accountant, solicitor or other 
professional adviser prior to voting.
2 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
Codan Limited ACN 007 590 605 ( Company) will hold an annual general meeting on 22 October 2025 at 11.00am 
(Adelaide time).  
Voting 
Voting in person 
To vote in person, attend the meeting on 22 October 2025 at 11.00am (Adelaide time) at The Courtside Room, at The 
Drive, War Memorial Drive, North Adelaide, South Australia. 
Voting virtually during the meeting 
Shareholders who wish to vote virtually on the day of the meeting will need to visit  https://meetnow.global/MHP4PFA  
on a smartphone, tablet or computer (using the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox).  
Online voting registration will commence 30 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. For full details on how to log on 
and vote online, please refer to the user guide which can be accessed at                                                                                     
www.computershare.com.au/virtualmeetingguide 
Voting in advance  
Shareholders can vote in advance of the meeting by completing and lodging a valid proxy form (see further below for 
information on completing and returning proxy forms). 
Please refer to the further voting and proxy instructions on page 7. 
Questions from shareholders 
Shareholders are encouraged to submit written questions in advance of the meeting, including questions for the 
Company’s auditor. This can be done by emailing investors@codan.com.au. Please specify that your question relates 
to the annual general meeting and if it is a question for the auditor. The written questions must be received no later than 
5.00pm (Adelaide time) on 15 October 2025 to be considered in advance of the meeting.  
Shareholders will also have the opportunity to submit questions during the meeting in respect to the formal items of 
business. The chair of the meeting will respond to the questions during the meeting.  
 
How to participate in the meeting 
For logistical purposes, if you wish to attend the meeting in person, please register your intention to do so by emailing 
companysecretary@codan.com.au at least five business days before the meeting (being not later than 5.00pm (Adelaide 
time) on Wednesday 15 October 2025). 
If you elect not to attend the meeting in person, you will be able to listen to and observe the meeting, cast an online vote 
and ask questions both online and orally through the online platform at https://meetnow.global/MHP4PFA. 
To participate and vote online, shareholders will need their Shareholder Reference Number ( SRN) or Holder 
Identification Number (HIN) (which is shown on the front o f their holding statement or Proxy Form), and their postcode 
(or country code if outside Australia). Attorneys and corporate representatives can log in to the online platform using the 
SRN/HIN of the relevant shareholder. 
Any appointed proxyholders should contact the Company’s share registry, Compute rshare Investor Services on 
+61 3 9415 4024 to receive their login information.
3 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
Resolutions by Poll 
All resolutions will be conducted by poll  in accordance with the requirements of section 250JA of the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act). 
Technical Difficulties 
Technical difficulties may arise during the course of the m eeting. The chair of the meeting has discretion whether and 
how the meeting should proceed in the event that  a technical difficulty arises.  In exercising this discretion, the chair of 
the meeting will have regard to the number of shareholders impacted and the extent to which participation in the business 
of the meeting is affected.  
Where the chair of the meeting considers it appropriate, the chair of the meeting may continue to hold the m eeting and 
transact business, including conducting a poll and voting in accordance with valid proxy instructions.  For this reason, 
shareholders are encouraged to submit a di rected proxy in advance of the m eeting in accordance with the instructions 
below, so that votes can still be counted even if you plan to attend the meeting online.
4 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL BUSINESS 
 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS 
 
Resolution 1 
Adoption of Remuneration Report 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution: 
"That the remuneration report for the year ended 30 June 2025 be adopted for the purpose of 
section 250R(2) of the Corporations Act." 
Note: Section 250R(3) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) provides that the vote on this resolution 
is advisory only and does not bind the directors or the Company. 
Voting Restriction 
In accordance with the Corporations Act, a vote must not be cast on this resolution (and will be taken not to have 
been cast if cast contrary  to this restriction) by or on behalf of a member of the key  management personnel, details 
of whose remuneration are included in the remuneration report, and any closely related party of such a member. 
However, the member or any closely related party of such a member may vote if:  
(a) it is cast by a person as a proxy appointed by writing that specifies how the proxy is to vote on the resolution, 
or by a person who is the chair of the meeting at which the resolution is voted on and the appointment does 
not specify the way the proxy is to vote and expressly authorises the chair to exercise the proxy even if the 
resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the remuneration of a member of the key management 
personnel; and 
(b) it is not cast on behalf of the member or any closely related party of such a member. 
Resolution 2 
Re-election of Director – Ms Sarah Adam-Gedge  
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution: 
"That Ms Sarah Adam-Gedge, a director retiring by rotation in accordance with the Company's constitution 
and being eligible for re-election, be re-elected as a director of the Company." 
 
  
AGENDA 
2025 Financial Statements 
To receive, consider and discuss the Company's financial statements and the report of the directors and auditor for 
the year ended 30 June 2025.
5 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
 
Resolution 3 
Approval of the grant of Performance Rights to Mr Alfonzo Ianniello – LTI 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution: 
"That, for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 10.14, approval is given for the grant of 33,948 performance rights 
to Mr Alfonzo Ianniello as part of his long-term incentive under the Codan Limited Share Rights Plan." 
 
Voting Exclusions and Voting Restrictions  
In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules, the Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of this resolution by 
or on behalf of any person referred to in ASX Listing Rule 10.14.1, 10.14.2 or 10.14.3 who is eli gible to participate in 
the Codan Limited Share Rights Plan or an associate of any such persons.  However, this does not apply to a vote 
cast in favour of a resolution by: 
(a) a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the resolution , in accordance with the 
directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the resolution in that way; or  
(b) the chair of the meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the resolution, in 
accordance with a direction given to the chair to vote on the resolution as the chair decides; or 
(c) a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee , custodial or other fiduciary capacity on behalf of a beneficiary 
provided the following conditions are met: 
• the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary is not excluded from 
voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded from voting, on the resolution; and  
• the holder votes on the resolution in accordance with directions given by the beneficiary to the 
holder to vote in that way. 
Further, in accordance with the Corporations Act, a vote must not be cast on this resolution (and will be taken not to 
have been cast if cast contrary to this restriction) by a member of the key management personnel, or any closely 
related party of such a member, acting as proxy, if their appointment does not specify the way the proxy is to vote on 
this resolution.  However, the member or any closely related party of such a member may vote if they are the chair of 
the meeting at whic h the resolution is voted on and the appointment expressly authorises the chair to exercise the 
proxy even if the resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the remuneration of a member of the key 
management personnel. 
Resolution 4 
Approval of the grant of Performance Rights to Mr Alfonzo Ianniello – Superior Performance Incentive (SPI) 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:  
"That, for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 10.14, approval is given for the grant of 33,948 performance rights 
to Mr Alfonzo Ianniello as part of his long-term SPI under the Codan Limited Share Rights Plan."
6 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
Voting Exclusions and Voting Restrictions  
In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules, the Company will disregard any votes cast in favour of this resolution by 
or on behalf of any person referred to in ASX Listing Rule 10.14.1, 10.14.2 or 10.14.3 who is eli gible to participate in 
the Codan Limited Share Rights Plan, or an associate of any such persons.  However, this does not apply to a vote 
cast in favour of a resolution by: 
(a) a person as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the resolutio n, in accordance with the 
directions given to the proxy or attorney to vote on the resolution in that way; or 
(b) the chair of the meeting as proxy or attorney for a person who is entitled to vote on the resolution, in 
accordance with a direction given to the chair to vote on the resolution as the chair decides; or 
(c) a holder acting solely in a nominee, trustee, custodial or other fiduciary capacity on behalf of a beneficiary 
provided the following conditions are met: 
• the beneficiary provides written confirmation to the holder that the beneficiary is not excluded from 
voting, and is not an associate of a person excluded from voting, on the resolution; and  
• the holder votes on the resolution in accordance with directions given by the beneficiary to the 
holder to vote in that way. 
Further, in accordance with the Corporations Act, a vote must not be cast on this resolution (and will be taken not to 
have been cast if cast contrary to this restriction) by a member of the key management personnel, or any closely 
related party of such a member, acting as proxy, if their appointment does not specify the way the proxy is to vote on 
this resolution.  However, the member or any closely related party of such a member may vote if they are the chair of 
the meeting at which the resolution is voted on and the appointment expressly authorises the chair to exercise the 
proxy even if the resolution is connected directly or indirectly with the remuneration of a member of the key 
management personnel.
7 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
VOTING AND THE PROXY 
For the purpose of determining the voting entitlements at the meeting, the board of directors of the Company (Board) 
has determined that shares in the Company will be taken to be held by the registered holders of those shares at 6.30pm 
(Adelaide time) on  20 October 2025. Accordingly, transactions registered after that time will be disregarded in 
determining entitlements to attend and vote at the meeting. 
A shareholder who is entitled to participate in and  vote at the meeting has the right to  appoint a proxy or proxies to 
participate or vote on the shareholder’s behalf. A proxy form is enclosed with this Notice. The proxy or proxies do not 
need to be a shareholder of the Company.  A shareholder that is a bod y corporate may appoint a representative to 
attend in accordance with the Corporations Act. 
A shareholder entitled to cast two or more votes is entitled to appoint two proxies. Where two proxies are appointed, 
each appointment may specify the proportion of the shareholder's voting rights that the proxy may exercise.  If the 
shareholder appoints two proxies and the appointment does not specify this proportion, each proxy may exercise half 
of the votes able to be cast by the appointing shareholder. 
The proxy form (and any power of attorney under which it is signed) must be received at the address below not later 
than 11.00am (Adelaide time) on 20 October 2025 (being 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting). Any 
proxy forms received after that time will not be valid for the meeting. 
Completed proxy forms should be sent to the Company's share registrar, Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd as 
follows: 
Online: www.investorvote.com.au 
To use this facility, you will need your holder number (HIN or SRN), 
postcode and control number displayed on your proxy form 
By mail: Codan Limited 
C/- Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd 
GPO Box 242 
MELBOURNE VIC 3001 
Australia 
By fax: Codan Limited 
C/- Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd 
(within Australia) 1800 783 447 
(outside Australia) +61 3 9473 2555 
Custodian voting: For Intermediary Online subscribers only: www.intermediaryonline.com 
DATED THIS 19th DAY OF SEPTEMBER 2025 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD 
Daniel Widera 
Company Secretary
8 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
 
Explanatory Notes 
These Explanatory Notes have been prepared to provide shareholders with material information to enable them to make 
an informed decision on the business to be conducted at the Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
 
The directors recommend shareholders read these Explanatory Notes in full before making any decision in relation to 
the resolutions. The directors also recommend shareholders read the instructions on the proxy form in full if they intend 
to vote by proxy. 
 
Receiving financial statements and reports 
The Corporations Act requires that shareholders consider the annual consolidated financial statements and reports of 
the directors and auditor every year. 
Shareholders attending the annual general meeting virtually will be given a reasonable opportunity: 
(a) to ask questions about or make comments on the management of the Company; and 
(b) to ask the Company's auditor or the auditor's representative questions relevant to: 
(1) the conduct of the audit; 
(2) the preparation and content of the auditor's report; 
(3) the accounting policies adopted by the Company in relation to the preparation of the financial 
statements; and 
(4) the independence of the auditor in relation to the conduct of the audit. 
A shareholder of the Company who is entitled to cast a vote at the annual general meeting may submit a written question 
to the auditor if the question is relevant to: 
(a) the content of the auditor's report to be considered at the annual general meeting; or 
(b) the conduct of the audit of the annual financial report to be considered at the annual general meeting. 
A written question may be submitted by giving the question to the Company no later than 15 October 2025, being the 
fifth business day before the day on which the annual general meeting is to be held, and the Company will then, as soon 
as practicable after the question has been received, pass the question on to the auditor. At the annual general meeting 
the Company will allow a reasonable opportunity for the auditor or the auditor’s representative to answer such written 
questions submitted to the auditor. 
No resolution is required to be moved in respect of this item of General Business. 
GENERAL BUSINESS
9 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
 
 
The remuneration report of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 202 5 is contained in the 2025 Annual 
Report, which either accompanies this Notice or is available on the Company’s website:  
http://codan.com.au/investor-centre/annual-reports. The Annual Report is also available on the following website: 
www.investorvote.com.au. 
Section 300A of the Corporations Act requires the directors to include a remuneration report in their report for the 
financial year. Section 250R(2) requires the remuneration report be put to a vote at the Co mpany's annual general 
meeting. The vote on the resolution is advisory only and does not bind the directors or the Company.  
Directors' Recommendation 
The directors recommend that the shareholders vote in favour of Resolution 1. 
 
Ms Adam-Gedge was appointed to the Board of Codan as a Non-Executive Director in February 2023. She has had a 
long and distinguished career leading digital and technology businesses including as an Executive at IBM for 12 years, 
and subsequent leadership roles as CEO of Avanade Australia, Publicis Sapient Australia, and Wipro Limited Australia 
and New Zealand.  
Ms Adam-Gedge has extensive global experience, and has significant expertise driving growth, customer relationship 
management, and working across different market s. Prior to joining IBM, Sarah was a Consulting Managing Partner 
at PWC, and Audit and Business Consulting Partner at Arthur Andersen where she started her career in Audit and 
became Partner. 
Ms Adam-Gedge is an experienced Non-Executive Director. Her board roles include Bravura Solutions Ltd (ASX:BVS), 
Emeco Holdings Ltd (ASX:EHL) and Aussie Broadband Limited (ASX:ABB). Ms Adam -Gedge started her non -
executive career on the board of Austal Ltd where she became Deputy Chair and was also Chair of the Nominati on 
and Remuneration Committee, and subsequently Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. She recently retired from the 
board of Austal Ltd. 
Ms Adam-Gedge holds a Bachelor of Business (Accounting), is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia and New 
Zealand, and a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She is currently undertaking study at RMIT 
in the area of Cybersecurity Risk Management and Governance. 
In accordance with clauses 9.3 and 9.5 of the Company’s constitution, it has been ag reed that Ms Adam -Gedge will 
retire and, being eligible, offer herself for re-election at this annual general meeting. 
Accordingly, Resolution 2 provides for the re-election of Ms Adam-Gedge as a director of the Company. 
Directors’ Recommendation 
Other than Ms Adam-Gedge (who is standing for re-election), the directors recommend that the shareholders vote in 
favour of Resolution 2. 
  
Resolution 1 – Adoption of Remuneration Report 
ORDINARY BUSINESS 
Resolution 2 – Re-election of Director – Ms Sarah Adam-Gedge
10 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
 
Background 
At the 2004 AGM, shareholders approved the establishment of a plan called the Performance Rights Plan  as part of 
the overall remuneration strategy of the Company. In 2024, the Company amended its Performance Rights Plan and 
renamed it the "Share Rights Plan" ( Plan). The Plan provides for the issue of performance rights ( Performance 
Rights) to executives of the Company invited by the Board to participate in the Plan. The exercise of Performance 
Rights results in the issue of fully paid ordinary shares in the Company (Shares). A copy of the Plan Rules is available 
on the Company's website www.codan.com.au. A brief summary of the Plan Rules is set out below. 
The Plan is to focus the CEO and other Executive KMP on the creation of sustainable shareholder value. Details of 
the Company's executive remuneration philosophy and objectives can be found in the 2025 Annual Report.  
At the 2024 AGM, approval was obtained from the Company's shareholders for the issue to Mr  Ianniello, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer  of the Company, of Performance Rights as part of his  long-term incentive (LTI) 
and long-term superior performance incentive (SPI), for no consideration and at nil exercise price in accordance with 
the Plan.  
Since that approval, 134,385 Performance Rights were issued to Mr Ianniello as part of his LTI (which includes an SPI 
component) on the terms as approved.   
From 4 January 2022 until the date of this notice, Mr Ianniello has, been issued (at a nil issue price) a total of:  
• 291,213 Performance Rights as part of his  LTI under the Plan (at a nil issue price), of which 16,305 have 
vested and 40,714 have lapsed; and 
• 76,584 Performance Rights as part of his short-term incentive (STI) under the Plan, all of which have vested.  
Of these, Mr Ianniello has had:  
• 44,971 Shares issued to him as a part of his FY24 STI, where he elected to take 100% of his STI for that year 
in Shares;  
• 31,613 Shares issued to him as a part of his FY25 STI, where he elected to take 100% of his STI for that year 
in Shares; and 
• 16,305 issued to him as part of his LTI.  
As a result, a total of 92,889 Shares in the capital of the Company have been issued to Mr Ianniello.   
Mr Ianniello has again been invited by the Board, and is entitled, to participate in the Plan for FY26 and to be issued 
with Performance Rights as part of his LTI if approved by shareholders at this AGM.    
Details of any Performance Rights and Shares issued under the Plan will be published in the Company’s annual report 
relating to the period in which they were issued, along with a statement that approval for the issue was obtained under 
ASX Listing Rule 10.14. Any additional persons covered by ASX Listing Rule 10.14, who become entitled to participate 
in an issue of Performance Rights under the Plan after the resolution is approved and who were not named in the 
notice of meeting, will not participate until approval is obtained under that rule.  
LTI Structure  
The LTI rewards executives for delivering long -term earnings growth performance and for creating value for 
shareholders with shareholder returns at above the 50th percentile of a selected peer group of ASX listed companies.  
 
 
  
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
Resolution 3 - Approval of the grant of Performance Rights to Mr Alfonzo Ianniello – LTI
11 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
The LTI structure  is an equity-based incentive plan  focussed on multi-year performance being delivered for 
shareholders with reference to growth in Earnings Per Share ( EPS) weighted at 66.6 7%, and a relative total 
shareholder return ( RTSR) metric  weighted at 33.3 3%, measured over  a three -year period. Th e LTI structure  is  
designed to  create alignment with shareholder return  performance and to retain Executive KMP  (including Mr 
Ianniello).  
In FY24, the required EPS compound annual growth targets, measured over three years, were increased from a range 
of 2% – 8% to a range of 8% at entry to 13% at maximum. These targets were retained for the FY25 LTI plan, with a 
higher starting base level using the actual FY24 EPS of 45.0 cents per share as the starting benchmark. 
For the FY26 LTI plan , the targets for the EPS Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) component have been 
increased to 11% at entry to 16% at maximum, with a higher starting base level using the FY25 EPS of 57.1 cents per 
share as the starting benchmark. 
The Board has increased the required performance range for EPS CAGR over the next 3 -year performance period, 
which acknowledges the recent performance of the business and the opportunity for future growth through the ongoing 
implementation of the “Building a Stronger Codan” strategy in the FY26-FY28 period. The 11% - 16% range is at the 
high end of the benchmarking we have completed on ASX100 to ASX200 companies that use an EPS CAGR metric.   
Use of Performance Rights - LTI 
The Board considers that the issue of Performance Rights (LTI) to Mr Ianniello, which are subject to the performance 
metrics described below under the heading ‘Performance Hurdle’, provide a long-term incentive to Mr Ianniello to work 
towards maximising returns for shareholders and to encourage Mr Ianniello’s retention.   
The Board also considers the use of Performance Rights for the LTI is superior to alternative forms of incentives, such 
as cash, on the basis that the Performance Rights vest and becom e exercisable and the consequential issuing of 
Shares in the capital of the Company to Mr Ianniello mean that Mr Ianniello’s shareholding in the Company increases, 
and this creates further alignment with maximising returns for shareholders. In particular, shareholders should note 
the minimum two-year holding requirement on all rights that vest and become shares in Codan, which creates further 
long-term equity ownership and alignment with shareholder’s interests. 
Summary of Codan’s Performance over the past 3 years 
The Codan group’s performance under Mr Ianniello’s leadership as CEO over the last 3 years has been as set out in 
the table:  
Group Performance 2025 2024 2023 
Revenue ($000) $674,226 $550,459 $456,468 
Earnings before interest and taxes ($000) $145,972 $113,927 $87,964 
Profit attributable to shareholders ($000) $103,493 $81,387 $67,774 
Earnings per share, basic  57.1c 45.0c 37.5c 
 
During this period shareholders have received the following: 
 
Share Price Performance and Dividends 2025 2024 2023 
Share price performance (%) +67.2% +49.8% +24.5% 
Dividend per share 28.5c 22.5c 18.5c
12 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
FY26 remuneration for Mr Ianniello  
Mr Ianniello’s total remuneration package has been reviewed and adjusted effective from 1 July 2025 , following 
consideration of relevant external information . Mr Ianniello’s fixed remuneration had not been previously adjusted 
since he commenced as CEO in January 2022. This external information included a review of peer group companies  
with a market capitalisation in the range -25% and +50% compared to Codan’s market capitalisation, using a 30 -day 
VWAP as of 31 July 2025.  
Mr Ianniello’s total remuneration package, effective from 1 July 2025, has been adjusted to:  
• fixed remuneration of $1,375,000 (inclusive of superannuation); 
• a short-term cash incentive of $687,500 (assuming Target performance metrics are achieved, representing 
50% of fixed remuneration), and an opportunity to receive a maximum short-term incentive up to 100% of fixed 
remuneration, capped, of $1,375,000; and  
• a long-term incentive of between $500,000 and $1,000,000 being threshold and potential maximum depending 
on achievement of performance metrics  over the three -year measurement period , through the issue of the 
Performance Rights (subject to  shareholder approval) calculated in the manner set out under the heading 
‘Issue of Performance Rights (LTI)’.  
The short-term incentive has a Threshold and Maximum percentage of fixed remuneration that can apply  with a 
requirement that Mr Ianniello must take a minimum of

---

ned; and 
• Performance Rights (SPI) the subject of Resolution 4, 
no other Performance Rights are being offered to the Company's directors (or other related parties), therefore this is 
the maximum number of Performance Rights that may be acquired by all persons for whom approval is required.  
The number of Performance Rights (LTI) has been calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
100%   x  (Maximum LTI) 
   $29.4561 
• Where Maximum LTI  equates to Mr Ianniello's maximum LTI as  Managing Director  for FY2 6 which is 
$1,000,000; and 
• $29.4561 is the volume weighted average of the market prices at which Shares were traded on ASX for the 
five trading days following the release of the Company's FY25 results, commencing on 22 August 2025 and 
ending on close of business 28 August 2025.
14 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
Rights attaching to Performance Rights (LTI) 
A Performance Right is a right to acquire one Share which can be exercised once the Performance Right has become 
exercisable and provided it has not lapsed. 
A Performance Right does not give the holder a legal or beneficial right to Shares and does not enable the participating 
executive, in this case Mr Ianniello, to receive dividends or any other shareholder benefit by virtue of the issue of these 
rights unless and until that Performance Right has been exercised and the Share issued. 
Exercise of Performance Rights (LTI) 
Performance Rights are exercisable: 
• if the Company meets the performance hurdle during the performance period;  
• at the discretion of the Board, if an event occurs such as a takeover bid for, or the winding up of, the Company; 
or 
• if the Board allows early exercise on the cessation of employment in certain circumstances.  
Performance Period 
The performance period is the period commencing on 1 July 2025 and ending on 30 June 2028 (Performance Period). 
Performance Hurdle(s) 
The Performance Rights  (LTI) will vest and become exercisable  with an assessment against two independent 
performance metrics, namely: 
1. Earnings Per Share (EPS) Growth metric; and 
2. Relative Total Shareholder Return (RTSR) metric. 
1. EPS Growth Performance Hurdle – 67% weighting (LTI) 
An EPS growth metric provides clear line of sight between executive performance and the Company’s financial 
performance over the long-term. It is also well understood by the CEO and shareholders. The Board may a djust the 
underlying NPAT used to measure performance against the LTI where it deems it appropriate to do so, for example 
as a result of major transactions, such as an acquisition or divestment, or other one -off type items. 
To measure EPS, the Codan Group NPAT will be divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in the 
Company on issue during the relevant financial year. To measure growth in EPS , the EPS in the financial year 
immediately preceding the grant (FY2 5) is compared with the EPS achieved in the measurement year, being Year 3 
(FY28). To set the FY28 target the Board has used the underlying EPS performance for FY25 of 57.1 cents per share. 
Performance Rights (LTI) would vest if the EPS achieved in the measurement year exceeds a threshold with all rights 
vesting if a maximum EPS is achieved. The t hreshold and maximum EPS are to be calculated by applying a 
compounding annual growth rate to a base EPS. This is represented in the table below: 
 
 Threshold Maximum 
Base EPS (FY25) cents 57.1 57.1 
Compound annual growth rate (CAGR) 11% 16% 
FY28 EPS (Measurement year) cents 78.1 89.1
15 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
The vesting schedule of the rights subject to the EPS growth hurdles is as follows:  
EPS Compound annual growth rate Percentage of 67% of total 
Performance Rights (LTI) vesting 
Dollar value of LTI vested 
Less than Threshold 0% Nil 
Threshold 50% $335,000 
More than T hreshold but less than 
Maximum 
Pro-rated from 50%-100% Pro-rated from $335,000 to 
$670,000 
At or greater than Maximum 100% $670,000 
The above percentages are calculated as 67% of the Threshold and Maximum performance LTI outcomes, as this is 
the weighting allocated to the EPS Growth Performance Hurdle. 
The Board always retains discretion to determine, amend and calculate the vesting outcomes.  
2. RTSR Performance Hurdle – 33% weighting (LTI) 
This measure represents the relat ive change in the value of the Company’s share price over a period including 
reinvested dividends, compared to the constituents of a peer group. The change is expressed as a percentage on the 
opening value of the shares and then ranked as a percentile compared to the peer group. An RTSR measure is used 
as it provides an appropriate comparative measure of shareholder return, reflecting an investor’s choice to invest in 
the Company versus another peer group entity. Value can only be derived from the RTSR component of the LTI plan 
if the Company’s RTSR performance is at least at the 50 th percentile of companies in the peer comparison group 
measured over the three-year period. 
The vesting schedule of the rights subject to the RTSR hurdle are as follows:  
RSTR Performance LTI Achieved (weighted) 
Threshold (50th percentile) 50% 
Maximum (75th percentile) 100% 
 
RTSR Percentage of 33% of 
total Performance 
Rights vesting 
Dollar value of LTI vested 
Less than Threshold Percentile 0% Nil 
At Threshold Percentile 50% $165,000 
More than Threshold less than Maximum 
Percentile 
Pro-rated from 50%-
100% 
Pro-rated from $165,000 to 
$330,000 
At Maximum Percentile 100% $330,000 
The above percentages are calculated using 33% of the threshold and maximum performance LTI outcomes, as this 
is the weighting allocated to the RTSR Performance Hurdle.
16 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
For the FY26 rights grant, the peer group of companies will be companies listed on the ASX within 50% and 200% of 
the Company’s 12-month average market capitalisation as at 30 June 2025, with industry exclusions being any  
companies in the peer group from the Materials, Finance and Energy GICS sectors.  This i

---

ined; and  
• Performance Rights (LTI) mentioned in Resolution 3, 
no other Performance Rights are being offered to the Company's directors (or other related parties), therefore this is 
the maximum number of Performance Rights that may be acquired by all persons for whom approval is required.  
The number of Performance Rights (SPI) has been calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
   = $1,000,000 
       $29.4561 
• Where $1,000,000 is Mr Ianniello's maximum SPI for FY26; and 
• $29.4561 is the volume weighted average of the market prices at which Shares were traded on ASX for the 
five trading days following the release of the Company's FY25 results, commencing on 22 August 2025 and 
ending on close of business 28 August 2025. 
Rights attaching to Performance Rights (SPI) 
A Performance Right is a right to acquire one Share which can be exercised once the Performance Right has become 
exercisable and provided it has not lapsed. 
A Performance Right does not give the holder a legal or beneficial right to Shares and does not enable the participating 
executive, in this case Mr Ianniello, to receive dividends or any other shareholder benefit by virtue of the issue of 
these rights unless and until that Performance Right has been exercised and the Share issued.  
Exercise of Performance Rights (SPI) 
Performance Rights are exercisable: 
• if the Company meets the performance hurdle during the performance period;  
• at the discretion of the Board, if an event occurs such as a takeover bid for, or the winding up of, the Company; 
or 
• if the Board allows early exercise on the cessation of employment in certain circumstances.  
Performance Period 
The performance period is the period commencing on 1 July 2025 and ending on 30 June 2028 (Performance Period). 
Performance Hurdle(s) 
The Performance Rights ( SPI) will vest and become exercisable with an assessment against an EPS growth metric 
as set out below.  
Based on relevant external information, the Board considers target EPS growth in the range of 11% to 1 6% pa, 
compounding over three -year measurement periods,  to be  generally higher  compared to other companies in the 
ASX100 to ASX 200 index that use EPS CAGR as a performance metric, for this purpose considered to be comparable 
to Codan, based on market capitalisation.  
That said, the Board also notes that average analyst consensus for the FY26 to FY28 period is that Codan will grow 
EPS by more than 20% pa. This rate of growth, if achieved, would be an exceptional outcome for shareholders , and 
the Board wishes to reward executives if it is achieved under Mr Ianniello’s leadership . 
The Board wishes to recognise and reward the current management team for the actions/decisions that they have 
taken to put Codan in the position that it could deliver EPS growth well above the top end of the EPS CAGR range 
used by most peer companies , referred  to above . These actions/decisions  include identifying and executing on 
accretive bolt -on acquisitions, integrating  acquired businesses into Codan and growing their performance above  
expectations, developing new products to address new markets and reposit ioning Codan’s original HF 
communications business to now be recognised as a defence electronics solutions provider.
21 
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
 
NOM 2025 – FINAL 19.9.25 
 
Many of the actions/decisions taken by the CEO and the executive team are of medium to long -term impact and the 
Board considers it fair to set superior performance hurdles that provide a reasonable probability they can be achieved, 
although still representing a very considerable challenge for the executive team to deliver, and that are well aligned to  
achieving superior returns for shareholders. The strategy to “Build a Stronger Codan” under Mr Ianniello’s leadership 
is working effectively and it is important that Mr Ianniello is motivated to continue  his employment with Codan and  to 
execute on the opportunities this strategy has created. For these reasons the Board therefore considers it appropriate  
to again implement a scheme that will motivate and reward Mr Ianniello to deliver superior performance between FY26 
and FY28, whilst also rewarding him for decisions/actions already taken  that contribute to significant growth in that 
period. 
Superior financial performance is set at EPS CAGR of between 17% and 24% over the FY2 6-28 period. This 
represents an increase from 14% to 21% in the FY25-FY27 SPI scheme. 
Performance of this level, if achieved over the three -year measurement period , will deliver significant value to 
shareholders and the Board believes the grant of the additional performance rights is appropriately structured to align 
benefits for Mr Ianniello with superior outcomes for shareholders. 
The structure of this additional incentive programme for the FY26 rights grant is that for every 1% EPS CAGR achieved 
at and above 17% over the 3-year measurement period Mr Ianniello will have performance rights of $125,000 vest, up 
to a maximum of $1,000,000 at 24% EPS CAGR. 
These performance rights vest if the EPS achieved in the FY28 measurement year exceeds Threshold (as defined in 
the table below) with all rights vesting if EPS CAGR of at least 24% is achieved, defined to be Maximum. The 
Threshold and Maximum EPS for the SPI are calculated by applying a compounding annual growth rate to the FY2 5 
base EPS. This is represented in the table below: 
 Threshold Maximum 
Base EPS (FY25) cents 57.1 57.1 
Compound annual growth rate 17% 24% 
FY28 (Measurement year) cents 91.5 108.9 
The vesting schedule of the rights subject to these EPS growth hurdles is as follows:  
 EPS CAGR Dollar value of SPI vested 
Less than Threshold Less than 17% Nil 
Threshold 17% $125,000 
More than Threshold but less than 
Maximum 
Pro-rated from 17% - 24% $125,000 for every additional 1% 
EPS CAGR achieved (prorated) 
At or greater than Maximum 24% $1,000,000 
The Board always retains discretion to determine, amend and calculate the vesting outcomes.  
Issue Price and Exercise Price  
Each Performance Right will be issued to Mr Ianniello for