Level 22, Grosvenor Place, 225 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia 
T +61 2 9855 5444 | F +61 2 9878 5066 | E contactus@sonichealthcare.com.au 
Sonic Healthcare Limited ABN 24 004 196 909 
www.sonichealthcare.com 
MEDIA RELEASE – 19 February 2026 
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE HALF-YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 
 
 
Sonic Healthcare delivers solid first half performance 
and maintains FY 2026 guidance 
 
Sydney, 19 February 2026  – Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX: SHL ; ADR: SKHHY)  today reported a 
solid financial and operational performance for the half- year ended  31 December 2025, underpinned by 
strong revenue growth, improving earnings per share and disciplined cost control, and maintained  full-year 
FY 2026 guidance.   
 
Highlights  
 
A$M H1 FY 2026 Growth 
Revenue 5,445  17% 
EBITDA  907 10% 
Net profit  262 11% 
Cash generated from operations 682 10% 
Earnings per share (A$ cents) 53.1 8% 
 
 
• On track to achieve full -year EBITDA earnings guidance provided in August 2025  (A$1.87 to 
A$1.95 billion on a constant currency basis). 
• Strong revenue growth including organic growth of 5%. 
• Operating leverage and synergy realisation demonstrated by EBITDA margin enhancement for  the 
majority of the business. 
• Ongoing focus on cost control across the business. 
• Operating review of US business underway including rationalisation of anatomical pathology operations.  
• Capital management initiatives progressing. 
• Progressive dividend policy maintained, increase of 1 cent (2.3%) to 45 cents for the FY  2026 Interim 
Dividend. 
 
Commentary  
 
Sonic Healthcare’s CEO, Dr Jim Newcombe, said: “Sonic Healthcare’s first half result  demonstrated the 
strength and global diversity of the group’s operations . We consistently deliver high -value medicine to our 
global communities and are a trusted partner for doctors, patients and healthcare systems. Our management 
teams and staff  delivered a solid first half result with s trong revenue growth, improving earnings per share , 
and margin expansion in the majority of the business , whilst maintaining a disciplined focus on cost control 
and capital management.  Importantly, we remain on track to achieve our full -year earnings guidance, 
supported by improving operational performance across most of the Group and the benefits of scale, 
integration and synergy realisation.
Level 22, Grosvenor Place, 225 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia 
T +61 2 9855 5444 | F +61 2 9878 5066 | E contactus@sonichealthcare.com.au 
Sonic Healthcare Limited ABN 24 004 196 909 
www.sonichealthcare.com  
2 
“Sonic’s global footprint continues to provide diversification and growth opportunities.  
 
“Our German operations delivered strong organic revenue growth, augmented by the LADR acquisition, with 
underlying margin improvement, including through  disciplined cost control, and synergy capture. 
Integration of LADR is well advanced, with early synergies already being achieved.  
 
“Our Australia laboratory operations achieved  organic growth of 5%,  benefiting from partial Medicare 
indexation, private billing initiatives and continuing strong growth in the specialist and hospital segment.  We 
look forward to commencing pathology services at  Australia’s largest private hospital, Hollywood Private 
Hospital in Perth, in the next few weeks.  
 
“Low organic growth and restructuring costs have impacted on margins in the USA, however we have now 
cycled the loss of the Alabama payor contract and have multiple initiatives underway, with more to come, to 
drive future revenue growth and enhance profitability . This includes  our strategy to expand our advanced 
diagnostics product offering nationally. 
  
“Our Swiss business is now benefiting from the acquisitions we completed in recent years, with integration 
well progressed and synergy realisation in line with our plans, driving significant margin expansion. Likewise, 
the large Herts and West Essex contract in the UK is now profitable, with further margin improvement to come 
as we optimise the service.   
 
“The radiology division continued its strong organic revenue growth, achieving 7%, albeit somewhat lower 
than the double -digit growth achieved in the last few years. We continue to focus on the higher value 
modalities, and to invest in greenfield sites and digital capabilities.  
 
“Sonic Clinical Services  achieved 20% earnings growth, benefiting from the acquisition of National Skin 
Cancer Clinics in April 2025, and a range of cost management initiatives . Additional Medicare funding from 
November 2025 will assist future revenue and earnings growth.  
 
“Sonic Healthcare  enjoys strong market positions  and a proven operating model . Our well -established 
Medical Leadership culture remains a key competitive differentiator, delivering highest quality medical 
services to patients and doctors globally.  We have an ongoing focus on organic revenue growth, efficiency, 
innovation and disciplined capital management  and are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable 
long-term value for shareholders . I would like to  take this opportunity to thank  all our staff for the passion, 
dedication and skill they bring to the company each day for the benefit of our many stakeholders.”  
 
 
Dr Jim Newcombe 
Chief Executive Officer / Managing Director 
Sonic Healthcare Limited 
Ph:  (02) 9855 5333 
 
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Directors of Sonic Healthcare Limited –  please refer to the 
contact details above. 
 
For further information regarding the result, please refer to Dr Newcombe ’s PowerPoint Presentation and to Sonic’s 
H1 FY 2026 Appendix 4D Half Year Report, both of which will be posted on the Sonic Healthcare website by 10: 00 am on  
19 February 2026 (www.sonichealthcare.com). 
 
 
 
 
Forward-looking statements 
This media release may include forward -looking statements about our financial results, guidance and business prospects that may involve risks and 
uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of Sonic Healthcare. Readers are cautioned not to place u ndue reliance on forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as of the date that they are made and which reflect management’s current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which involve 
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to be materially different. Risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the 
company include, but are not limited to, adverse decisions by Governments and healthcare regulators, changes in the competiti ve environment and bill ing 
policies, lawsuits, loss of contracts, or unexpected growth in costs and expenses. The statements being made in this media release do not constitute an offer 
to sell, or solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities of Sonic Healthcare. No representa tion, warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given or made in 
relation to any forward -looking statement by any person (including Sonic Healthcare). In particular, no representation, warranty or assurance (expres s or 
implied) is given in relation to any underlying assumption or that any forward-looking statement will be achieved. Actual future events may vary materially from 
the forward-looking statements and the assumptions on which the forward -looking statements are based. Given these uncertainties,  readers are cautioned 
to not place undue reliance on such forward -looking statements.