Level 22, Grosvenor Place, 225 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia 
T +61 2 9855 5444 | F +61 2 9878 5066 | E contactus@sonichealthcare.com.au 
Sonic Healthcare Limited ABN 24 004 196 909 
www.sonichealthcare.com 
 
MEDIA RELEASE – 20 August 2026 
 
 
Sonic Healthcare delivers strong FY2026 result and 
achieves earnings guidance 
 
Sydney, 20 August 2026 – Sonic Healthcare Limited (ASX: SHL  ; ADR: SKHHY)  today reported a 
strong financial and operational performance for the year ended 30 June 2026, achieving underlying 
EBITDA earnings guidance through strong revenue growth, operating leverage, and ongoing synergy 
realisation, whilst demonstrating disciplined capital management.  
 
Highlights  
 
A$m  FY2026 Growth 
Revenue 10,867 13% 
Underlying EBITDA  1,933  11% 
Statutory EBITDA  1,882 9% 
Underlying Net Profit 621 17% 
Statutory Net Profit   608 18% 
Underlying earnings per share (A¢)  125.6  14% 
Statutory earnings per share (A¢)  123.0 15% 
 
 
• Revenue growth of 13%, including strong organic growth of 5%  
• EBITDA increased 11% and earnings per share increased 14%  (underlying)  
• LADR Laboratory Group acquisition completed and integration progressing well, with synergy 
realisation on schedule  
• Continued substantial synergy capture from recent acquisitions in Switzerland  
• Strong growth in advanced diagnostics, leveraging market-leading brands and capabilities across 
multiple geographies  
• Completed sale  and leaseback of the Brisbane hub laboratory as part of disciplined capital 
management program 
• Commenced digital and AI transformation initiatives  
• Progressive dividend maintained, increase of 1 cent to $1.08 per share total dividends for the year    
 
Commentary 
 
Sonic Healthcare's CEO, Dr Jim Newcombe, said:  "Sonic Healthcare delivered a strong result in FY2026, 
achieving our earnings guidance while continuing to invest in future growth to create long-term value for 
shareholders. The result reflect ed the strength of our diversified global portfolio, our focus on operational 
excellence and the dedication of our people around the world.  
 
“During my first nine months as CEO, I have seen first -hand the unique strengths that differentiate Sonic 
Healthcare. Sonic’s investment proposition is clear: we deliver high-value medicine at scale, driving growth 
and financial performance. Our three key differentiators, scale and diversification, Medical Leadership and 
operational excellence, continue to underpin our performance and position us for future growth. Operating 
across nine countries and in 11 markets, Sonic is one of the world's leading medical diagnostics companies, 
providing essential medical services to over 140 million patients per year.
"The strength of our operating model was evident in FY2026. We achieved organic revenue growth of 5%, 
including strong growth in advanced diagnostics and realise d substantial synergies from recent 
acquisitions in Germany and Switzerland. At the same time, we commenced a comprehensive operating 
review of our business in the United States and launched a significant program to modernise Sonic 
Healthcare's global digital infrastructure. 
 
"Sonic Healthcare enjoys leading  market positions, a proven operating model and a unique Medical 
Leadership culture. We remain focused on organic growth, efficiency, innovation and disciplined capital 
management, and are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long -term value for  shareholders. I 
would like to thank our  47,000 people globally for their commitment to caring for our communities. Their 
dedication remains the foundation of Sonic Healthcare's success."  
 
 
 
 
For further information regarding this announcement, please contact:  
 
Investor enquiries:  
Elise Wang, Head of Investor Relations 
Mobile:  0417 405 499 
email: investor.relations@sonichealthcare.com 
Media enquiries:  
email: communications@sonichealthcare.com 
 
 
 
 
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Directors of Sonic Healthcare Limited – please refer to the 
contact details above. 
 
For further information regarding the result, please refer to Sonic’s FY2026 Financial and Operating Review 
Presentation and Sonic Healthcare's FY2026 Appendix 4E Preliminary Final Report, both of which will be posted on the 
Sonic Healthcare website by 10:00am on 20 August 2026.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forward-looking statements  
 
This media release may include forward -looking statements about Sonic Healthcare’s financial results, guidance, business prospects and other future 
matters that may involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of Sonic Healthcare. Forward -looking statements can generally be 
identified by  the use of words such as “expect”, “anticipate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “predict”, “plan”, “believe”, “forecast”, “estimate”, 
“target”, “outlook”, “guidance” and other similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue re liance on forward -looking statements, which 
speak only as of the date that they are made and reflect management’s current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs. Forward-looking statements 
are based on assumptions and contingencies that are subjec t to change without notice and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors that could cause actual results, performance and outcomes to be materially different from those expressed, anticipate d or implied by those 
statements.  
 
Risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company include, but are not limited to, adverse decisions by governments and healthcare 
regulators, changes in the competitive environment and billing policies, lawsuits, loss of contracts,  unexpected growth in costs and expenses, changes in 
macroeconomic conditions, foreign exchange rates and capital market conditions, and additional risks and uncertainties not pr esently known to 
management or not currently considered material. The statemen ts being made in this media release do not constitute an offer to sell, or solicitation of an 
offer to buy, any securities of Sonic Healthcare, nor do they constitute financial product, investment, legal, tax, accountin g or other advice or a 
recommendation to acquire Sonic Healthcare securitie s. No representation, warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given or made in relation to any 
forward-looking statement by any person, including Sonic Healthcare. In particular, no  representation, warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given 
in relation to any underlying assumption or that any forward -looking statement will be achieved.  
 
Actual future events, results and outcomes may vary materially from the forward -looking statements and the assumptions on which the forward -looking 
statements are based. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. To the maximum 
extent permitted by law, Sonic Healthcare and its directors, officers, employees, agents and advisers disclaim any liability for any loss arising from use of, or 
reliance on, any forward -looking statement or other information in this media release . Except as required by law or regulation, including the ASX Listing 
Rules, Sonic Healthcare undertakes no obligation to update, revise or supplement any forward -looking statement, whether as a result of new information, 
future events, results or otherwise . The information provided in this media release  is based on and should be read in conjunction with the Appendix 4E 
released to the ASX on 20 August 2026, Sonic Healthcare’s 2025 Annual Report and other periodic and continuous disclosure announcements lodged 
with the ASX. 
 
This media release  includes certain financial measures presented on an "underlying"  and/or “constant currency”  basis which are not prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). These measures are used by management to assess the under lying performance of 
the business and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.  Non-IFRS financial 
measures may not be directly comparable with similarly titled measures presented by other entities.  A reconciliation of the underlying financial measures 
to the corresponding measures reported in accordance with IFRS is provided within the Appendix 4E.