Ora completes placing of £255,400 Ora Technology PLC 02 December 2024 This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 02 December 2024 Ora Technology PLC ("Ora" or the "Company") Ora completes placing of £255,400 Ora Technology PLC (AQSE: ORA/ OTC: ORCPF) is pleased to announce a placing by Clear Capital Markets for a total of 3,192,500 new ordinary shares ("Placing Shares") of £0.001 each in the share capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at an issue price of £0.08 (the "Placing Price") per Ordinary Share, raising gross proceeds of £255,400 (before expenses) (the "Placing"). The Placing Shares, when issued and fully paid, will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Ordinary Shares in issue and therefore will rank equally for all dividends or other distributions declared, made or paid after the issue of the Placing Shares. Total Voting Rights: Application will be made to the Aquis Stock Exchange for admission of the 3,192,500 Placing Shares to trading on Aquis. It is expected that admission will become effective and dealings in the Placing Shares will commence on Aquis at 8.00 a.m. on or around 9 December 2024. Following Admission, the total number of Ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company in issue will be 209,870,075 with voting rights. The above figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the FCA's Disclosure and Transparency Rules. For further information, please contact: Ora Technology plc Mike Edwards Via First Sentinel First Sentinel ( Corporate Adviser) Brian Stockbridge brian@first-sentinel.com +44 (0) 20 3855 5551 Clear Capital Markets (Broker) Bob Roberts +44 (0) 20 3869 6080 About Ora Technology Ora Technology PLC is a software company that is developing a digital carbon trading platform that intends to offer users the ability to buy, sell and retire carbon credits in the voluntary carbon market, an instrument used by both the public and private sectors to work towards carbon neutral and net-zero climate goals. Ora's 'Ora Carbon' platform aims to allow access to carbon assets - and the broader carbon economy - with the goal of reducing the complexity of current industry practices and an emphasis towards providing a simple and intuitive user experience. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ora Technology Plc (ORA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 22 hours ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 22 hours ago Barclays 22 hours ago Diageo 22 hours ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 23 hours ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and