Stolt-Nielsen Deploys Fully Integrated Orange SASE Solution to Optimize Global Connectivity and Security for Hybrid Workforce Stolt-Nielsen, a global expert in bulk liquid logistics and sustainable land-based aquaculture, has chosen Orange Business to provide a Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) solution. It combines SD-WAN connectivity with global Security Service Edge (SSE) to securely support the company’s global, hybrid workforce and drive business growth. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230627517104/en/ The multinational enterprise was an early adopter of SD-WAN and is now moving to the next generation of advanced solutions. (Photo credit: Orange Business Services) Stolt-Nielsen has a diverse business portfolio, including the world’s largest fleet of chemical tankers, terminals for the safe storage and handling of bulk liquids, and bulk door-to-door chemical delivery logistics. It prides itself on being a trailblazer in adopting technology in its field. The multinational enterprise was an early adopter of SD-WAN and is now moving to the next generation of advanced solutions. It was looking to replace a set up of internet providers and network solutions with one integrated service to optimize performance and security for its 2,500 hybrid users globally. Phased SASE deployment Stolt-Nielsen wanted a trusted partner to help migrate from its former infrastructure and develop a phased SASE strategy. It chose Orange as the integrator, impressed by its global network capabilities, security expertise, and broad portfolio of services. The fully managed Orange SASE Advanced offering, created for Stolt-Nielsen in partnership with Netskope , provides enhanced global connectivity and consistent internet security on and off the network. With Netskope’s SSE infrastructure located across more than 70 regions globally, plugging it into the Orange network ensures data security can be managed centrally without affecting business productivity. “As part of our transformation, we needed to define a secure, centralized, future-proofed digital infrastructure to support our business growth and innovation. We chose Orange because of its ability to provide seamless, reliable global connectivity with the highest security standards delivered via SASE,” explains Peter Koenders, CIO at Stolt-Nielsen. “Stolt-Nielsen will reap the benefits of Orange SASE Advanced with a secure, flexible infrastructure built on our Evolution Platform and secured by Orange Cyberdefense. This innovative approach will help to drive the company’s secure digital transformation plans, advancing operational efficiency and propelling digital business growth,” adds Nemo Verbist, Senior Vice President, Europe, at Orange Business. About Stolt-Nielsen Limited Stolt-Nielsen is a long-term investor and manager of businesses focused on opportunities in logistics, distribution and aquaculture. The Stolt-Nielsen portfolio consists of its three global bulk-liquid and chemicals logistics businesses – Stolt Tankers, Stolthaven Terminals and Stolt Tank Containers – Stolt Sea Farm and various investments. Stolt-Nielsen Limited is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs: SNI). About Orange Business Orange Business, the enterprise division of the Orange Group, is a leading network and digital integrator, supporting customers to create positive impact and digital business. The combined strength of its next-generation connectivity, cloud, and cybersecurity expertise, platforms, and partners provides the foundation for enterprises around the world. With 30,000 employees across 65 countries, Orange Business enables its customers’ transformations by orchestrating end-to-end secured digital infrastructure and focusing on the employee, customer, and operational experience. More than 3,000 multinational enterprises, as well as two million professionals, companies and local communities in France, put their trust in Orange Business. Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 288 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2023. In February 2023, the Group presented its strategic plan "Lead the Future", built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. "Lead the Future" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality. Orange is listed on the Euronext Paris (ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (ORAN). For more information: www.orange-business.com or follow us on LinkedIn and on Twitter : @orangebusiness Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230627517104/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ora Technology Plc (ORA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and