Withdrawal AQSE Ora Technology PLC 29 May 2025 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF THAT JURISDICTION. This announcement contains information which, prior to its disclosure, was inside information as stipulated under Regulation 11 of the Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019/310 (as amended). Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. 29 May 2025 Sundae Bar Plc ("Sundae Bar" or the "Company") Application for admission to trading on AIM Conditional fundraise of £2,000,000 Withdrawal of trading of Sundae Bar Plc from Aquis Stock Exchange Withdrawal of trading of Ora Technology Plc from Aquis Stock Exchange Sundae Bar Plc is pleased to announce that it has applied for admission of the entire issued and to be issued share capital of the Company to trading on AIM (" Admission "). Dealings in the ordinary shares on AIM are expected to commence at 8.00 a.m. on 3 June 2025, under the ticker "SBAR" and the ISIN GB00BRXKJ754. Following the acquisition of Ora Technology PLC, Sundae Bar is developing a dynamic platform named sundae_bar that serves as a marketplace for AI Agents, enabling AI developers to market, manage, and sell their agents. This platform intends to provide essential tools for creating, customising, and monetizing AI agents, in order to offer a full-service solution for AI creators similar to how e-commerce platforms empower e-commerce entrepreneurs. Conditional Placing The Company is also pleased to announce a conditional placing by Clear Capital Markets Limited for a total of 25,000,000 new ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in the share capital of the Company (" Placing Shares ") at an issue price of £0.08 per Placing Share, raising gross proceeds of £2,000,000 (before expenses) (the " Placing "). The Placing is conditional on Admission. The Placing Shares, when issued and fully paid, will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of the Company in issue and therefore will rank equally for all dividends or other distributions declared, made or paid after the issue of the Placing Shares. Jill Kenney, CEO of Sundae Bar, said: "This successful £2 million capital raise represents a pivotal moment for Sundae Bar. The strong investor support validates our strategic acquisition of Ora Technology Plc and our vision to create the definitive marketplace for AI Agents. Once completed, this funding will accelerate our integration efforts and ensure we're ready to capitalize on the rapidly expanding AI Agent market." Use of net proceeds Once the Placing is completed, the Company intends to use its net proceeds to fund the Company's general working capital requirements and grow the business following the acquisition of Ora Technology PLC. Proposed Move to AIM The board of directors of Sundae Bar considers that a move to AIM will be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and, given the growing scale of the business, AIM is a more appropriate market for the Company and will enable it to attract a wider pool of investors and improve liquidity over time. The full terms and conditions of the Placing and Admission are set out in the Admission Document, which has been published and will shortly be available to view on the Company's website at: http://corporate.sundaebar.ai/ Withdrawal of the Company's admission on the Access Segment of the AQSE Growth Market and Admission will take place simultaneously and are expected to occur on 3 June 2025. Withdrawal of admission of Ora Technology PLC on the Access Segment of the AQSE Growth Market is expected to occur on 3 June 2025. The Company will make further announcements in relation to Admission and the withdrawal of both companies as required in due course Board Appointment Luke Cairns has been appointed to the Board of Sundae Bar Plc with effect from 22 May 2025. The disclosure according to Rule 4.9 of the Aquis Growth Market Access Rulebook has been made in the announcement dated 1 May 2025. For further information, please contact: Sundae Bar Plc Jill Kenney, CEO hello@sundaebar.ai Beaumont Cornish Limited (Nominated Adviser) Roland Cornish / Asia Szusciak +44 (0) 20 7628 3396 First Sentinel Corporate Finance Limited (Corporate Adviser) Brian Stockbridge +44 (0) 7858 888007 Clear Capital Markets Limited (Corporate Broker) Bob Roberts +44 (0) 20 3869 6080 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ora Technology Plc (ORA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Schroder Real Estate Investment Trust Ltd 1 day ago Barclays 1 day ago Diageo 1 day ago Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) 1 day ago PZ Cussons All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and