Tēnaka Partners with Orange Business to Scale Its Coral Reef Restoration Program Orange Business and Tēnaka, a social business that works to restore and protect marine ecosystems worldwide, have partnered to scale the coral reef restoration in a Marine Protected Area of the Coral Triangle in Malaysia. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240124067806/en/ Local divers bring technology and sustainability together to rescue the world’s precious coral reefs. (Photo credit: Orange Business) Tēnaka’s coral reef restoration helps protect and preserve critically important and endangered wildlife while supporting the economic independence of coastal communities in terms of food security and employment linked to tourism and fisheries. Through this partnership, Orange Business is accelerating Tēnaka’s digital transformation, making its day-to-day operations more efficient. Orange Business provides access to fully automated data sets, from collection to visualization, leveraging AI-based data analysis. This near real-time data-driven approach enhances the capabilities of Tēnaka’s operations. Data and images are delivered directly to scientists ashore, which means researchers will be able to access 24/7 data and spend more time restoring degrading coral reefs. Scientific monitoring of the coral reef The project orchestrated by Orange Business is enabled by a Yucca lab marine research station composed of an underwater monitoring device with waterproof 360° cameras attached to a solar-powered floating buoy with processing and transmission capabilities. The research station connects to the local 4G mobile network with an Orange Business SIM card. This connection transfers images daily to a Microsoft Azure tenant managed by Orange Business. The data transfer is secured by Orange Cyberdefense using Netskope SSE technology and NewEdge infrastructure. Once in the cloud, an AI algorithm developed by Orange Business analyzes the images. This algorithm automatically recognizes and quantifies various species of fish, invertebrates, and megafauna in the reefs. Orange Business leverages its partner ecosystem in this project: Netskope’s For Good program is providing the security platform and design, while Microsoft provides free of charge Azure credits as part of its Startups Founders Hub program. “Regenerating the ocean is the best solution we have to mitigate the climate and biodiversity crisis. By leveraging technology, Orange Business brings critical expertise for us to scale our operations and reach a global impact,” explained Anne-Sophie Roux, Founder of Tēnaka. “We wanted to be part of the solution for an environmental challenge. Our employees worldwide support Tēnaka for its inspiring initiative in preserving and rehabilitating coral ecosystems – and one where our technology and digital services can really make a difference to create a positive impact,” commented Kristof Symons, CEO International, Orange Business. Follow continual updates of the Let’s Revive program. About Orange Business Orange Business, the enterprise division of Orange, is a leading network and digital integrator, supporting customers to create positive impact and digital business. The combined strength of its next-generation connectivity, cloud, and cybersecurity expertise, platforms, and partners provides the foundation for enterprises around the world. With 30,000 employees across 65 countries, Orange Business enables its customers’ transformations by orchestrating end-to-end secured digital infrastructure and focusing on the employee, customer, and operational experience. More than 3,000 multinational enterprises, as well as two million professionals, companies and local communities in France, put their trust in Orange Business. Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 291 million customers worldwide at 30 June 2023. In February 2023, the Group presented its strategic plan ““Lead the Future””, built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ““Lead the Future”” capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce ’Orange’s leadership in service quality. Orange is listed on the Euronext Paris (ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (ORAN). For more information: www.orange-business.com or follow us on LinkedIn and on Twitter : @orangebusiness Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240124067806/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ora Technology Plc (ORA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and