Orange Business, Orange Cyberdefense and Palo Alto Networks Join Forces to Deliver Cloud-Native Managed SASE to Enterprises Orange Business, Orange Cyberdefense and Palo Alto Networks (NASDAQ: PANW), the global cybersecurity leader, have joined forces to deliver a managed Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) solution that meets enterprise customers’ most demanding networking and security requirements with high performance, simplicity, and Zero Trust Network Access 2.0. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230620842558/en/ The shift to working from anywhere, software-defined networking, and the rapid adoption of cloud connectivity is enabling global enterprises to drive new levels of productivity and efficiency. However, as they redesign their distributed network infrastructure to meet the demands of hybrid workers and cloud computing, their attack surface expands, and they become increasingly vulnerable to cyber threats. By combining Palo Alto Networks Prisma ® SASE (Prisma Access + Prisma SD-WAN), with the connectivity and digital integration capabilities of Orange Business, along with the Managed Secure Access service by Orange Cyberdefense, customers can meet this challenge with a fully managed SASE solution that delivers a secure foundation for agile, cloud-enabled organizations. Building on trusted next-generation connectivity solutions, Orange Business orchestrates networks, cloud, and cybersecurity components to combine customers’ business strategy with their infrastructure strategy. Evolution Platform is the foundation for a secured, flexible, and virtualized ecosystem. Orange Cyberdefense’s unique threat intelligence backbone, complemented with state-of-the-art capabilities and expertise, including detection and response, helps organizations achieve better security outcomes. Palo Alto Networks is the only SASE provider to be recognized as a Leader in both the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Security Service Edge (SSE) and SD-WAN. Organizations can confidently rely on Prisma SASE, a complete AI-powered SASE solution that combines network security, SD-WAN, and Autonomous Digital Experience Management (ADEM) into a single cloud-delivered service, which enhances security and reduces complexity. Completely rethinking network and security architecture World leader in mineral-based specialties, Imerys was looking to accelerate its cloud transformation, leveraging an agile infrastructure to transform its IT infrastructure to support its business growth, while ensuring the highest level of global security through the managed SASE solution by Orange and Palo Alto Networks. In addition, it has allowed it to help reduce costs by reducing its number of suppliers and to ease its M&A activity. Imerys chose this SASE solution based on Orange Business and Orange Cyberdefense capabilities to create a secure, global, cloud-ready network, while smoothly migrating its current infrastructure. Palo Alto Networks Prisma SASE provides maximum protection, regardless of whether a user is on or off the corporate network, through a zero-trust approach. “As organizations adopt new cloud-based technologies to increase productivity, improve efficiency, and deliver new services, an implied consequence is an expanding digital attack surface,” said Helmut Reisinger, CEO EMEA and LATAM, Palo Alto Networks. “Improving cyber resilience has never been more challenging, so by combining our SASE solution with the services and management capabilities of Orange into a single platform, we are empowering our customers with industry-leading networking and security that is simple to deploy, easy to scale and manage, and delivers the best performance in the industry.” “With more and more enterprises moving their operations to the cloud and taking a digital-first approach, our customers must adopt zero-trust security. Converging networks and security in an agile, simple, and cost-effective way is what our customers demand. Together with Palo Alto Networks and Orange Cyberdefense, we are delivering a fully converged and managed SASE offering that delivers a positive impact for our global customers,” said Aliette Mousnier-Lompre, CEO, Orange Business. “Organizations are looking to securely adopt new technologies and modern ways of working without compromising security, visibility, and end user experience. With many adopting a best-of-platform approach, we help our customers to simplify the delivery of consistent security at scale. The long-standing relationship between Orange Cyberdefense and Palo Alto Networks has resulted in a comprehensive portfolio of services in areas like: Edge security, XDR, cloud security, SASE and SOAR, which we believe helps improve organizations' cyber resilience across the threat lifecycle,” explained Hugues Foulon, CEO, Orange Cyberdefense. About Orange Business Orange Business, the enterprise division of the Orange Group, is a leading network and digital integrator, supporting customers to create positive impact and digital business. The combined strength of its next-generation connectivity, cloud, and cybersecurity expertise, platforms, and partners provides the foundation for enterprises around the world. With 30,000 employees across 65 countries, Orange Business enables its customers’ transformations by orchestrating end-to-end secured digital infrastructure and focusing on the employee, customer, and operational experience. More than 3,000 multinational enterprises, as well as two million professionals, companies and local communities in France, put their trust in Orange Business. Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 288 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2023. In February 2023, the Group presented its strategic plan "Lead the Future", built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. "Lead the Future" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality. Orange is listed on the Euronext Paris (ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (ORAN). For more information: www.orange-business.com or follow us on LinkedIn and on Twitter : @orangebusiness Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited. About Orange Cyberdefense Orange Cyberdefense is the Orange Group entity dedicated to cybersecurity. It has 8,700 customers worldwide. As Europe's leading cybersecurity service provider, we strive to protect freedom and build a safer digital society. Our services capabilities draw their strength from research and intelligence, which allows us to offer our clients unparalleled knowledge of current and emerging threats. With 25 years of experience in the field of information security, 3,000 experts, 18 SOCs and 14 CyberSOCs spread around the world, we know how to address the global and local issues of our customers. We protect them across the entire threat lifecycle in more than 160 countries. About Palo Alto Networks Palo Alto Networks is the world’s cybersecurity leader. We innovate to outpace cyberthreats, so organizations can embrace technology with confidence. We provide next-gen cybersecurity to thousands of customers globally, across all sectors. Our best-in-class cybersecurity platforms and services are backed by industry-leading threat intelligence and strengthened by state-of-the-art automation. Whether deploying our products to enable the Zero Trust Enterprise, responding to a security incident, or partnering to deliver better security outcomes through a world-class partner ecosystem, we’re committed to helping ensure each day is safer than the one before. It’s what makes us the cybersecurity partner of choice. At Palo Alto Networks, we’re committed to bringing together the very best people in service of our mission, so we’re also proud to be the cybersecurity workplace of choice, recognized among Newsweek’s Most Loved Workplaces (2021), Comparably Best Companies for Diversity (2021), and HRC Best Places for LGBTQ Equality (2022). For more information, visit www.paloaltonetworks.com . Palo Alto Networks, the Palo Alto Networks logo, Prisma, Cortex XDR, and Cortex XSOAR are trademarks of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. in the United States and in jurisdictions throughout the world. All other trademarks, trade names, or service marks used or mentioned herein belong to their respective owners. Any unreleased services or features (and any services or features not generally available to customers) referenced in this or other press releases or public statements are not currently available (or are not yet generally available to customers) and may not be delivered when expected or at all. Customers who purchase Palo Alto Networks applications should make their purchase decisions based on services and features currently generally available. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230620842558/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Ora Technology Plc (ORA) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 day ago Bango 1 day ago Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited 1 day ago Staffline Group 1 day ago PureTech Health 1 day ago Vesuvius All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and