Recommended Offer Ora Technology PLC 21 March 2025 NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THE FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENT IS AN ADVERTISEMENT AND NOT A PROSPECTUS OR PROSPECTUS EQUIVALENT DOCUMENT AND INVESTORS SHOULD NOT MAKE ANY INVESTMENT DECISION IN RELATION TO THE ACQUISITION AND CONSIDERATION SHARES EXCEPT ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION IN THE OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE KONDOR CIRCULAR WHICH ARE TO BE PUBLISHED TODAY. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE UK VERSION OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION NO 596/2014 WHICH IS PART OF ENGLISH LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018, AS AMENDED. UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INSIDE INFORMATION IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 21 March 2025 RECOMMENDED ALL SHARE OFFER FOR ORA TECHNOLOGY PLC BY KONDOR AI PLC to be implemented by way of a takeover offer Publication and Posting of the Offer Document Rule 9 Waiver and Notice of Kondor Annual General Meeting 1. Summary · The boards of Kondor AI Plc ("Kondor") and Ora Technology Plc ("Ora") are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended all share offer to be made by Kondor to acquire more than 50% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of Ora (the "Offer" or the "Acquisition"). It is intended that the Acquisition be implemented by means of a takeover offer (as defined in section 974 of the Companies Act 2006) (the "Takeover Offer ") . · Under the terms of the Acquisition, each Ora Shareholder will be entitled to receive: 0.9848 Consideration Shares in exchange for every 1 Ora Share The exchange ratio (the "Exchange Ratio") was originally determined by reference to a valuation of the Enlarged Group of c. £20.56 million for Ora (being its market capitalisation calculated on a ten-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) up to 22 August 2024) and a valuation of c. £17.95 million for Kondor (being its market capitalisation calculated on a ten-day VWAP up to 22 August 2024). On 9 December 2024, Ora announced the issuance of 3,192,500 new ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Ora. Following this issuance, Kondor and Ora have agreed on a revised ratio of 0.9848 Consideration shares for each share in Ora. On this basis, the Offer represents a value of approximately 9.79 pence per Share representing: - a discount of 1.6 per cent. to the Closing Price of 9.95 pence on 22 August 2024, being the last business day prior to the suspension of trading in Ora Shares, and - a discount of 1.6 per cent. to the ten-day VWAP of 9.95 pence per Ora Share on 22 August 2024, being the last business day prior to the suspension of trading in Ora Shares. 2. Background to and reasons for the Acquisition Ora was incorporated in England and Wales on 3 November 2021, with company number 13720688 and admitted to the Access Segment of AQSE on 20 July 2023 having raised in total approx. £1.7 million. Ora operates in the technology sector and has a developed platform with fully integrated payment system and marketing tools. Ora's existing trading platform includes essential features such as KYC/AML compliance, integrated payment systems, marketing tools, and product creation capabilities. These core elements align well with the needs of a marketplace for AI Agents, providing an immediate technical infrastructure to support secure transactions, compliance, and agent management. Kondor's Board believes that there is a compelling strategic and ﬁnancial rationale for the Acquisition which will beneﬁt the shareholders, clients, commercial counterparties and other stakeholders of the Enlarged Group. In the fast-developing AI technology space, Kondor Directors identified an opportunity to create a unified marketplace for businesses and AI agents which will be called sundae_bar . AI agents have emerged as one of the transformative segments in the AI market growth and refer to a software system or program capable of autonomously performing tasks on behalf of a user or another system by designing its workflow and utilising available tools ("AI Agents"). Ora's infrastructure can support the scaling of Kondor's AI functions into a broader marketplace where developers create, share, and monetize other niche AI tools. Following completion of the Acquisition, the Enlarged Group's objective is to create a dynamic platform that serves as a marketplace for AI Agents, enabling AI developers to market, manage, and sell their agents. This platform would provide essential tools for creating, customising, and monetizing AI agents, in order to offer a full-service solution for AI creators similar to how e-commerce platforms empower e-commerce entrepreneurs. To enable a fast development of the sundae_bar platform, developers will have access to tools to scale and monetise AI Agents while giving businesses a trusted space to discover and implement AI solutions, and given the commonality of shareholders between the two companies Kondor has chosen Ora as an acquisition target. On 23 August 2024 Kondor and Ora, pursuant to Rule 2.4 of the City Code, made a joint announcement of a possible offer for Ora by Kondor. The Kondor Directors believe that Kondor's iOS and Android application compatibility could rapidly be extended across a wider portfolio of AI Agents, ensuring the platform is accessible on mobile and desktop environments. Ora's infrastructure can support the scaling of Kondor's application functions into a broader marketplace where developers create, share, and monetise other niche AI tools. AI market is booming and according to Statista Market Insights is estimated to grow to $826.7 billion by 2030 (CAGR of 27.67%) whilst AI Agents market is expected to grow from $5.1 billion (2024) to $47.1 billion (2030). There is currently no dominant marketplace player for AI agents. Rule 9 Waiver The Takeover Panel has agreed to waive the obligation on Kondor Concert Party to make a general offer that would otherwise arise on account of the allotment and issue to them of the Consideration Shares, subject to the approval by the Independent Shareholders of the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution on a poll. The Kondor board is pleased to announce that the Kondor Annual General Meeting is to be held at 1:00 p.m. (London time) on 16 April 2025, at the offices of Druces LLP, Salisbury House, London Wall, London, EC2M 5PS in order to put to Kondor Shareholders the resolutions, amongst other things, required to grant (i) the authority to issue and allot the Consideration Shares, and (ii) approve the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution. An explanatory circular and notice of the Kondor Annual General Meeting, which together with the Form of Proxy are being posted today to Kondor Shareholders (the "Kondor Circular"). Copies of the Kondor Circular and the Notice of AGM, which together with the Form of Proxy, can be viewed and downloaded from the Company's website at https://www.kondor.ai/proposed-acquisition . Commenting on today's announcement, Jonathan Bixby, Chairman of Kondor, said: "The Board is pleased to announce the proposed acquisition of Ora by Kondor which it firmly believes will benefit both our existing and new shareholders. This transaction creates a well-positioned and well capitalized pure play AI Company giving the Combined Group's shareholders the opportunity to participate in potential upside from the complementary Kondor and Ora technologies, with a focus on AI Agents. Shareholders in the Combined Group will benefit from material cost savings and efficiencies along with benefitting from significant future growth opportunities to enhance shareholder returns." Commenting on today's announcement, Michael Edwards, Executive Chairman of Ora, said: "The Board is pleased to announce the acquisition of Ora by Kondor which it firmly believes will benefit existing ORA shareholders and the shareholders of Kondor. As a pure play AI company with a focus on AI Agents the combined entity is very well positioned. Combining the two entities will reduce the total costs of operation and listing compliance and the Board are looking forward to the shareholders benefitting from future growth opportunities in the burgeoning AI Agent sector." 3. Posting of the Offer Document The Kondor Board is pleased to announce that the Offer Document containing the full terms of the Offer (the "Offer Document" ) has today been published and is being posted to the shareholders of Kondor and Ora (other than those located in a Restricted Jurisdiction), together (where applicable) with the related Form of Acceptance (in relation to Ora Shares held in certificated form), Rule 15 letter and Form of Election are being posted to Ora's shareholders. 4. Procedure for acceptance of the Offer The Offer will remain open for acceptances until Kondor confirms the Closing Date, with shareholders receiving at least 14 days' notice prior to the specified date. Such notice will be given to Ora Shareholders via an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service and will advise of the final settlement date, with such announcement being made available on Ora's website at www.plc.oracarbon.com . If the Offer becomes unconditional as to acceptances and the Acquisition Resolutions are passed at the Kondor Annual General Meeting, the earliest date on which the Offer can be closed is 30 April 2025 (subject to Kondor giving Ora shareholders at least 14 days' notice). Except with the consent of the Panel, all of the conditions to an Offer must be satisfied or waived, or the offer must lapse by midnight on 20 May 2025. 5. Kondor recommendation The Kondor Directors, who have been so advised by First Sentinel Corporate Finance Limited ("First Sentinel") as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Kondor Directors, First Sentinel has taken into account the commercial assessments of the Company Directors. First Sentinel is providing independent financial advice to the Kondor Directors for the purpose of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. 6. Ora recommendation The Ora Directors, who have been so advised by Alfred Henry Corporate Finance Limited ("Alfred Henry") as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Ora Directors, Alfred Henry has taken into account the commercial assessments of the Ora Directors. Alfred Henry is providing independent financial advice to the Ora Directors for the purpose of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. Accordingly, the Ora Directors believe that the Acquisition is in the best interests of Ora Shareholders as a whole and recommend unanimously that Ora Shareholders to accept the Offer, as all the Ora Directors holding Ora Shares have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of 60,001,000 Ora Shares (representing, in aggregate, approximately 28.59% of the Ora Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date). 7. Irrevocable undertakings As set out above, Kondor has received irrevocable undertakings from the Ora Directors to accept the Offer in respect of their registered holdings in Ora Shares amounting in aggregate to 60,001,000 Ora Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 28.59 per cent. of the Ora Shares in issue on the Last Practicable Date. Kondor has also received irrevocable undertakings from certain other Ora Shareholders to accept the Offer in respect of 64,037,550 Ora Shares, representing approximately 30.51% of the Ora Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. In aggregate, Kondor has received irrevocable undertakings from the Ora Directors and certain other Ora Shareholders to accept the Offer in respect of a total of 124,038,550 Ora Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 59.10% of the Ora Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. These undertakings will remain binding in the event of a competing offer being made. In addition to the irrevocable undertakings noted above, Kondor has received irrevocable undertakings to vote or procure the vote in favour of the Acquisition Resolutions (excluding the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution) required for the issue of the Consideration Shares to the Ora Shareholders. These undertakings have been received from the Kondor Directors in respect of a total of 49,500,000 Kondor Shares, representing 27.49% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date and from the Kondor Shareholders in respect of a total of 44,000,000 Kondor Shares, representing 24.44% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. The combined total is therefore in respect of 93,500,000 shares, representing 51.93% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. Kondor has also received irrevocable undertakings to vote or procure the vote in favour of the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution required for the issue of the Consideration Shares to the Ora Shareholders. These undertakings have been received from the Kondor Independent Directors in respect of a total of 500,000 Kondor Shares, representing 0.28% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date and from the Kondor Shareholders in respect of a total of 5,000,000 Kondor Shares, representing 2.78% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. The combined total is therefore in respect of 5,500,00 shares, representing 3.05% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. Full details of the irrevocable undertakings received by Kondor are set out in Appendix 3 to this announcement. 8. Timetable and conditions The Acquisition will be implemented by way of a Takeover Offer. The purpose of the Offer is to provide for Kondor to become the owner of more than 50% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of Ora. This is to be achieved by transferring the Ora Shares held by Ora Shareholders to Kondor, in consideration for which Kondor will allot and issue the Consideration Shares to the Ora Shareholders on the basis of 0.9848 Consideration Shares for each 1 Ora Share. In order to allot and issue the Consideration Shares, Kondor is required to seek the approval of the Kondor Shareholders of the Acquisition Resolutions at the Kondor Annual General Meeting. The Acquisition is accordingly conditional on the approval of the Kondor Shareholders of the Acquisition Resolutions. The Acquisition Resolutions also include the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution. The Offer is conditional upon, amongst other things, Kondor receiving valid acceptances (which have not been withdrawn) in respect of and/or having otherwise acquired or agreed to acquire Ora Shares which constitute more than 50 per cent of the voting rights attached to the Ora Shares. Immediately upon the Offer becoming unconditional as to acceptances, subject to Kondor having not invoked or sought to invoke any Condition prior to that time, Kondor shall declare the Offer wholly unconditional. The Acquisition will be on the terms and subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement. The Offer Document will include full details of the Offer, together with an explanatory statement providing details of the Offer. The Offer Document will also contain the expected timetable of the Acquisition and will specify the necessary actions to be taken by Ora Shareholders. The Offer Document will be sent to Ora Shareholders within 28 days of the date of this announcement (or such later date as Ora, Kondor and the Panel agree). The Kondor Circular is being sent today to Kondor Shareholders, summarising the background to, and reasons for, the Acquisition, and including a notice convening the Kondor Annual General Meeting. Expected timetable of principal events The current expected timetable of principal events for the implementation of the Offer is set out below and in the Offer Document. If any of the key dates set out in the expected timetable changes, an announcement will be made through a Regulatory Information Service. All times shown in this announcement are references to London time unless otherwise stated. Announcement of the O f fer 21 March 2025 Posting to Ora Shareholders of Offer D ocument and the Form of Acceptance 21 March 2025 Posting to Kondor Shareholders of the Kondor Circula r and the Form(s) of Proxy 21 March 2025 T ime and date of the Kondor Annual General Meeting 1:00pm on 16 April 2025 Earliest date on which the O f fer is expected to become or be declared unconditional in all respects and 14 days' notice of the Closing Date can be given 1:00pm on 16 April 2025 CREST accounts expected to be credited in respect of Consideration Shares (where applicable)* 8:00am on 30 April 2025 Date by which certificates in respect of Consideration Shares are expected to be despatched (where applicable)* By the week commencing 14 May 2025 * assuming that the Offer becomes unconditional as to acceptances on or prior to 16 April 2025 and that the Acquisition Resolutions are passed at the Kondor Annual General Meeting. 9. General The Ora Directors are responsible for arranging this announcement on behalf of Ora. The Kondor Directors are responsible for arranging this announcement on behalf of Kondor. The LEI of Ora is 894500PYLZIX23W4NG69 . The LEI of Kondor is 984500EF5CD7E658D446. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is subject to, the following full text of this announcement and the Appendices. The Offer will be subject to the further terms and conditions set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement and to the full terms and conditions which will be set out in the Offer Document. Appendix 2 contains bases and sources of certain information contained in this announcement. Details of irrevocable undertakings received by Kondor are set out in Appendix 3. Certain terms used in this announcement are defined in Appendix 4. A copy of this announcement is available, subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions, for inspection on Kondor's website at www.kondor.ai and Ora's website at www.plc.oracarbon.com. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of these websites and of any other website accessible by hyperlinks on this website, are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, this announcement. Enquiries: Kondor AI PLC Jonathan Bixby, Executive Chairman Via First Sentinel First Sentinel Corporate Finance Limited Rule 3 Adviser to Kondor and Corporate Adviser Brian Stockbridge Gabrielle Cordeiro +44 (0) 7858 888007 Ora Technology PLC Michael Edwards, Executive Chairman Via Alfred Henry Alfred Henry Corporate Finance Ltd Rule 3 Adviser to Ora Nick Michaels +44 (0) 020 3772 0021 Clear Capital Markets Limited (Corporate Broker) Bob Roberts +44 (0) 20 3869 6080 Druces LLP is providing legal advice to Kondor in connection with the Acquisition. DHM Stallard LLP is providing legal advice to Ora in connection with the Acquisition. Inside information This Announcement contains inside information as defined in the UK Market Abuse Regulation. Upon the publication of this announcement via a Regulatory Information Service, such inside information is now considered to be in the public domain. The person responsible for arranging the release of this Announcement on behalf of Kondor is Jonathan Bixby, Executive Chairman. The person responsible for arranging the release of this Announcement on behalf of Ora is Nicholas Lyth, Financial Director. IMPORTANT NOTICES Further information This announcement is for information purposes only and is not intended to and does not constitute or form part of any offer to sell or subscribe for or any invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Acquisition or otherwise. The Acquisition will be made solely pursuant to the terms of the Offer Document, which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Acquisition, together with the accompanying Forms of Proxy. Any vote in respect of the Offer or other response in relation to the Acquisition should be made only on the basis of the information contained in the Offer Document. This announcement is not a prospectus, prospectus equivalent document or Offer Document. The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe any applicable legal or regulatory requirements. In particular, the ability of persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Ora Shares with respect to the Offer, may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. This announcement has been prepared for the purposes of complying with English law and the Takeover Code and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus or prospectus equivalent document. The Offer Document, together with the relevant Forms of Proxy, will be published as soon as practicable and in any event within 28 days of this announcement (unless otherwise agreed with the Panel). The statements contained in this announcement are made as at the date of this announcement, unless some other time is specified in relation to them, and the release of this announcement shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set out in this announcement since such date. The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in or into jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by the laws and/or regulations of those jurisdictions and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes who are subject to the laws and/or regulations of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should inform themselves about and observe any such applicable laws and/or regulations in their jurisdiction. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. Copies of this announcement and any documentation relating to the Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction and persons receiving such documents (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward, distribute or send it in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction. If the Acquisition is implemented by way of Takeover Offer (unless otherwise permitted by applicable law or regulation), the Takeover Offer may not be made, directly or indirectly, in or into or by use of the mails or any other means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, facsimile, email or other electronic transmission, telex or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction and the Takeover Offer will not be capable of acceptance by any such use, means, instrumentality or facilities or from within any Restricted Jurisdiction. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) nor under any of the relevant securities laws of any Restricted Jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Consideration Shares may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, into any Restricted Jurisdiction, except pursuant to exemptions from applicable requirements of any such jurisdiction. Rules 26.1 and 26.2 Disclosure Pursuant to Rules 26.1 and 26.2 of the Takeover Code , a copy of this announcement and the documents required to be published will be available, subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions, on Kondor's website at www.kondor.ai and at Ora's website at www.plc.oracarbon.com by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the Business Day following the date of this announcement). For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of the websites referred to in this announcement, and the contents of any websites accessible from hyperlinks on such websites are not incorporated into and does not form part of this announcement. Requesting Hard Copy Documents Pursuant to Rule 30.3 of the Takeover Code , a person so entitled may request a copy of this announcement and any information incorporated into it by reference to another source in hard copy form by writing to Neville Registrars Limited at Neville House, Steelpark Road, Halesowen B62 8HD or by calling telephone number +44 (0)121 585 1131 between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales). A person may also request that all future documents, announcements and information to be sent to that person in relation to the Offer should be in hard copy form. Rule 2.9 Disclosure In accordance with Rule 2.9 of the Takeover Code, Ora confirms that, as at the close of business on 20 March 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this announcement), it has 209,870,075 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in issue and 37,897,620 warrants to subscribe for ordinary shares of 0.1 pence (35,000,000 warrants are exercisable at 1 pence per share until 19 July 2026 and 2,897,620 warrants are exercisable at 2 pence per share until 19 July 2026). The Shares of Ora are admitted to trading on the Access segment of the AQSE Growth Market. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Ora Shares isGB00BP4YBY34. In accordance with Rule 2.9 of the Takeover Code, Kondor confirms that, as at the close of business on 20 March 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this announcement), it has 180,050,000 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in issue and 70,300,500 warrants to subscribe for ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each (60,500,000 warrants exercisable at 1 pence until 21 December 2026 and 9,800,500 exercisable a 3 pence until 21 December 2028). The Shares of Kondor are admitted to trading on the Access segment of the AQSE Growth Market. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Kondor Shares is GB00BRXKJ754. No Profit Forecasts or Estimates No statement in this announcement is intended, or is to be construed, as a profit forecast, profit estimate, or quantified financial benefits statement or estimate for any period and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or earnings per share for Kondor or Ora for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or earnings per share for Kondor or for Ora. Other Disclosure Requirements of the Takeover Code Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Takeover Code, any person who is interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of the offeree company. An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10 th Business Day following the commencement of the offer period. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure. Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Takeover Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of the offeree company, save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day following the date of the relevant dealing. If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3. Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offeror and Dealing Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company, by any offeror and by any persons acting in concert with any of them (see Rules 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4 of the Takeover Code). Details of the offeree and offeror companies in respect of whose relevant securities Opening Position Disclosures and Dealing Disclosures must be made can be found in the Disclosure Table on the Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk, including details of the number of relevant securities in issue, when the offer period commenced and when any offeror was first identified. You should contact the Panel's Market Surveillance Unit on +44(0)20 7638 0129 if you are in any doubt as to whether you are required to make an Opening Position Disclosure or a Dealing Disclosure. Disclaimers Alfred Henry Ltd ("Alfred Henry"), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the UK, is acting as a Rule 3 adviser exclusively for Ora and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this Announcement and will not be responsible to any person other than Ora for providing the protections afforded to clients of Alfred Henry, nor for providing advice in relation to the Offer, the content of this Announcement or any matter referred to herein. First Sentinel Financial Advisory Limited ("First Sentinel"), which is authorised and regulated by the FCA in the UK, is acting as financial adviser and Rule 3 adviser exclusively for Kondor and no one else in connection with the Offer and the matters set out in this Announcement and will not be responsible to any person other than Kondor for providing the protections afforded to clients of First Sentinel, nor for providing advice in relation to the Offer, the content of this Announcement or any matter referred to herein. Rounding Certain figures included in this announcement have been subjected to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. Forward-looking Statements This announcement (including any information incorporated by reference in this announcement), oral statements made regarding the Acquisition, and other information published by Kondor and Ora may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Kondor and/or Ora and certain plans and objectives of Kondor and/or Ora with respect thereto. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as "anticipate", "target", "expect", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "goal", "believe", "hope", "aims", "continue", "will", "may", "should", "would", "could", or other words of similar meaning. These statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by Kondor and/or Ora in the light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, future developments and other factors they believe appropriate. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future and the factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this document could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although it is believed that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct and you are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as at the date of this document. Neither Kondor nor Ora assumes any obligation to update or correct the information contained in this announcement (whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise), except as required by applicable law. There are several factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are changes in the global, political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory forces, future exchange and interest rates, changes in tax rates and future business combinations or dispositions. Neither Kondor nor Ora, nor any of their respective associates or directors, officers, employees or advisers, provides any representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this announcement will actually occur. Given the uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this announcement. All subsequent oral or written forward-looking statements attributable to Kondor or Ora or any of their respective members, directors, officers, employees or advisers or any persons acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. Kondor and Ora disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking or other statements contained in this announcement, except as required by applicable law or regulation, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. General No person should construe the contents of this announcement as legal, financial or tax advice. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this announcement or the action you should take, you are recommended to seek your own independent financial advice immediately from your stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or independent financial adviser duly authorised under FSMA if you are resident in the United Kingdom or, if not, from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN, INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. THE FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENT IS AN ADVERTISEMENT AND NOT A PROSPECTUS OR PROSPECTUS EQUIVALENT DOCUMENT AND INVESTORS SHOULD NOT MAKE ANY INVESTMENT DECISION IN RELATION TO THE ACQUISITION AND CONSIDERATION SHARES EXCEPT ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION IN THE OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE KONDOR CIRCULAR WHICH ARE BEING PUBLISHED TODAY. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION AS STIPULATED UNDER THE UK VERSION OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION NO 596/2014 WHICH IS PART OF ENGLISH LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018, AS AMENDED. UPON THE PUBLICATION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT VIA A REGULATORY INFORMATION SERVICE, THIS INSIDE INFORMATION IS NOW CONSIDERED TO BE IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 21 March 2025 RECOMMENDED ALL SHARE OFFER FOR ORA TECHNOLOGY PLC BY KONDOR AI PLC to be effected by way of a Takeover Offer 1 Introduction The boards of Kondor AI Plc ("Kondor") and Ora Technology Plc ("Ora") are pleased to announce that they have reached agreement on the terms of a recommended all share offer to be made by Kondor to acquire more than 50% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of Ora (the "Offer" or the "Acquisition"). It is intended that the Acquisition be implemented by means of a takeover offer (as defined in section 974 of the Companies Act 2006) (the "Takeover Offer ") . 2 The Acquisition Under the terms of the Acquisition, each Ora Shareholder will be entitled to receive: 0.9848 Consideration Shares in exchange for each 1 Ora Share The exchange ratio (the "Exchange Ratio") was originally determined by reference to a valuation of the Enlarged Group of c. £20.56 million for Ora (being its market capitalisation calculated on a ten-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) up to 22 August 2024) and a valuation of c. £17.95 million for Kondor (being its market capitalisation calculated on a ten-day VWAP up to 22 August 2024). On 9 December 2024, Ora announced the issuance of 3,192,500 new ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of Ora. Following this issuance, Kondor and Ora have agreed on a revised ratio of 0.9848 Consideration shares for each share in Ora. On this basis, the Offer represents a value of approximately 9.79 pence per Share representing: - a discount of 1.6 per cent. to the Closing Price of 9.95 pence on 22 August 2024, being the last business day prior to the suspension of trading in Ora Shares, and - a discount of 1.6 per cent. to the ten-day VWAP of 9.95 pence per Ora Share on 22 August 2024, being the last business day prior to the suspension of trading in Ora Shares. Upon completion of the Acquisition, in a scenario in which 100 per cent. of Ora Shareholders accept the Offer, Ora Shareholders will hold approximately 53.44 per cent. of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group and Kondor Shareholders will hold approximately 46.56 per cent. of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group. Certain members of the Concert Party in Kondor are shareholders in Ora. In a scenario of acceptance by only members of the Concert Party in Kondor, representing 62.13 per cent. of Ora's share capital, Ora Shareholders will hold approximately 41.63 per cent. of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group and Kondor Shareholders will hold approximately 58.37 per cent. of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group. The Consideration Shares will be allotted and issued credited as fully paid and will rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Kondor Shares in issue at the time the Consideration Shares are allotted and issued pursuant to the Offer, including the right to receive and retain dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid after the date of this document. Subject to the Conditions and further terms set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement and to be set out in full in the Offer Document, the Ora Shares will be acquired under the Offer fully paid and free from all liens, equitable interests, charges, encumbrances, options, rights of pre-emption and any other third party rights or interests of any nature whatsoever and together with all rights attaching thereto, including the right to receive and retain all dividends and other distributions and returns of value declared, paid or made after the Offer becomes or is declared unconditional in all respects. The Acquisition will be subject to the Conditions and certain further terms set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement. The Offer Document will include full details of the Offer, together with an explanatory statement providing details of the Offer. The Offer Document will also contain the expected timetable of the Acquisition and will specify the necessary actions to be taken by Ora Shareholders. The Offer Document will be sent to Ora Shareholders within 28 days of the date of this announcement (or such later date as Ora, Kondor and the Panel agree). Kondor Circular is being sent today to Kondor Shareholders, summarising the background to, and reasons for, the Acquisition, and including a notice convening the Kondor Annual General Meeting. 3 Background to and reasons for the Acquisition Ora was incorporated in England and Wales on 3 November 2021, with company number 13720688 and admitted to the Access Segment of AQSE on 20 July 2023 having raised in total approx. £1.7 million. Ora operates in the technology sector and has a developed platform with fully integrated payment system and marketing tools. Ora's existing trading platform includes essential features such as KYC/AML compliance, integrated payment systems, marketing tools, and product creation capabilities. These core elements align well with the needs of a marketplace for AI Agents, providing an immediate technical infrastructure to support secure transactions, compliance, and agent management. In the fast-developing AI technology space, Kondor Directors identified an opportunity to create a unified marketplace for businesses and AI agents which will be called sundae_bar . AI agents have emerged as one of the transformative segments in the AI market growth and refer to a software system or program capable of autonomously performing tasks on behalf of a user or another system by designing its workflow and utilising available tools ("AI Agents"). Ora's infrastructure can support the scaling of Kondor's AI functions into a broader marketplace where developers create, share, and monetize other niche AI tools. Following completion of the Acquisition, the Enlarged Group's objective is to create a dynamic platform that serves as a marketplace for AI Agents, enabling AI developers to market, manage, and sell their agents. This platform would provide essential tools for creating, customising, and monetizing AI agents, in order to offer a full-service solution for AI creators similar to how e-commerce platforms empower e-commerce entrepreneurs. To enable a fast development of the sundae_bar platform, developers will have access to tools to scale and monetise AI Agents while giving businesses a trusted space to discover and implement AI solutions, and given the commonality of shareholders between the two companies Kondor has chosen Ora as an acquisition target. On 23 August 2024 the Company and Ora, pursuant to Rule 2.4 of the City Code, made a joint announcement of a possible offer for Ora by the Company. The Kondor Directors believe that Kondor's iOS and Android application compatibility could rapidly be extended across a wider portfolio of AI Agents, ensuring the platform is accessible on mobile and desktop environments. Ora's infrastructure can support the scaling of Kondor's application functions into a broader marketplace where developers create, share, and monetise other niche AI tools. AI market is booming and according to Statista Market Insights is estimated to grow to $826.7 billion by 2030 (CAGR of 27.67%) whilst AI Agents market is expected to grow from $5.1 billion (2024) to $47.1 billion (2030). There is currently no dominant marketplace player for AI agents. The Ora Directors and the Kondor Directors believe that the Acquisition will deliver material value for both sets of shareholders and that there is a compelling strategic and financial rationale for the Acquisition which will benefit the shareholders, clients, commercial counterparties and other stakeholders of the Enlarged Group. Rule 9 Waiver The Takeover Panel has agreed to waive the obligation on Kondor's Concert Party to make a general offer that would otherwise arise on account of the allotment and issue to them of the Consideration Shares, subject to the approval by the Kondor Independent Shareholders of the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution on a poll. Kondor intends to call the Annual General Meeting to convene on 16 April 2025 in order to put to Kondor Shareholders the resolutions, amongst other things, required to grant (i) the authority to issue and allot the Consideration Shares, and (ii) approve the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution. 4 Recommendation The Kondor Directors, who have been so advised by First Sentinel Corporate Finance Limited ("First Sentinel") as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Kondor Directors, First Sentinel has taken into account the commercial assessments of the Kondor Directors. First Sentinel is providing independent financial advice to the Kondor Directors for the purpose of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. The Ora Directors, who have been so advised by Alfred Henry Corporate Finance Limited ("Alfred Henry") as to the financial terms of the Acquisition, consider the terms of the Acquisition to be fair and reasonable. In providing its advice to the Ora Directors, Alfred Henry has taken into account the commercial assessments of the Ora Directors. Alfred Henry is providing independent financial advice to the Ora Directors for the purpose of Rule 3 of the Takeover Code. Accordingly, the Ora Directors believe that the Acquisition is in the best interests of Ora Shareholders as a whole and recommend unanimously that Ora Shareholders to accept the Offer, as all the Ora Directors holding Ora Shares have irrevocably undertaken to do in respect of their registered holdings in Ora Shares amounting in aggregate to 60,001,000 Ora Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 28.59 per cent. of the Ora Shares in issue on the Last Practicable Date. 5 Irrevocable undertakings As set out above, Kondor has received irrevocable undertakings from the Ora Directors in respect of their registered holdings in Ora Shares amounting in aggregate to 60,001,000 Ora Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 28.59 % of the Ora Shares in issue on the Last Practicable Date. Kondor has also received irrevocable undertakings from certain other Ora Shareholders to accept the Offer in respect of 64,037,550 Ora Shares, representing approximately 30.51% of the Ora Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. In aggregate, Kondor has received irrevocable undertakings from the Ora Directors and certain other Ora Shareholders to accept the Offer in respect of a total of 124,038,550 Ora Shares, representing, in aggregate, approximately 59.10% of the Ora Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. These undertakings will remain binding in the event of a competing offer being made. In addition to the irrevocable undertakings noted above, Kondor has received irrevocable undertakings to vote or procure the vote in favour of the Acquisition Resolutions required for the issue of the Consideration Shares to the Ora Shareholders. These undertakings have been received from the Kondor Directors in respect of a total of 49,500,000 Kondor Shares, representing 27.49% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date and from the Kondor Shareholders in respect of a total of 44,000,000 Kondor Shares, representing 24.44% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. The combined total is therefore in respect of 93,500,000 shares, representing 51.93% of the Kondor Shares in issue as at the Latest Practicable Date. Full details of the irrevocable undertakings received by Kondor are set out in Appendix 3 to this announcement. 6 Information on Kondor Kondor was incorporated on 1 November 2021 as a public limited company in England and Wales under the name of North Gate Management Incubator Plc and renamed as Kondor AI PLC on 27 October 2023. Kondor is limited by shares and subject to the provisions of the Companies Act. Kondor's registered number is 13714088. Kondor was formed to operate a software business engaged in the development of advanced artificial intelligence (" AI ") products with a particular focus on vision-based AI. Kondor's primary offering was an AI assistant application that leveraged advanced vision AI technology to analyse images, identify objects, translate text from over 100 languages, and provide detailed insights. In the fast-developing AI technology space, Kondor Directors identified an opportunity to create a unified marketplace for businesses and AI agents which will be called sundae_bar. AI agents have emerged as one of the transformative segments in the AI market growth and refer to a software system or program capable of autonomously performing tasks on behalf of a user or another system by designing its workflow and utilising available tools (" AI Agents "). Kondor was admitted to the Access Segment of the Aquis Stock Exchange Growth Market (" AQSE ") on 21 December 2023 having raised initial (pre-IPO) capital of £400,500 and a further £1.5 million in connection with Aquis IPO. Further details in relation to Kondor will be contained in the Offer Document. 7 Information on Ora Ora was incorporated in England and Wales on 3 November 2021, with company number 13720688 and admitted to the Access Segment of Aquis on 20 July 2023 having raised in total approx. £1.7 million. Ora operates in the technology sector and has a developed platform with fully integrated payment system and marketing tools. Following completion of the acquisition by Kondor of more than 50% of the entire issued share capital of Ora, the Enlarged Group's objective is to create a dynamic platform that serves as a marketplace for AI Agents, enabling AI developers to market, manage, and sell their agents. This platform would provide essential tools for creating, customising, and monetizing AI agents, in order to offer a full-service solution for AI creators similar to how e-commerce platforms empowers e-commerce entrepreneurs. Ora's existing platform already includes essential features such as KYC/AML compliance, integrated payment systems, marketing tools, and product creation capabilities. These core elements align well with the needs of a marketplace for AI Agents, providing an immediate technical infrastructure to support secure transactions, compliance, and agent management. 8 Conditions to the Offer and the Acquisition The O f fer is conditional upon, amongst other things, Kondor receiving valid acceptances (which have not been withdrawn) in respect of and/or having otherwise acquired or agreed to acquire Ora Shares which constitute more than 50 per cent of the voting rights attached to the Ora Shares. Immediately upon the O f fer becoming unconditional as to acceptances, subject to Kondor having not invoked or sought to invoke any Condition prior to that time, Kondor shall declare the O f fer wholly unconditional. In order to allot and issue the Consideration Shares, Kondor is required to seek the approval of the Kondor Shareholders of the Acquisition Resolutions at the Kondor Annual General Meeting. The Acquisition is accordingly conditional on the approval of the Kondor Shareholders of the Acquisition Resolutions. The Acquisition Resolutions also include the Rule 9 Waiver Resolution. Upon completion of the Acquisition, in a scenario in which 100% of Ora Shareholders accept the Offer, Ora Shareholders will hold approximately 53.44% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group and Kondor Shareholders will hold approximately 46.56% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group. Certain members of the Concert Party in Kondor are shareholders in Ora. In a scenario of acceptance by only members of the Concert Party in Kondor, representing 62.13 per cent. of Ora's share capital, Ora Shareholders will hold approximately 41.63% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group and Kondor Shareholders will hold approximately 58.37% of the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Enlarged Group. Forms of Acceptance (in respect of certificated Ora Shares) in relation to the O f fer should be received as soon as possible but in any event by not later than 1.00 p.m. on the Closing Date. Electronic Acceptances (in respect of uncertificated Ora Shares) through CREST should be received as soon as possible but , in any event, should be made so that the TTE Instruction settles by no later than 1.00 p.m. on the Closing Date. The Offer will remain open for acceptances until Kondor confirms the Closing Date, with shareholders receiving at least 14 days' notice prior to the specified date. Such notice will be given to Ora Shareholders via an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service and will advise of the final settlement date, with such announcement being made available on Ora's website at www.plc.oracarbon.com.The procedure for acceptance of the O f fer is set out in in Parts C and D of Part III to the Offer Document and in the Form of Acceptance. The Kondor Circular is being sent today to Kondor Shareholders, summarising the background to, and reasons for, the Acquisition, and including a notice convening the Kondor Annual General Meeting. 9 Disclosure of Interests a. Interests and dealings in relevant Ora Shares i. As at close of business on the disclosure date, Kondor had no interest in any relevant Ora Shares. ii. As at the close of business on the disclosure date (being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this document), the interests (as defined in section 820 of the Act) of the Kondor Directors and their immediate families, related trusts and connected persons, all of which are beneficial unless otherwise stated, in relevant securities of Ora were as follows: Name No of Ora Shares % shareholding of issued share capital of Ora Toro Consulting Ltd (shares held by Jonathan Bixby) 12,000,000 5.72% iii. As at the close of business on the disclosure date, the interests (as defined in section 820 of the Act) of the Ora Directors and their respective immediate families, related trusts and connected persons, all of which are beneﬁcial unless otherwise stated, in relevant Ora securities were as follows: Name No of Ora Shares No of Ora Warrants % shareholding of issued share capital of Ora Marallo Holdings Inc (controlled by Michael Edwards) 58,000,000 20,000,000 27.64% Nicholas Lyth 2,001,000 7,000,000 0.95% Jonathan Hives - 3,000,000 - iv. There were no dealings for value in Ora securities by persons acting in concert with Kondor (including members of the Concert Party) for the purpose of the Offer have taken place during the disclosure period. v. Kondor holds no Ora Shares and has not dealt therein during the disclosure period. b. Interests in Kondor Shares i. As at the close of business on the disclosure date, the interests of the Ora Directors (and their respective immediate families, related trusts and connected persons) and the persons acting in concert with Ora for the purposes of the Offer in any relevant Kondor securities were as follows: Name No of Kondor shares No of Kondor warrants % shareholding of issued share capital of Kondor Marallo Holdings Inc (controlled by Michael Edwards) - - - Nicholas Lyth 3,000,000 9,000,000 1.67% Jonathan Hives - - ii. As at the close of business on the disclosure date, the interests of the Kondor Directors (and their respective immediate families, related trusts and connected persons), all of which are beneﬁcial unless otherwise stated, in relevant Kondor securities, together with the relevant percentages of the Kondor Shares in issue at the Latest Practicable Date, were as follows: Name No of Kondor shares No of Kondor warrants % shareholding of issued share capital of Kondor Toro Consulting Ltd (shares held by Jonathan Bixby) 49,000,000 26,000,000 27.21% Benjamin Sampson 500,000 2,000,000 0.28% Jill Kenney - 2,000,000 - Nicholos Hellyer - 2,000,000 - iii. As at the close of business on the disclosure date, no options over Kondor Shares have been granted to the Kondor Directors. There is no current intention or proposal to grant any options to the Kondor Directors on the Offer becoming unconditional. iv. As at the close of business on the disclosure date, the interests of Kondor and the persons acting in concert with Kondor (in addition to the Kondor Directors (together with respective immediate families, related trusts and connected persons)) in relevant Kondor securities were as set out in paragraph 9 of Appendix 3. v. There were no dealings for value in Kondor securities by the Kondor Directors and their respective immediate families, related trusts and connected persons have taken place during the disclosure period. vi. There were no dealings for value in Kondor securities by persons acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer (including members of the Concert Party have taken place during the disclosure period. vii. Ora holds no Kondor Shares and has not dealt therein during the disclosure period. c. General As at the close of business on the disclosure date, save as Disclosed in this document: i. Kondor had no interest in or right to subscribe for any relevant Ora securities, nor had it dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the disclosure period; ii. none of the directors of Kondor nor any of their close relatives, connected persons or related trusts, had an interest in or a right to subscribe for any relevant Ora securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the disclosure period; iii. no person acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer (including members of the Concert Party) had an interest in, or a right to subscribe for, any relevant Ora securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the disclosure period; iv. no person with whom Kondor or any person acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer (including members of the Concert Party) has an arrangement had an interest in or a right to subscribe for any relevant Ora securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the disclosure period; v. none of Kondor, the directors of Kondor (or their respective close relatives, connected persons or related trusts), any person acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer (including members of the Concert Party), or any person with whom Kondor or any person acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer has an arrangement, has any interest in the relevant Ora securities; vi. none of Ora or the Ora Directors or any of their respective close relatives connected persons or related trusts had an interest in or a right to subscribe for any relevant Kondor securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; vii. none of the Ora Directors or any of their respective close relatives connected persons or related trusts had an interest in or a right to subscribe for any relevant Ora securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; viii. no person acting in concert with Ora for the purpose of the Offer had any interest in, or right to subscribe for any relevant Ora securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; ix. no person with whom Ora or any person acting in concert with Ora for the purpose of the Offer has an arrangement had any interest in any relevant Ora securities, nor had such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; x. neither Ora, nor any of the Ora Directors (including any members of such directors' respective immediate families, related trusts or connected persons) had any interest in or right to subscribe for, or had any short position in relation to, any relevant Kondor securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Kondor securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; xi. no person acting in concert with Ora had any interest in any relevant Kondor securities, nor had any such person dealt in any relevant Kondor securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; xii. neither Ora nor any person acting in concert with Ora for the purpose of the Offer has an arrangement had any interest in any relevant Kondor securities, nor had such person dealt in any relevant Ora securities during the period between the start of the Offer Period and ending on the Latest Practicable Date; xiii. Ora had not redeemed or purchased any relevant Ora securities during the disclosure period; xiv. neither Ora, nor any person acting in concert with Ora for the purpose of the Offer had borrowed or lent any relevant Ora securities or Kondor securities respectively (including any ﬁnancial collateral arrangements); xv. neither Kondor nor any person acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer (including members of the Concert Party) had borrowed or lent any relevant Ora securities or Kondor securities respectively (including any ﬁnancial collateral arrangements); xvi. there were no arrangements which existed between Ora or any associate of Ora and any other person; and xvii. there were no arrangements which existed between Kondor, or any person acting in concert with Kondor for the purpose of the Offer (including members of the Concert Party), and any other person. 10 I n te n t i o n s for future business Strategic Plans for Ora Kondor has identified an opportunity to create a unified marketplace for businesses and AI agents as set out above. Based on due diligence completed prior to the date of this Announcement, Kondor believes Ora's infrastructure can support the scaling of Kondor's AI functions into a broader marketplace where developers create, share, and monetize other niche AI tools. Thus, Kondor intends to repivot Ora's existing trading platform features (such as KYC/AML compliance, integrated payment systems, marketing tools, and product creation capabilities) into supporting its revised business model. Intentions for employees, management, existing rights and pension schemes Ora's employees comprise its three directors. Ora has historically only engaged self-employed persons and consultants to build its technology, which include a company called Crowdform Ltd which has previously also supported Kondor in the development of its own technology and as such, the Enlarged Group, if needed, might rely on Crowdform's services. It is intended that all of Ora Directors will resign on completion of the Acquisition and the Enlarged Group will be led by the Proposed Directors. Kondor confirms that any accrued employment rights of the Ora Directors will be fully safeguarded in accordance with applicable law. Incentive arrangements As it is intended that all of Ora Directors will resign on completion of the Acquisition, no incentivisation arrangements are being contemplated. Intentions for headquarters, locations, fixed assets and research & development Kondor does not intend to make any changes to Ora's fixed assets or asset base. As it is intended that the Ora's business will be repivoted following the Acquisition, Ora's headquarters, and place of business are expected to change to Kondor's headquarters and place of business. Ora does not have a material research and development function and accordingly Kondor has no plans in this regard. Trading facilities Ora Shares are currently admitted to trading on AQSE. It is intended that applications will be made to cancel trading in Ora Shares on AQSE. Kondor intends to seek admission of the Enlarged Group on AIM and carry out a fundraise in connection with such application. There can be no guarantee that those applications or that the fundraise will be successful, and there is no certainty of the price at which funds would be raised, which could impact on the value of the Enlarged Group in the future. None of the statements in this paragraph 10 is a "post-offer undertaking" for the purposes of Rule 19.5 of the Code. 11 Gene r al a. Save as disclosed in this document, no agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any compensation arrangement) exists between any member of the Kondor Group or any person acting in concert with it for the purpose of the O f fe r , and any of the directors, recent directors, shareholders or recent shareholders of Ora (or any person interested or recently interested in Ora Shares) having any connection with or dependence upon the O f fe r . b. Save as disclosed in this document, no proposal exists in connection with the O f fer regarding any incentivisation arrangement with members of Ora management who are interested in Ora Shares that any payment or other benefit be made or given by Kondor, or any person acting in concert with Kondor to any Ora Director as compensation for loss of o f fice or as consideration for or in connection with his retirement from o f fice. c. Save as disclosed in this document, there is no agreement, arrangement or understanding by which any of the Ora Shares acquired by Kondor pursuant to the O f fer will be transferred to any other person, save that Kondor reserves the right to transfer any such Ora Shares acquired to any member of the Kondor Group. d. There are no agreements or arrangements to which Kondor is a party which relate to the circumstances in which it may or may not invoke or seek to invoke a condition of the O f fe r . e. The emoluments of the current Kondor Directors will not be a f fected by the O f fe r . f. First Sentinel has given and has not withdrawn its written consent to the issue of this document with the inclusion herein of the references to its name in the form and context in which it appears. g. Alfred Henry has given and has not withdrawn its written consent to the issue of this document with the inclusion herein of the references to its name in the form and context in which it appears. h. All references to time in this document and the Form of Acceptance are to London time unless the context requires otherwise. 12 Documents available for inspection Copies of the following documents are available, or will be made available promptly and by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the Business Day following the date of this announcement, on www.kondor.ai and www. plc.oracarbon.com subject to certain restrictions relating to persons resident in Restricted Jurisdictions: a) this announcement; b) the irrevocable undertakings listed in Appendix 3; and c) the consent letters from each of Alfred Henry and First Sentinel referred to in the Offer Document. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of any website referred to in this announcement, and the contents of any other website accessible from hyperlinks on such websites are not incorporated into and do not form part of this announcement. 13 Overseas shareholders The availability of the Acquisition and the distribution of this announcement to Ora Shareholders who are not resident in the UK may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which they are located. Such persons should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdiction. Ora Shareholders who are in any doubt regarding such matters should consult an appropriate independent professional adviser in the relevant jurisdiction without delay. This announcement does not constitute an offer for sale of any securities or an offer or an invitation to purchase any securities. Ora Shareholders are advised to read carefully the Offer Document and related Forms of Proxy once they have been despatched. Further information for Ora Shareholders resident, or located, in overseas jurisdictions will be set out in the Offer Document. 14 General Holders of the Ora Warrants will be offered to cancel their Ora Warrants in exchange for the issue of new warrants in Kondor. Holders of the Ora Warrants will be contacted regarding the effect of the Acquisition on their rights under the Ora Warrants and this proposal will be made to such participants. The Acquisition will be made on the terms and subject to the Conditions and further terms set out in Appendix 1 to this announcement and the full terms and conditions to be set out in the Offer Document. The bases and sources of certain information contained in this announcement are set out in Appendix 2. Appendix 3 contains the details of the irrevocable undertakings received by Kondor in relation to the Acquisition. Certain terms used in this announcement are defined in Appendix 4. The Offer Document will include full details of the Offer, together with an explanatory statement providing details of the Acquisition. The Offer Document will also contain the expected timetable of the Acquisition and will specify the necessary actions to be taken by Ora Shareholders. The Offer Document will be sent to Ora Shareholders within 28 days of the date of this announcement (or such later date as Ora, Kondor and the Panel agree). The Ora Directors are responsible for arranging this announcement on behalf of Ora. The Kondor Directors are responsible for arranging this announcement on behalf of Kondor. The LEI of Ora is 894500PYLZIX23W4NG69 . The LEI of Kondor is 984500EF5CD7E658D446 . Each of Alfred Henry and First Sentinel has given and not withdrawn its written consent to publication of this announcement with the inclusion in this announcement of references to its name in the form and context in which they appear. IMPORTANT NOTICES Further information This announcement is for information purposes only and is not intended to and does not constitute or form part of any offer to sell or subscribe for or any invitation or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to the Offer or otherwise. The Acquisition will be made solely pursuant to the terms of the Offer Document, which will contain the full terms and conditions of the Acquisition, including details of how to vote in respect of the Acquisition, together with the accompanying Forms of Proxy. Any vote in respect of the Offer or other response in relation to the Offer should be made only on the basis of the information contained in the Offer Document. The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should inform themselves about, and observe any applicable legal or regulatory requirements. In particular, the ability of persons who are not resident in the United Kingdom to vote their Ora Shares with respect to the Offer, may be affected by the laws of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the companies and persons involved in the Acquisition disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person. This announcement has been prepared for the purposes of complying with English law and the Takeover Code and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this announcement had been prepared in accordance with the laws of jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus or prospectus equivalent document. The Offer Document together with the relevant Forms of Proxy, will be published as soon as practicable and in any event within 28 days of this announcement (unless otherwise agreed with the Panel). Kondor and Ora encourage Ora Shareholders to read the Offer Document (or any further documentation published in connection with the Acquisition) carefully when it becomes available because it will contain important information in relation to the Acquisition. Any response in relation to the Acquisition should be made only on the basis of the information contained in the Offer Document. Copies of this announcement and any formal documentation relating to the Acquisition are not being, and must not be, directly or indirectly, mailed or otherwise forwarded, distributed or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction and persons receiving such documents (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward, distribute or send it in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction. If the Acquisition is implemented by way of Takeover Offer (unless otherwise permitted by applicable law or regulation), the Takeover Offer may not be made, directly or indirectly, in or into or by use of the mails or any other means or instrumentality (including, without limitation, facsimile, email or other electronic transmission, telex or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of, or any facility of a national, state or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction and the Takeover Offer will not be capable of acceptance by any such use, means, instrumentality or facilities or from within any Restricted Jurisdiction. The Consideration Shares to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) nor under any of the relevant securities laws of any Restricted Jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Consideration Shares may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, into any Restricted Jurisdiction, except pursuant to exemptions from applicable requirements of any such jurisdiction. Rule 26.1 Disclosure Pursuant to Rule 26.1 of the Takeover Code, a copy of this announcement will be available at www.kondor.ai and www.plc.oracarbon.com by no later than 12 noon (London time) on the Business Day following the date of this announcement. The content of the websites referred to in this announcement is not incorporated into and does not form part of this announcement. Requesting Hard Copy Documents Pursuant to Rule 30.3 of the Takeover Code, a person so entitled may request a copy of this announcement and any information incorporated into it by reference to another source in hard copy form by writing to Neville Registrars Limited at Neville House, Steelpark Road, Halesowen B62 8HD or by calling telephone number +44 (0)121 585 1131 between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales) . A person may also request that all future documents, announcements and information to be sent to that person in relation to the Offer should be in hard copy form. Rule 2.9 Disclosure In accordance with Rule 2.9 of the Takeover Code, Ora confirms that, as at the close of business on 20 March 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this announcement), it has 209,870,075 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in issue and 37,897,620 warrants to subscribe for ordinary shares of 0.1 pence (35,000,000 warrants are exercisable at 1 pence per share until 19 July 2026 and 2,897,620 warrants are exercisable at 2 pence per share until 19 July 2026). The Shares of Ora are admitted to trading on the AQSE Growth Market. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Ora Shares isGB00BP4YBY34. In accordance with Rule 2.9 of the Takeover Code, Kondor confirms that, as at the close of business on 20 March 2025 (being the last Business Day prior to the date of this announcement), it has 180,050,000 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in issue and 70,300,500 warrants to subscribe for ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each (60,500,000 warrants exercisable at 1 pence until 21 December 2026 and 9,800,500 exercisable a 3 pence until 21 December 2028). The Shares of Kondor are admitted to trading on the AQSE Growth Market. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) of the Kondor Shares is GB00BRXKJ754 . No Profit Forecasts or Estimates No statement in this announcement is intended, or is to be construed, as a profit forecast, profit estimate, or quantified financial benefits statement or estimate for any period and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that earnings or earnings per share for Kondor or Ora for the current or future financial years would necessarily match or exceed the historical published earnings or earnings per share for Kondor or for Ora. Other Disclosure Requirements of the Takeover Code Under Rule 8.3(a) of the Takeover Code, any person who is interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of an offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror (being any offeror other than an offeror in respect of which it has been announced that its offer is, or is likely to be, solely in cash) must make an Opening Position Disclosure following the commencement of the offer period. An Opening Position Disclosure must contain details of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of the offeree company. An Opening Position Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(a) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the 10th Business Day following the commencement of the offer period. Relevant persons who deal in the relevant securities of the offeree company prior to the deadline for making an Opening Position Disclosure must instead make a Dealing Disclosure. Under Rule 8.3(b) of the Takeover Code, any person who is, or becomes, interested in 1% or more of any class of relevant securities of the offeree company or of any securities exchange offeror must make a Dealing Disclosure if the person deals in any relevant securities of the offeree company. A Dealing Disclosure must contain details of the dealing concerned and of the person's interests and short positions in, and rights to subscribe for, any relevant securities of the offeree company, save to the extent that these details have previously been disclosed under Rule 8. A Dealing Disclosure by a person to whom Rule 8.3(b) applies must be made by no later than 3.30 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day following the date of the relevant dealing. If two or more persons act together pursuant to an agreement or understanding, whether formal or informal, to acquire or control an interest in relevant securities of an offeree company, they will be deemed to be a single person for the purpose of Rule 8.3. Opening Position Disclosures must also be made by the offeree company and by any offero

[truncated]