China Resources Land Sets August Board Meeting to Review Interim Results and Dividend - The Globe and Mail Home Canada Business Investing Life Opinion World Politics Personal Finance Culture Sports More More Latest in More Real Estate Drive Watchlist For You Events Find clarity in the chaos. Subscribe now and save 70% SUBSCRIBE FROM $0.99/WEEK Digital access Digital + home delivery TSX -0.08 % S&P 500 -0.17 % DOW -0.26 % NASDAQ -0.09 % Oil 0.08 % Dollar 0.04 % Gold 1.12 % tsx movers: T-T -2.45 % TRP-T + 0.52 % CNQ-T -0.7 % AQN-T + 1.99 % This section contains press releases and other materials from third parties (including paid content). The Globe and Mail has not reviewed this content. Please see disclaimer . China Resources Land Sets August Board Meeting to Review Interim Results and Dividend Tipranks - Tipranks - Sat Aug 15, 3:52AM CDT Claim 55% Off TipRanks Unlock powerful investing tools with TipRanks Premium to make smarter, more confident investment decisions Subscribe to TipRanks Smart Investor Newsletter , and discover new investing opportunities with data-backed stock picks China Resources Land ( (HK:1109) ) has provided an announcement. China Resources Land has scheduled a board meeting for 28 August 2026 to review and approve the interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 for the company and its subsidiaries, and to authorize their publication. The board will also consider the declaration and payment of an interim dividend, signaling a potential distribution to shareholders depending on the group’s mid-year performance. The announcement confirms the current composition of the board, including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive directors, underscoring the company’s established governance structure. The forthcoming results and any dividend decision will be closely watched by investors as an indicator of the developer’s financial health and capital-return policy in the current property market environment. The most recent analyst rating on (HK:1109) stock is a Buy with a HK$34.90 price target. To see the full list of analyst forecasts on China Resources Land stock, see the HK:1109 Stock Forecast page . More about China Resources Land China Resources Land Limited is a Hong Kong-listed property developer incorporated in the Cayman Islands and traded under stock code 01109.HK. The company operates through a portfolio of subsidiaries, focusing on real estate development and investment across mainland China, positioning itself as a major player in the Chinese property market. Average Trading Volume: 24,240,093 Technical Sentiment Signal: Strong Buy Current Market Cap: HK$249.6B For detailed information about 1109 stock, go to TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page . Disclaimer & Disclosure Report an Issue Trending Articles 3 ‘Strong Buy’ Crypto Stocks with 150%+ Upside NBIS vs. SMCI: Northland Securities Prefers One AI Stock over the Other Nvidia Earnings Preview: Will NVDA Stock Break Its 4-Quarter Losing Streak? This article contains syndicated content. We have not reviewed, approved, or endorsed the content, and may receive compensation for placement of the content on this site. For more information please view the Barchart Disclosure Policy here . Don’t let the scary stuff chase you out of the stock market top links Barlow’s Research Roundup: ‘Supercycle’ ahead for Canadian bank stocks, says BofA analyst Tuesday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades Market data provided by Barchart. Exchange delay details and data provider terms here . Information may be delayed, is provided 'as is' and is solely for informational purposes, and not for trading, investment or advice. Terms & Conditions Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Disclaimer Skip footer navigation Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Subscribe Digital + Home Delivery Digital Access Globe2Go The New York Times Globe Email Newsletters Gift Subscription Business services Advertise with Us Group Subscriptions Globe Campus Globe Event Centre Leadership Institute Contact us Address and Phone Number Standards Editors Staff SecureDrop Submit an article Reader services Account Settings Customer Support Subscriptions Member Benefits Privacy Settings About us Company information Work at The Globe Accessibility Editorial Code of Conduct Sustainability Licensing & Permissions Election Advertising Registry Modern Slavery Report AI Guidelines Jump to footer navigation © Copyright 2026 The Globe and Mail Inc. All rights reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600, Toronto, ON Canada, M5A 0N1 Andrew Saunders, President and CEO