BETA Close X Card Factory plc announced that its Chief Executive Officer, Darcy Willson-Rymer, received a conditional award of 638,760 ordinary shares under the Long Term Incentive Plan, and its Chief Financial Officer, Matthias Seeger, received a conditional award of 407,764 ordinary shares, both with a price of £0.00 and transacted outside a trading venue on 21 May 2026. These notifications are made in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 21 May 2026 21 May 2026 Card Factory plc ("cardfactory" or the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Directors Cardfactory, the UK's leading specialist retailer of greeting cards, gifts and celebration essentials, announces that it was notified on 21 May 2026 by each of Darcy Willson-Rymer and Matthias Seeger, following the grants of restricted share plan awards under the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"), of their conditional interests in ordinary shares of 1p each in the capital of the Company. Details of these conditional awards are set out below. This notification is made in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: Ciaran Stone General Counsel and Company Secretary Card Factory plc Tel: 01924 839150 CARD FACTORY PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Darcy Willson-Rymer 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Executive Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Card Factory plc b) LEI 213800TTSOPFVCKPFQ11 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each GB00BLY2F708 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional Share Award c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price £0.00 Volume 638,760 shares d) Aggregated information Aggregate Volume 638,760 Price £0.00 Total 0.00 e) Date of the transaction 21 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthias Seeger 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Card Factory plc b) LEI 213800TTSOPFVCKPFQ11 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each GB00BLY2F708 b) Nature of the transaction Conditional Share Award c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price £0.00 Volume 407,764 shares d) Aggregated information Aggregate Volume 407,764 Price £0.00 Total 0.00 e) Date of the transaction 21 May 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Name of officer of issuer responsible for making notification: Ciaran Stone Date of notification: 21 May 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago Lion Finance Group PLC 1 hour ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Derwent London 3 hours ago Standard Life plc 5 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and