BETA Close X Card Factory plc has reported its six-monthly return for the Card Factory plc SAYE Scheme 2015, covering the period from August 1, 2025, to January 31, 2026. The company began this period with a balance of 411,168 unallotted ordinary shares. During the reporting period, 178,957 ordinary shares were issued or allotted under the scheme, resulting in a remaining balance of 232,211 ordinary shares not yet issued or allotted as of January 31, 2026. No increases were applied to the block scheme during this period. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 02 February 2026 Card Factory plc Block Listing Six Monthly Return 2 February 2026 Name of applicant : Card Factory plc Name of scheme: Card Factory plc SAYE Scheme 2015 Period of return: From: 1 August 2025 To: 31 January 2026 Balance of unallotted securities under scheme(s) from previous return: 411,168 ordinary shares of 1p each Plus: The amount by which the block scheme(s) has been increased since the date of the last return (if any increase has been applied for): nil Less: Number of securities issued/allotted under scheme(s) during period (see LR3.5.7G): 178,957 ordinary shares of 1p each Equals: Balance under scheme(s) not yet issued/allotted at end of period: 232,211 ordinary shares of 1p each Name of contact: Ciaran Stone, General Counsel and Company Secretary Telephone number of contact: 01924 839150 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and