BETA Close X Card Factory plc has provided an update following its 2025 AGM, where Resolutions 12, 13, and 14 concerning share allotment and pre-emption rights received over 20% of votes against them. Consultations with the 13 largest shareholders, representing 58% of issued capital, revealed that three out of six engaged shareholders supported these resolutions. Concerns primarily stemmed from equity dilution due to employee share awards, which the company is addressing through its share buyback program launched on October 30, 2025. One shareholder suggested focusing on core business investment over acquisitions, a view the Board will consider alongside other strategic growth perspectives. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 18 December 2025 18 December 2025 Card Factory plc (the "Company" or "cardfactory" ) Update statement on 2025 Annual General Meeting (" AGM " ) cardfactory, the UK's leading specialist retailer of greeting cards, gifts and celebration essentials, reports the outcome of the additional shareholder consultation following the 2025 AGM. At the Company's 2025 Annual General Meeting, held on 19 June 2025, all resolutions were passed with the requisite majority. However, the Company received more than 20% of votes cast against Resolution 12 (Authority to allot shares), Resolution 13 (Authority to disapply pre-emption rights) and Resolution 14 (Additional authority to disapply pre-emption rights). In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Board sought consultations with the 13 largest shareholders, holding (in aggregate) 58% of the company's issued share capital, to seek their views and better understand any concerns. Of the six shareholders who engaged in this consultation, three reported that they supported Resolution 12, Resolution 13 and Resolution 14. Feedback from shareholders who voted against Resolution 12, Resolution 13 and Resolution 14 was primarily due to dissatisfaction with equity dilution arising from employee share awards, which has been addressed by the share buyback programme, which launched on 30 October 2025, following a statement of intention to effect such a programme in the Interim Results announcement on 30 September 2025. One shareholder encouraged a focus on investment in the core cardfactory business rather than acquisitions. The Board notes this view along with other shareholder views which were in support of the areas for strategic growth and will evaluate all investments to seek to drive long term shareholder value. Enquiries Card Factory plc via Teneo (below) Darcy Willson-Rymer, Chief Executive Officer Matthias Seeger, Chief Financial Officer Teneo +44 (0) 207 353 4200 James Macey White / Anthony Di Natale cardfactory@teneo.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and