BETA Close X Card Factory plc has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 January 2026, along with the Notice of its 2026 Annual General Meeting, which will be held on 25 June 2026. Shareholders have been sent copies of these documents, and they are also available on the company's investor relations website and the National Storage Mechanism. This announcement follows the release of the preliminary results on 28 April 2026. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 21 May 2026 21 May 2026 Card Factory plc Annual Financial Report and Notice of AGM Card Factory plc (the "Company"), the UK's leading specialist retailer of greeting cards, gifts and celebration essentials, announces that it has published its Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 January 2026 and Notice of the Company's 2026 Annual General Meeting, following release of the preliminary results for the financial year ended 31 January 2026, on 28 April 2026. The Annual General Meeting is to be held at the Company's registered office, at Century House, Brunel Road, Wakefield 41 Industrial Estate, Wakefield, WF2 0XG at 11.00 a.m. on Thursday 25 June 2026. Copies of the documents listed below (or notifications of electronic access to these documents) have been posted to shareholders on 21 May 2026: 1. Annual Report and Accounts 2026; 2. Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting; and 3. Form of Proxy for the 2026 Annual General Meeting. The Annual Report and Accounts; the Notice of the 2026 Annual General Meeting are accessible via the Company's investor relations website www.cardfactoryinvestors.com . In compliance with LR 6.4.1R, the Company has submitted electronic copies of the above documents to the National Storage Mechanism appointed by the Financial Conduct Authority and these will shortly be available for inspection at https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism . For further information: Ciaran Stone, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary Card Factory plc Tel: 01924 839150 ENDS This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and