BETA Close X Card Factory plc has initiated an irrevocable share repurchase programme valued at £15 million, commencing immediately and running until 31 January 2027, subject to renewal of authority at the June 2026 Annual General Meeting. This programme, funded by excess cash from FY26, aims solely to reduce the company's share capital and will be conducted within pre-set parameters and in compliance with market regulations. The company currently has 345,878,011 voting rights outstanding. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 28 April 2026 28 April 2026 Card Factory plc Commencement of £15 million share repurchase programme Card Factory plc (the "Company") the UK's leading specialist retailer of greeting cards, gifts and celebration essentials, announces that it has commenced an irrevocable, non-discretionary programme to purchase shares up to the value of £15 million on its own behalf, for cancellation, to commence immediately. This is the share repurchase programme referred to in the Company's Preliminary Results announcement released on 28 April 2026, using excess cash from FY26 in accordance with its Capital Allocation Policy. The programme commences on 28 April 2026 and runs up to and including 31 January 2027, subject to grant of a new authority to purchase shares being renewed at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in June 2026. The sole purpose of these share purchases is to reduce the Company's share capital. Any acquisitions will be effected within certain pre-set parameters, and in accordance with both the Company's general authority to repurchase shares and in compliance with Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (as it forms part of UK law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended)) and Chapter 9 of the Listing Rules. Card Factory plc confirms that it currently has no unpublished price sensitive information. As at the date of this announcement, the Company's total issued share capital consisted of 351,595,922 Ordinary Shares, with one voting right per share. The Company holds 5,717,911 Ordinary Shares as treasury shares, therefore the total number of voting rights in the Company is 345,878,011. Further enquiries: Ciaran Stone Company Secretary Card Factory plc This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and