BETA Close X Card Factory plc announced that its trading for the eleven months ended 31 December 2025 is in line with revised guidance, with total Group revenue up 7.3% year-on-year to £541.6 million, driven by acquisitions. During the crucial Christmas trading period in November and December 2025, total Group revenue grew 4.3%, although total store sales declined 0.8% and like-for-like store revenue fell 1.2% due to challenging consumer conditions and lower high street footfall. The company expects to deliver adjusted Profit Before Tax for FY26 between £55 million and £60 million and anticipates a progressive full-year dividend. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 28 January 2026 28 January 2026 Card Factory plc ("cardfactory" or the "Group") Trading Statement Trading in line with revised guidance . Continued progress against strategic objectives Card Factory plc, the UK's leading specialist retailer of greeting cards, gifts and celebration essentials, announces a trading update for the eleven months ended 31 December 2025. Darcy Willson-Rymer, Chief Executive Officer, commented: "We are on track to deliver profits in line with our revised guidance announced on 12 December 2025. During the second half of the year and particularly the important Christmas period, trading in our UK stores reflected the challenging consumer backdrop which contributed to soft high street footfall. Across the Group, we are encouraged by the performance of our international businesses and that the integration of Funky Pigeon remains on track. "While the outlook for the UK high street remains uncertain, we continue to focus on our value-led proposition to help our customers celebrate all life's moments. In addition, we continue to successfully drive efficiencies and manage costs through our 'Simplify and Scale' programme. The Board remains confident in the Group's prospects and continued momentum of our growth strategy. Christmas Trading Update Christmas trading was in line with our revised expectations, reflecting the challenging UK consumer backdrop and lower footfall 1 across UK shopping destinations. Trading across November and December 2025 saw: · Total Group revenue growth of +4.3% compared to the same period last year. · Total stores sales down -0.8%. · Like-for-Like (LFL) store revenue down -1.2%. 1 BRC Footfall Monitor December 2025 YTD Trading Update Total Group revenue for the eleven months ended 31 December 2025 of £541.6 million was up +7.3% year-on-year, supported by positive contributions from acquired businesses: · Total store sales increased by +1.1%. · LFL store sales were flat. Throughout the year, we have continued to progress our strategic priorities, including expanding the offer in our partnerships business and accelerating our digital strategy through the acquisition of Funky Pigeon. The performances of our acquired businesses, particularly those in North America and the Republic of Ireland, were in line with our expectations and together with Funky Pigeon, contributed to the increase in Group revenue year-on-year. Our ongoing 'Simplify and Scale' programme has largely mitigated persistent cost inflation. Outlook We expect to deliver our revised guidance of adjusted Profit Before Tax (excluding one-off and non-trading items) for FY26 of between £55 million and £60 million. The Board anticipates declaring a progressive full-year dividend in line with the Group's capital allocation policy. The previously announced programme to purchase shares to satisfy future employee share schemes, has successfully concluded for FY26, at a total cost of £5 million. The Board remains confident in the long-term prospects of the business. Our Preliminary results will be announced on 28 April 2026 when a further update on the strategic and operational progress of the business will be provided. Enquiries Card Factory plc via Teneo (below) Darcy Willson-Rymer, Chief Executive Officer Matthias Seeger, Chief Financial Officer Teneo +44 (0) 207 260 2700 James Macey White / Anthony Di Natale cardfactory@teneo.com This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and