BETA Close X Card Factory plc has announced that it will release its preliminary results for the year ended 31 January 2026 on Tuesday, 28 April 2026. The company, a leading UK retailer of greeting cards and gifts, will host an in-person meeting for analysts and investors in central London at 10 am on the announcement day. A live video and audio webcast of the presentation will also be available, with recordings to be posted on the cardfactory investor relations website. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 14 April 2026 14 April 2026 Card Factory plc ("cardfactory") Notice of Results cardfactory, the UK's leading specialist retailer of greeting cards, gifts and celebration essentials, will announce its preliminary results for the year ended 31 January 2026 on Tuesday 28 April 2026. There will be a meeting for analysts and investors at 10 am on the morning of the announcement in central London. In order to register to attend the event in person and receive full attendance details, please contact cardfactory@teneo.com We will also provide a live video and audio webcast of the presentation, available by registering via the following link: https://storm-virtual-uk.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_eRW_i9q9QmuLurIx9Kxmaw A copy of the webcast and the accompanying presentation will be made available via the cardfactory investor relations website: www.cardfactoryinvestors.com . Enquiries Card Factory plc via Teneo (below) Darcy Willson-Rymer, Chief Executive Officer Matthias Seeger, Chief Financial Officer Teneo +44 (0) 207 353 4200 James Macey-White cardfactory@teneo.com Anthony Di Natale This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 3 minutes ago Standard Life plc 2 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) 15 hours ago Bunzl 15 hours ago Diageo 15 hours ago Diageo All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and