Uphold Debit Card to Give Users up to 6% XRP back on All Purchases Launching in October San Francisco, California, October 30th, 2025, Chainwire Spend dollars, stablecoins or crypto held at Uphold and get up to 6% XRP back No confusing exemptions on specific products or categories Extra 4% back in XRP if you deposit part of your paycheck through direct deposit Users making direct deposits and spending through the card can earn up to 10% extra in XRP every month Uphold , the award-winning crypto wallet that never delisted XRP, today announces its highly-anticipated debit card with up to 6% XRP back on purchases made with fiat, stablecoins and crypto held at Uphold. This joins the current direct deposit promotion of 4% XRP back, allowing Uphold users to earn up to 10% XRP back each month. “We constantly talk to the XRP community and know their goal is to maximize XRP earnings,” said Simon McLoughlin, CEO of Uphold. “The Uphold Debit Card does that better than any other card in the market. Unlike competitors, our card gives users up to 6% XRP back on all everyday purchases, not just for specific categories. It delivers the best XRP rewards in the U.S.” The Uphold Debit Card, first announced at XRP Las Vegas in May, will be available from today. Users can sign up in the Uphold app to be among the first to get the card. The Uphold Debit Card features instant crypto-to-fiat conversions that let users spend any digital asset they hold or directly spend fiat. “With the debit card plus direct deposit, Uphold users can earn up to 10% in XRP for doing what they do everyday - earning and spending money,” said McLoughlin. Uphold will offer users a choice between two tiers: the Uphold Elite metal card - and the Uphold Essential plastic card. The Elite Debit Card offers up to 6% XRP back, a premium metal card, no ATM or foreign transaction fees and increased spending limits. The Essential Debit Card offers up to 4% XRP back and a standard card. Uphold Debit Card users must sign up before January 1, 2026 to receive the rates of up to 6% and 4% XRP back on the debit card purchases. Users receive these rates for a full 90 days post-sign up, after which, different rates for each of the Elite and Essential Cards will apply. The Uphold Debit Card is issued by Cross River Bank, member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Users are subject to the Uphold Cardholder Agreement . The card promotion and rewards offer is subject to change. Promotional terms apply . All Debit Card purchases under XRP Rewards program, earn 6% on up to $5,000 worth of purchases for a maximum of $300 U.S. Dollars’ worth of XRP or 4% back on up to $3,000 in purchases for a maximum of $120 U.S. Dollars’ worth of XRP per month as calculated at the end of each calendar month as applicable. Please note that the XRP Rewards are limited at 3% for the Elite Debit Card and 2% for the Essential Debit Card after the promotional period ends. The 10% combined Debit Card & Direct Deposit XRP Rewards are available on up to a limited value per month based on the qualifying Direct Deposit Promotional Limits, Direct Deposit Program Promotion and the type of Debit Card the User has. About Uphold Uphold is a financial technology company that believes on-chain services are the future of finance. It provides modern infrastructure for on-chain payments, banking and investments. Offering Consumer Services, Business Services and Institutional Trading, Uphold makes pioneering financial services easy and trustworthy for millions of customers in more than 140 countries. Uphold integrates with more than 30 trading venues, including centralized and decentralized exchanges, to deliver superior liquidity and optimal execution. Uphold never loans out or rehypothecates customer assets and is always 100% reserved. The company pioneered radical transparency and uniquely publishes its assets and liabilities every 30 seconds on a public website ( https://uphold.com/en-us/transparency ). Uphold is regulated in the U.S. by FinCEN and State regulators; and is registered in the UK with the FCA and in Europe with the Financial Crime Investigation Service under the Ministry of the Interior of the Republic of Lithuania. To learn more about Uphold’s products and services, visit uphold.com . Note to editors Both Rewards Programs are offered solely by Uphold and not Cross River Bank (CRB), the issuer of your Uphold Debit Card. Rewards are not deposits or other obligations of CRB, are not guaranteed by CRB, and are not FDIC-insured. Funds deposited/loaded into your "Fiat Asset Account" (labelled the "USD account" on the Uphold Platform) are held at Cross River Bank, Member FDIC, and are insured up to $250,000. Uphold is not an FDIC-insured bank. Deposit insurance covers the failure of an insured bank. FDIC insurance is made available through pass-through insurance at Cross River Bank, where we have a direct relationship for the placement of deposits and into which customer funds are deposited, but only if certain conditions have been met. No cryptocurrencies, precious metals, or other currencies are held by Cross River Bank and, therefore, do not qualify for FDIC insurance. Contact Senior PR Manager Lauren Bukoskey Serotonin lauren@serotonin.co UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 days ago Accsys Technologies 2 days ago CMC Markets 2 days ago Fuller Smith & Turner 2 days ago GSK 2 days ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and