BETA Close X Card Factory plc announced that Chief Financial Officer Matthias Seeger was granted options to subscribe for 6,099 ordinary shares at an exercise price of £0.555 per share under the Company's Save As You Earn scheme on 16 June 2026. This transaction, valued at a total of £3,384.95, is an initial notification made outside a trading venue and is in accordance with market abuse regulations. Disclaimer* Card Factory PLC 16 June 2026 16 June 2026 Card Factory plc ("cardfactory" or the "Company") Notification of Transactions of Directors cardfactory announces that it was notified on 16 June 2026 by Matthias Seeger of the following transaction in respect of ordinary shares of 1p each in the capital of the Company, consequent to the grant of options to subscribe for shares under the Company's Save As You Earn scheme ("SAYE"), which may be exercised after 3 years. This notification is made in accordance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation and the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Enquiries: Ciaran Stone General Counsel and Company Secretary Card Factory plc Tel: 01924 839150 CARD FACTORY PLC NOTIFICATION OF TRANSACTIONS OF PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated a) Name Matthias Seeger 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Chief Financial Officer b) Initial notification /Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Card Factory plc b) LEI 213800TTSOPFVCKPFQ11 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument Identification code Ordinary shares of one pence each GB00BLY2F708 b) Nature of the transaction Grant of options under the Card Factory plc SAYE scheme c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price £0.555 per share exercise price Volume 6,099 shares d) Aggregated information Aggregate Volume 6,099 shares Price £0.555 per share exercise price Total £3,384.95 e) Date of the transaction 16 June 2026 f) Place of the transaction Outside a trading venue Name of officer of issuer responsible for making notification: Ciaran Stone Date of notification: 16 June 2026 This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Card Factory (CARD) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 minutes ago Lion Finance Group PLC 1 hour ago CloudCoco Group 2 hours ago Derwent London 3 hours ago Standard Life plc 5 hours ago Cora Gold Limited (DI) All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and