Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 68 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 69 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 131 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 132 Item 9B. Other Information 133 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 133 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 134 Item 11. Executive Compensation 134 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 134 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 134 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 134 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 134 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 136 Signatures 137 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are statements within the meaning of Section27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding our expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition to historical financial analysis, this discussion and analysis contains statements based upon current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions . All statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: the potential impact of our business relationships, including with our employees, customers and competitors; changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial markets; weakness or adverse changes in the level of activity in our sector or the sectors of our affiliated companies, which may be caused by, among other things, high or increasing interest rates, or a weak U.S. economy; significant competition that our operating subsidiaries face; compliance with extensive government regulation; and other risks detailed in the those set forth under “Risk Factors” or elsewhere in this document and in our other public filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Our Mission Abacus Life Inc.’s (“Abacus” or the “Company”) mission is to educate all life insurance policy owners that their life insurance policy is personal property and to educate investors about alternatives to traditional investments using lifespan based products as a core strategy. Abacus Overview Abacus is a leading vertically integrated alternative asset manager and market maker, specializing in longevity and actuarial technology. The company is democratizing the life insurance space through groundbreaking new channels: ABL Tech, ABL Wealth, and ABL Longevity Growth and Income Funds. Since 2004, Abacus has purchased life insurance policies from consumers seeking liquidity and has actively managed those policies over time (via trading, holding, and/or servicing). With over $5 billion in face value of policies purchased, Abacus has helped thousands of clients maximize the value of life insurance. Over the past 20 years, the company has built an institutionalized origination and portfolio management process that is supported by a 100+ person team, relationships with 78 institutional partners and 30,000 financial advisors, and the ability to operate in 49 states. The Company complies with applicable HIPAA and privacy laws to maintain and protect confidentiality of financial, health and medical information. Abacus is also proud to be a BBB Accredited Business with an A+ rating. Underwriting Abacus’ origination guidelines focus on the age, gender and health of the insured, the duration, mortality risk and face value of the underlying life insurance policy, the projected internal rate of return of the investment in the underlying life insurance policy after taking into account the cost of making continued premium payments, and the ultimate amount and timing of the death benefit. These guidelines are designed to allow the Company to target the life insurance policies that it believes will generate attractive returns. The Company invests primarily in universal life insurance policies. 1 Table of Contents Origination Our proven policy origination process, known as “origination services” first locates policies and screens them for eligibility for a life settlement. This process includes verifying that the policy is in force, obtaining consent forms, and making disclosures to, policy owners, and obtaining or generating life expectancy estimates. We generate fees on the policies we originate, which are sourced from three channels: (i) a network of approximately 30,000 financial advisors and agents, (ii) and (iii) a number of traditional life settlements intermediaries that submit policies to us on behalf of a financial advisor, agent or other client. Portfolio Management Once identified, we utilize our proprietary “ ” technology platform to determine the initial risk and viability of policies. Thereafter, a purchased policy is “actively managed,” whereby we consistently monitor the policy risk to optimize revenue by choosing to either (x) trade the policy to a institutional investor (i.e., receive a trade spread) or (y) hold the policy over time (i.e., pay premiums and receive payout). Additionally, we service policies on behalf of third parties for which we receive revenue based on a percentage of policy value. Our and dynamic revenue model is made possible by the fact that we sit at the heart of the entire life settlements industry. Our revenue generation platform and economic model is best summarized below: 1. Origination Fees (paid as a percentage of face value of acquired policies) 2. Active Management (spreads for traded policies and realized returns for held policies) 3. Third Party Portfolio Servicing (paid as a percentage of total asset value) We are currently a leader in the life settlements industry, with approximately 20% market share based on our 2021 capital invested/total industry capital invested and data compiled in a 2021 report by The Deal and Life Settlements Report, a U.S. life settlements industry news source. Data for the report was aggregated from each state based on 2021 annual reporting. We have a proven track record of growth and strong asset returns. We are currently operational in 49 states, which is a key differentiator in an industry with high barriers to entry given the significant regulatory requirements. Our business is supported by a total of approximately 106 employees and an innovative leadership team, with an average of over 20 years of experience in the industry. We operate through our two principle subsidiaries, Abacus Settlements, LLC, which was formed as a New York limited liability company in 2004 and LMA Group, LLC, which was formed in 2017 as a Florida limited liability company. In 2016, Abacus Settlements was licensed in Florida as a life settlement broker and became a Florida limited liability company. We are not an insurance company, are not licensed or regulated as an insurance company and therefore do not underwrite insurable risks for our own account. Our Industry Large Addressable Market with Meaningful Growth Potential We operate within a large, growing and currently underpenetrated market. The face value of all in force U.S. life insurance industry policies is approximately $13 trillion. Historically, more than 90% of life insurance policies in force did not pay a claim. Based on industry forecasts, approximately 75% of policyholders over the age of 65 will either cancel their policies or allow their coverage to lapse, forfeiting the right to ever receive a full payout. The life settlements industry helps solve this problem by allowing policyholders the opportunity to monetize their policies. 2 Table of Contents The combination of the large U.S. life insurance market and the high percentage of policies that never pay a claim creates a considerable opportunity for Abacus and the broader life settlements industry. Specifically, the scale of the life settlements market opportunity is $233 billion each year. However, in 2021, the life settlements industry only captured $4 billion, or approximately 2% of the annual market of lapsed life insurance policies. We believe there is a significant opportunity to increase this market penetration, primarily by driving awareness and education regarding the ability to monetize life insurance policies by utilizing our services. Life insurance is often a senior citizen’s largest asset and one that can be used to alleviate retirement challenges, but it is rarely treated in this way. This can be partially attributed to the fact that almost half of all financial advisors are not aware that selling a life insurance policy is an option for their clients. We help financial advisors and their clients understand that a life insurance policy is personal property and selling it for a fair market value is a legitimate, safe and viable choice that creates more investment options for the client. While less than 1% of financial advisors and agents transact in the life settlements market, based on research conducted by the Life Insurance Settlement Association, the primary industry trade association for the U.S. life settlements industry, we believe approximately 90% of senior citizens who let their life insurance policies lapse or surrendered their policies, would have considered this alternative if they had been made aware of it before lapsing or surrendering their policies. The reference to this study can be found at the Life Insurance Settlement Association—https://www.lisa.org/ /. Selling a life insurance policy is a valuable transaction and for those consumers who transact, the benefits can be substantial. On average, life settlements companies pay sellers nearly eight times more than the current cash value of a policy. Selling a life insurance policy not only alleviates the requirement for a policyholder to pay premiums but creates a meaningful and immediate monetization event. Sellers use these proceeds in a variety of ways, including to support their retirement, transfer wealth and pay medical bills. Generally Uncorrelated Alternative Asset Class with Institutional Investment Grade Counterparts While selling life insurance policies at a fair market value can have significantly positive impacts on a person’s life, it is a mutually beneficial transaction. The underlying life insurance policy is a highly attractive asset that has minimal payout risk and generally uncorrelated returns. The counterparties to these transactions are generally investment grade insurance companies. In fact, greater than 90% of our carriers have an “A Rating” or better. Additionally, these life insurance policies are cash backed by the carriers, which means they are required to pay policy claims ahead of any other contractual obligation, including senior debt. In addition to counterparty quality, this is a largely acyclical asset class. A life insurance policy is sometimes described as a “ bond” because its underlying value will appreciate over time as it approaches maturity (i.e., as the policyholder ages). This is best demonstrated when comparing our historical returns relative to other benchmark asset classes. We are at the Heart of the Life Settlements Industry Abacus’ Origination Model Our “Origination Process” is core to our entire business and drives our economics. We’re paid a percentage of face value in origination fees on policies and have spent the last 20 years developing three high quality origination channels (financial advisors or agents, direct to consumer and life settlements brokers). An example of our target market includes policyholders over 75 years old whose insurance need for life insurance is outweighed by the benefit of immediate cash. We then focus our origination process on these 3 Table of Contents targeted individuals, developing processes and procedures for identifying and screening policies that have attractive potential returns. We have three distinct origination channels to reach this target market. 1. Financial Advisor or Agent —Our largest origination channel involves working directly with financial advisors to facilitate the sale of client policies. Since our founding, we have been at the forefront of developing this market and are now ingrained in a network of over 30,000 financial advisors. We are currently on multiple national financial advisory platforms, we present at conferences, and we develop marketing tools to help advisors efficiently present the benefits of life insurance settlements to their clients. As we highlighted earlier, just under half of financial advisors are unaware this financial option exists and less than 1% have completed a life settlement transaction. This origination channel has driven our significant growth over the last five years, and we believe it will continue to be a priority for our future growth. 2. Direct to Consumer —We have been building this channel for several years beginning in 202_ and have focused heavily on increasing broad consumer awareness and education regarding life insurance settlements. We have been active in a variety of common advertisement channels, including radio and television advertisements in particular. In addition, we have created a unique online “Policy Value Calculator” so that individuals can receive an instant valuation on their life insurance policies. The channel has historically driven origination on smaller face value policies than through our financial advisor or agent channel, thereby expanding the scope of policies we are able to value and acquire. 3. Traditional Life Settlements Intermediaries —Within this channel, we engage with life settlements intermediaries or “brokers” who submit policies to us on behalf of an advisor or client, for which the life settlement intermediary earns a commission. We intend to slowly reduce our reliance on these intermediaries over time and focus our efforts on building out the technology required to educate and gain access to both the financial advisor and channels. Abacus has a dedicated 90 person origination team with 20 sales members assigned by channel. We intend to continue to fuel origination growth by expanding our team and outreach. In order to drive awareness across all origination channels, we plan to expand our marketing and launch national television advertising campaigns. Abacus’ Policy Acquisition Process A life settlement transaction is the process by which a intermediary acquires an existing life insurance policy for an amount greater than its current cash surrender value. Upon closing of the life settlement transaction, the insured receives an immediate cash payment, and the intermediary receives ownership of the policy. Thus, the intermediary becomes the beneficiary of the insured’s claim payout but is now solely responsible for all future premium payments. Our company functions as this intermediary. The process of acquiring a policy is highly regulated and policyholder friendly. Unique licenses are mandatory to operate and significant disclosures are required to be made available to consumers. We originate these policies through three distinct channels (i.e., financial advisors / agents, and traditional life settlements intermediaries). We first screen each policy to ensure it is eligible for a life settlement, including verifying the policy is in force, obtaining appropriate consents, providing disclosures, and submitting cases for medical underwriting and life expectancy estimates. In connection with this process, we use our proprietary analytics and systems to determine an estimated market value for each individual policy. 4 Table of Contents The Company has established policies and guidelines with respect to its purchase of life insurance policies. These guidelines focus on the age of the insured, the sex of the insured, the duration of the underlying life insurance policy, the expected mortality risk of the underlying life insurance policy, the projected internal rate of return of the investment in the underlying life insurance policy and the amount of the death benefit of the underlying life insurance policy. The Company excludes making investments in life insurance policies based on certain types of the primary health impairment associated with the underlying insured to ensure that all policies are purchased in accordance with established industry standards and state law requirements. Following the origination, underwriting and valuation processes, we formally present our proposed purchase price to the policyholder or advisor. If agreed upon, the settlement closing process begins. Appropriate closing documents are reviewed by our counsel, and we send funds to an independent escrow agent. Simultaneously, change of ownership and beneficiary documentation is sent to the underlying insurance carrier. Once the changes are confirmed by the carrier, the escrow agent sends the proceeds to the appropriate party, and we become responsible for the underlying insurance policy (i.e., paying premiums and receiving claim). The proceeds from the escrow agent will also include the commission(s) we owe to the broker and / or agent as well as our fee for completing the origination services. While the transaction is deemed closed, it is important to note that the policy owner may generally rescind the life settlement contract within 30 days from execution of the agreement or 15 days from the receipt of cash proceeds by the owner. As such, revenue is not recorded until this rescission process is over. Once the transaction is closed, the policy enters our active portfolio management whereby we determine whether a policy should be sold to a institutional investor or held on our balance sheet. In certain cases, we identify a purchaser prior to the close of a transaction, in which case the policy is transferred directly to the purchaser at closing. Proprietary Technology Platforms Support Our Business We have and continue to develop a comprehensive suite of technology products that helps drive origination, underwriting and trading. Specifically, we have created: 1. Risk Rating Heat Map —Using the large amount of data we have gathered over time, we have developed a proprietary platform that measures the risk of life insurance contracts on a range from 1–5 (low–high risk, respectively). This risk score is calculated on a wide range of factors, including (i) duration and extension risk, (ii) policy face value and purchase type, (iii) policy type, (iv) carrier rating, (v) life expectancy (“LE”) and LE extension ratios, (vi) age and age on LE date and (vii) survival probability. We believe this platform is a key differentiating factor relative to our competitors as it gives us a meaningful advantage when valuing and purchasing life insurance policies. 2. Policy Value Creator —Our “Policy Value Calculator” drives origination by using proprietary data to instantly value policies for both individuals and financial advisors. This online tool only requires four pieces of information: (i) gender, (ii) age, (iii) face value and (iv) policy type. These data points then generate a valuation range that advisors and individuals can use to quickly assess the current value of their policy. This product helps educate consumers and bridges the gap between our specific offering and the $233 billion annual market of lapsed policies. 3. Innovations in “InsurTech” —More recently, we have begun developing “Abacusmarketplace.com”, which is a blockchain tertiary trading, servicing and valuation platform. Given we will be able to see a large suite of data gathered by this website, we believe it will help us maintain our leading market position and keep us at the heart of the life settlements industry. We added the ability for investors to directly purchase policies in the third quarter of 2023. Abacusmarketplace.com is still in the early stages of development and we do not 5 Table of Contents currently expect that Abacusmarketplace.com will have a material impact on the Company’s future financial results. Active Portfolio Management Strategy With meaningful support from our proprietary risk rating heat map, we consistently evaluate policies (at origination and throughout the lifecycle) to generate essentially uncorrelated risk adjusted returns. Upon acquiring a policy, we have the option to either (i) trade that policy to a institutional investor (i.e., generating a spread on each trade) or (ii) hold that policy on our balance sheet until maturity (i.e., paying the premiums over time and receiving the final claim / payout). This process is predicated on driving the best economics for Abacus. 1 . Traded Portfolio —Our traded portfolio returns are driven by (i) the spread we generate by selling policies to institutional investors and (ii) our ability to quickly recycle capital. Our trade spreads average 20% and we have historically recycled capital 3.6 times per year. These two metrics are driven by our ability to effectively originate new policies (supply) and the underlying market interest for the policies (demand). 2. Hold Portfolio —Relative to our traded portfolio, our hold portfolio has the potential to generate a higher estimated annual return than our traded portfolio but requires approximately a 3 to 4 times greater capital investment, which is driven by the need to hold policies, rather than recycle the policies in trading, and to fund premium payments during the holding period for a policy. To the extent that we are not able to commit the required capital, we then focus efforts more on our traded portfolio. Our origination platform and proprietary risk rating heat map has allowed us to hold only what we determine to be the highest quality policies which have our lowest risk ratings. Policy Servicing In addition to generating economics on the policies we directly originate and actively manage, we have a dynamic platform to service bundles of policies for a variety of institutions. We generate revenue by charging a base servicing fee of approximately 0.5% of the total asset value of the portfolio. We have experience servicing a large number of policies for highly sophisticated institutions, including policies for KKR and Apollo. Beyond our fees, servicing policies at scale supports our data analytics and keeps us at the heart of the life settlements industry. We have a sophisticated team of professionals solely focused on servicing these policies. Prospects for Future Growth Continued Maturation of the Life Settlements Industry As described above, there is approximately $200 billion in policy value that lapses on an annual basis. However, the life settlements industry captured only approximately 2% of the potential market in 2021, which leaves significant runway for future growth for industry participants. The total face value of life insurance policies is expected to grow from approximately $6 billion in 2022 to approximately $8 billion in 2028, which is a 5% compounded annual growth rate. Given our position at the heart of the life settlements industry, we believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on this anticipated market growth. Focus on Growing our Origination Process Our ability to originate policies is essential to scale our business over time. In order to support this expected growth, we continue to invest in our technology and marketing infrastructure. In general, we expect our efforts will continue to focus on driving education and awareness of life settlements. In order to meet this growing demand, we have increased our total employee headcount. 6 Table of Contents Continued Innovation in Technology Using technology to improve our analytics, market liquidity and velocity of capital use is a key priority. Certain key technology elements are: 1. Analytics (Abacus Analytics) —the standard pricing and valuation platform for policy valuation and portfolio assessment that we believe will allow us to obtain visibility into every transaction in the industry. 2. Liquidity (Abacusmarketplace.com) —tertiary trading, servicing and valuation platform (added direct purchase in 2023). Abacusmarketplace.com is a proprietary technology platform that has been designed in order to facilitate tertiary trading, servicing and valuation for the life settlement industry. This platform is intended to increase the trading volume for the entire industry by removing intermediaries and improving the efficiency and security of the transactions. The Company expects to realize future revenue through licensing agreements with Abacusmarketplace.com. However, Abacusmarketplace.com is still in the early stages of development, and we do not currently expect that Abacusmarketplace.com will have a material impact on the Company’s future financial results. With blockchain technology, we expect that there will be increased comfort that the documents are secure on a private blockchain, which we believe will facilitate faster closing times. The blockchain technology to be used is still in the early stages of development and is currently not a material part of the Company’s business. We believe that Abacusmarketplace.com could be a leader in the industry and will allow an investor to fully understand how it may impact future business strategies and financial results. 3. Velocity (Lapetus Life Event Solutions, and AgingIQ) —key partnerships and tools that complement and enhance our core analytics platforms. a.Lapetus Life Event Solutions—partnership between Abacus and Lapetus Solutions, Inc. to build and develop current life expectancy tables based on our 18 years of data. This information includes tens of thousands of unique data points, aiding more accurate predictions of mortality experience related to several demographics including age, income and location. b. AgingIQ—lifespan prediction tool utilizing our mortality database. This tool explores how people can extend their lifespans and healthspans by adjusting current lifestyle related decisions (financial, healthy living and education). Access to Capital Markets Provides More Attractive Financing We believe that as a publicly traded company, we will have access to a lower cost of capital, which will optimize our per policy revenue and allow us to fund additional investment in infrastructure. Additionally, as discussed in more detail below, access to additional capital will enable us to increase our balance sheet hold portfolio, which we believe may drive higher returns. Transitioning Our Business Model as Our Capital Base Scales As our capital base scales, we have the ability to increase the proportion of policies that we hold on our balance sheet. One of the most obvious benefits to a larger hold portfolio is that it may increase the predictability of returns (i.e., held policies typically increase in value over time, largely independent of trading market conditions). Additionally, with a larger hold portfolio, there is a unique opportunity to begin securitizing policies. In the , we believe securitized portfolios can drive an even lower cost of capital and can be sold in scale to third parties at a significant multiple. Proven Ability to Deploy Capital and Scale 7 Table of Contents Over the past few years, we managed a $150 million capital base via a joint venture with a large alternative asset manager. This joint venture was terminated on the Closing Date. Under GAAP the financial results of the entire joint venture are not included in our financial statements as the joint venture is not under common control and neither Abacus nor LMA have a direct ownership interest or investment in the joint venture. The financial impacts of the joint venture recognized in the financial statements solely relate to the services provided by Abacus and LMA to the joint venture and are discussed in the respective related party transaction notes in the financial statements. Business Combination On August 30, 2022, East Resource Acquisition Company entered into the Merger Agreement with the Merger Subs, pursuant to which, among other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Merger Agreement, Abacus Merger Sub merged with and into Abacus Settlements, with Abacus Settlements surviving the Abacus Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of East Resource Acquisition Company, and LMA Merger Sub merged with and into LMA, with LMA surviving the LMA Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of East Resource Acquisition Company. In connection with the Closing of the Merger, East Resource Acquisition Company was renamed Abacus Life, Inc. (the foregoing transaction is referred to as the “Business Combination”). Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on June 30, 2023, the Business Combination was consummated. Our Employees As of December 31, 2023, we had one hundred two (102) employees, none of whom are subject to any collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. All of our employees are based in the United States. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our employee relations to be good. We believe that our employees are critical to our success, and in 2019, we were ranked a top 3 place to work in Orlando based on employee reviews. Intellectual Property Our business depends, in part, on our ability to develop and maintain the proprietary aspects of its core technology. We rely on trademarks to protect our intellectual property. We have been issued a federal registration for our “Abacus Settlements”, and “Abacus Life” trademarks. We also hold various domain names for websites that we use in our business. Additionally, we have developed and maintain proprietary software for our internal use to aid in pricing, valuation and risk analysis of life settlement policies. Regulatory Overview We are subject to various laws, regulations and licensing requirements in the United States which may expose us to liability, increase costs or have other adverse effects that could harm our business. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, data privacy and data localization, healthcare, insurance, copyright or similar laws, , consumer protection, employment and taxation. Compliance with such laws can require changes to our business practices and significant management time and effort. Additionally, as we continue to develop and improve products and services, and as those offerings grow in popularity, the risk that additional laws and regulations will impact our business will continue to increase. We believe that we are in material compliance with all such laws, regulations and licensing requirements. 8 Table of Contents Data Privacy Laws and Regulations Because we receive, use, transmit, disclose and store personal data, we are subject to numerous state and federal laws and regulations that address privacy, data protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure and protection of certain types of data. We are subject to the TCPA which restricts the making of telemarketing calls and the use of automatic telephone dialing systems. Violators of the TCPA face regulatory enforcement action, substantial civil penalties, injunctions, and in some states, private lawsuits for damages. Privacy and data security regulation in the U.S. is rapidly evolving. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which came into force in 2020. The CCPA and related regulations give California residents expanded rights to access and request deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used and shared. The CCPA allows for the California Attorney General to impose civil penalties for violations, as well as providing a private right of action for certain data breaches. California voters also recently passed the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which will take effect on January 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, including by imposing additional obligations on covered companies and expanding California consumers’ rights with respect to certain personal information. The CCPA’s restrictions on “sales” of personal information may restrict our use of cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes, as well as increasing our compliance costs and potential liability. The CCPA excludes information covered by the Act, the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the California Financial Information Privacy Act from the CCPA’s scope, but the CCPA’s definition of “personal information” is broad and may encompass other information that we maintain. The passage of the CCPA likely marked the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the U.S., and multiple states have enacted or proposed similar laws. For example, in 2020, Nevada enacted SB 220 which restricts the “selling” of personal information and, in 2021, Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act which is set to take effect on January 1, 2023 and creates new privacy rights for Virginia residents. There is also discussion in Congress of new comprehensive federal data protection and privacy law to which we likely would be subject if it is enacted. Various regulators are interpreting existing state consumer protection laws to impose evolving standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of other personal data. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. Our failure to comply with these privacy laws or regulations could expose us to significant fines and penalties imposed by regulators and has in the past and could in the future expose us to legal claims by buyers, or other relevant stakeholders. Some of these laws, such as the CCPA, permit individual or class action claims for certain alleged violations, increasing the likelihood of such legal claims. Similarly, many of these laws require us to maintain an online privacy policy, terms of service and other informational pages that disclose our practices regarding the collection, processing and disclosure of personal information. If these disclosures contain any information that a court or regulator finds to be inaccurate, we could also be exposed to legal or regulatory liability. Any such proceedings or violations could force us to spend money in defense or settlement of these proceedings, result in the imposition of monetary liability or demanding injunctive relief, divert management’s time and attention, increase our costs of doing business and materially adversely affect our reputation. Insurance Laws and Regulations 9 Table of Contents We operate as a life settlement producer in (49) states. We have a strong track record with each state in which we are licensed and have not had any reportable incidents. Our counsel and compliance staff reviews every life insurance policy we consider acquiring for compliance with applicable state regulations. We file an annual report with each state in which it operates and each state has the ability to request an audit at its discretion. Currently, 42 states have regulations that support the sale of life insurance policies to a third party, like our Company. Each state also has its own policyholder-facing disclosure requirements that we comply with in the ordinary course of its business. We focus on acquiring and trading , life insurance policies. These life insurance policies are deemed to be personal property of the owner based upon the Supreme Court decision Grigsby v. Russell in 1911. Furthermore, , life insurance policies are not deemed to be securities under the federal securities laws, and so the Company is not required to register as an investment adviser or an investment company under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended or the Investment Company Act, respectively. The Company may, in the future, purchase some amount of variable life insurance policies or interests in the death benefit of underlying life insurance policies. The Company has recently acquired a limited purpose broker dealer, which the Company intends to license to engage in transactions for variable and fractionalized life insurance policies. Abacus expects that any transactions in variable or fractionalized life insurance policies will represent less than 20% of the life insurance policies acquired by the Company at any time. The Company does not, and does not in the future intend to, engage in any life insurance securitization. Facilities Our corporate headquarters is located at 2101 Park Center Drive, Orlando, Florida 32835 and our telephone number is 800-561-4148. The headquarters consists of 18,866 square feet of “Class A” office space pursuant to a lease that expires in December 2029. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. However, in the ordinary course of business we may be subject from time to time to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties, and could result in damages, fines, penalties, sanctions or relief. We intend to recognize provisions for claims or pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertain nature of litigation, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement may materially vary from estimates. Additionally, any such claims, lawsuits and proceedings, whether or not successful, could damage our reputation and business. Available Information Our investor relations website address is https://ir.abacuslife.com/. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any and all amendments thereto are available free of charge through our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). These materials are also accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors The following discussion of "Risk Factors" identifies factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance. This information should be read in conjunction with "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The following discussion of risks is not but is designed to highlight what we believe are the material factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in statements. Risks Related to the Business of the Company The Company’s valuation of life insurance policies is uncertain as many life insurance policies’ values are tied to their actual maturity date and any erroneous valuations could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The valuation of life insurance policies involves inherent uncertainty (including, without limitation, the life expectancies of insureds and future increases in premium costs to keep the policies in force). There is no guarantee that the value determined with respect to a particular life settlement policy by the Company will represent the value that will be realized by the Company on the eventual disposition of the related investment or that would, in fact, be realized upon an immediate disposition of the investment. In addition, there can be no guarantee that such valuation accurately reflects the current present value of such life insurance policy at its actual maturity. Uncertainties as to the valuation of life insurance policies held by the Company could require adjustments to reported net asset values and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. Uncertainties as to the valuation may also result in the Company being less competitive in the market for originating new life settlement policies and could adversely affect the profits the Company realizes on life settlements purchased and sold. The Company could fail to accurately forecast life expectancies. There may also be changes to life expectancies generally, resulting in people living longer in the future, which could result in a lower return on the Company’s life settlement policies. Prices for life insurance policies and annuities that may be obtained by the Company depend, in large measure, upon the life expectancy of the underlying insureds. The returns of the Company’s hold portfolio is almost entirely dependent upon how accurate the actual longevity of an insured is as compared to the Company’s expectation for that insured. Life expectancies are estimates of the expected longevity or mortality of an insured. In determining the life expectancy of an insured, the Company relies on medical underwriting conducted by various medical underwriting firms. The medical underwriting process underlying life expectancy estimates is highly subjective, and mortality and longevity estimates are inherently uncertain. In addition, there can be no assurance that the applicable medical underwriting firm received accurate or complete information regarding the health of an insured under a life insurance policy, or that such insured’s health has not changed since the information was received. Different medical underwriting firms use different methods and may arrive at materially different mortality estimates for the same individual based on the same information, thus causing a life insurance policy’s value to vary. Moreover, as methods of calculating mortality estimates change over time, a mortality estimate prepared by any medical underwriting firm in connection with the acquisition of a life insurance policy may be different from a mortality estimate prepared by the same person at a later time. The valuation of the life insurance policies will vary depending on the dates of the related mortality estimates and the medical underwriting firms that provide the supporting information. Other factors, including, but not limited to, better access to health care, better adherence to treatment plans, improved nutritional habits, improved lifestyle, an improved economic environment and a higher standard of living could also lead to increases in the longevity of the insureds under the life insurance policies. In addition to other factors affecting the accuracy of life expectancy estimates, improvements in 11 Table of Contents medicine, disease treatment, pharmaceuticals and other medical and health services may enable insureds to live longer. The actual longevity of an insured may be materially different than the predicted mortality estimate. If the actual maturity date of life insurance policies are longer than projected, it would delay when the Company could expect to receive a return on its investment and the Company may be unable to meet its investment objectives and goals. For example, a term life insurance policy in which the Company may invest have a stated expiration date on the date at which the underlying insured reaches a certain attained age and, beyond such date, the issuing insurance company may not be obligated to pay the face value, but rather only the cash surrender value which is usually maintained at a low value by investors, if any, in accordance with the terms of such life insurance policy. Therefore, if the underlying insured survives to the stated maturity date set forth in the terms of the life insurance policy, the issuing insurance company may only be obligated to pay an amount substantially less than the face value, which could have an adverse effect on the performance of the Company. The medical underwriting and other firms that provide information for the Company’s forecasts of life expectancies are generally not regulated by the U.S. federal or state governments, with the exception of the states of Florida and Texas, which require life expectancy providers to register with their respective offices of insurance regulation. There can be no assurance that this business will not become more broadly regulated and, if so, that any such regulation would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to establish appropriate life expectancies in connection with the purchase or sale of policies. The Company’s policy acquisitions are limited by the market availability of life insurance policies that meet the Company’s eligibility criteria and purchase parameters, and failure to secure a sufficient number of quality life insurance policies could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. The life insurance policy secondary market has grown substantially in the past several years, however, as to whether and how it will continue to develop is uncertain. There are only a limited number of life insurance policies available in the market from time to time. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to source life insurance policies on terms acceptable to the Company. As more investment funds flow into the market for life insurance policies, margins may be squeezed and the value of the collateral may become comparatively more expensive to purchase or subject to greater competition on the purchase side. There can be no assurance that secondary market life insurance policies will be available to the Company on satisfactory or competitive terms. The supply of life insurance policies available in the market may be reduced by, among other things: (i) improvement in the economy, resulting in higher investment returns to insureds and other owners of life insurance policies from their investment portfolios; (ii) improvements in health insurance coverage, limiting the need of insureds to obtain funds to pay the cost of their medical treatment by selling their life insurance policies; (iii) the entry into the market of less reputable brokers who submit inaccurate or false life insurance policy information to the Company; (iv) the establishment of new licensing requirements for market participants and a delay in complying or an inability to comply with such new requirements; or (v) refusal of the carrier that issued a life insurance policy to consent to its transfer. A change in the availability of life insurance policies could adversely affect the Company’s ability to execute its strategy and meet its objectives. The Company may experience increased competition from originating life insurance companies, life insurance brokers, and investment funds which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. Life insurance companies have begun offering to repurchase their own life insurance policies from their current policyholders by offering “enhanced cash surrender value payments” above the amount of the net cash surrender value provided under the life insurance contracts’ terms and thus compete directly with the Company and other life settlement providers. The life settlements industry has challenged the legal validity of the life insurance companies’ actions, and some state insurance regulators have declared that these 12 Table of Contents repurchase offers are unlawful while other state insurance regulators have approved them. To the extent that life insurance companies can seek to repurchase their own life insurance policies, they present competition to the Company in acquiring policies. In addition, the Company is subject to significant competition from other life settlement brokers and investment funds for the purchase of life settlement policies. Increased competition for life settlement policies may result in the Company being unable to access the number of life settlement policies that it desires for its business at prices that it deems acceptable. Historically, there has been a negative public perception of the life settlement industry that could affect the value and/or liquidity of the Company’s investments and the life settlement industry faces political opposition from life insurance companies which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. Many regulators, lawmakers and other governmental authorities, as well as many insurance companies and insurance industry organizations, are hostile to or otherwise concerned about certain aspects of the asset markets. The life settlement industry and some of its participants have also been, and may continue to be, portrayed negatively in a number of widely read publications and other forms of media. These opponents regularly contend that life settlement transactions are contrary to public policy by promoting financial speculation on human life and often involve elements of fraud and other wrongdoing. Continued public opposition to the life settlement industry, as well as actual or alleged wrongdoing by participants in the industry, could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its investors, including on the value and/or liquidity of the Company’s investments. In March 2010, the American Council of Life Insurers, an insurance carrier trade association, issued a press release calling for a complete ban on life settlement securitization. While that effort was not successful, any such federal or state legislation, if passed, could have the effect of severely limiting or potentially prohibiting the continued operation of the Company’s life settlement purchasing operations. All of the foregoing could adversely affect the Company’s ability to execute its investment strategy and meet its investment objectives. The Company or third parties the Company relies upon could fail to accurately evaluate, acquire, maintain, track, or collect on life settlement policies, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s revenues. The Company relies on third party data for tracking and servicing its life settlement policies. This includes the origination and servicing of life settlement policies by the servicing and tracking agent, market counterparties and other service providers, and the Company may not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of such data and systems. Failures in the systems employed by the Company and other service providers, counterparties, and other parties could result in mistakes made in the evaluation, acquisition, maintenance, tracking and collection of life settlement policies and other investments. This could result in the Company overpaying for life settlement policies it acquires or underpricing life settlement policies it sells. In addition, disruptions in the Company’s operations as a result of a failure in a third party system may cause the Company to suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of its business, liability to , regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing failures or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Company. There is a risk of fraud in the origination of the original life insurance policy or in subsequent sales of the life insurance policy that could adversely affect the Company’s returns which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The Company faces the risk that an original owner of a life insurance policy, the related insured, the insurance agent involved in the issuance of such life insurance policy, or other party may have committed 13 Table of Contents fraud, or misstated or failed to provide material information in connection with the origination or subsequent sale of that life insurance policy. While most life insurance policies may not be challenged for fraud after the end of the contestability period, there may be situations where such fraud in connection with the issuance of a life insurance policy may survive the contestability period. If an issuing insurance company successfully challenges a life insurance policy acquired by the Company on the grounds of fraud, the Company may lose its entire investment in that life insurance policy. Furthermore, if the age of an insured was misstated, the Company may receive lower death benefits than expected. In addition, there may be information directly relevant to the value of a life insurance policy, including, but not limited to, information relating to the insured’s medical or financial condition, to which the Company will not have access. It is not possible to verify the accuracy or completeness of each piece of information or the completeness of the overall information supplied by such parties. Any such misstatement or omission could cause the Company to rely on assumptions which turn out to be inaccurate. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the seller of a life insurance policy in the tertiary market properly acquired that policy from the former owner, or that a former beneficiary or other interested party will not attempt to challenge the validity of the transfer. The occurrence of any one or more of these factors could adversely affect the Company’s performance and returns. The Company may become subject to claims by life insurance companies, individuals and their families, or regulatory authorities which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The secondary market for life insurance policies has been subjected to allegations of fraud and misconduct as reflected in certain litigated cases. Some of these cases, some of which have been brought by regulatory authorities, involve allegations of fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, bid rigging, of material facts and associated misconduct in life settlement transactions. Cases have also been brought by the life insurance companies that challenge the legality of the original issuance of the life insurance policies based on lack of insurable interest, fraud and misrepresentation grounds. Further, both federal and U.S. state statutes safeguard an insured’s private health information. In addition, insureds frequently have an expectation of confidentiality even if they are not legally entitled to it. Even if the Company properly obtains and uses otherwise private health information, but fails to maintain the confidentiality of such information, the Company may be the subject of complaints from the affected individuals, their families and relatives and, potentially, interested regulatory authorities. Because of the uncertainty of applicable laws, it is not possible to predict the outcome of those disputes. It is also possible that, due to a misunderstanding regarding the scope of consents that a transaction party possesses, the Company may request and receive from health care providers, information that it in fact did not have a right to request or receive. If the Company finds itself to be the recipient of complaints for these acts, it is not possible to predict what the results will be. This uncertainty also increases the likelihood that a transaction party may sell, or cause to be sold, life insurance policies in violation of applicable law, which could potentially result in additional costs related to defending claims or enduring regulatory inquiries, rescinding such transactions, possible legal damages and penalties and probable reduced market value of the affected life insurance policies. Each of the foregoing factors may delay or reduce the return on the policies and adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Life settlements in which we invest are not currently regulated under the federal securities laws, but if deemed to be securities would require further compliance with federal and state securities laws, which could result in significant additional regulatory burdens on the Company, and limit the Company’s investments, which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business and results of operations. The origination and trading in whole, life insurance policies has historically been understood to not involve transactions in securities. However, on February 22, 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in a case captioned In the Matter of Living Benefits Asset Management, LLC, vs. Kestrel Aircraft Company, Incorporated, case No. 18-10510, concluded that whole, life insurance policies, when offered for sale to an investor, were securities for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If 14 Table of Contents this same conclusion were to be reached in other circuits or at the Supreme Court and extended to the Securities Act, there would be significant changes to our industry and it would materially impact the Company’s ability to conduct its business. In 2002, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals reached a similar conclusion with respect to fractionalized death benefits payable under policies in SEC v. Mutual Benefits Corp., but the District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals reached a contrary result with respect to fractionalized death benefits in SEC v. Life Partners which was decided in 1996. The Company does not presently transact in fractionalized death benefits, i.e. buying or selling a part of, but not all of, a life settlement policy, nor does it currently plan to transact in fractionalized death benefits. On July 22, 2010, the SEC released a staff report that recommended that Congress clearly define life settlements to be securities, so that the investors in life settlements transactions would be protected under the U.S. federal securities laws. To date, the SEC has not made another such recommendation to Congress nor has Congress acted on the SEC staff’s report. If the statutory definitions of “security” were to be amended to encompass life settlements involving life insurance policies, or if the Supreme Court or other Circuit Courts were to conclude that life insurance policies are securities for purposes of the Securities Act, the Company could become subject to additional extensive regulatory requirements under the federal securities laws. Those regulatory requirements would include the obligation to register the Company’s sales and offerings of life settlements with the SEC as public offerings under the Securities Act. Also, if the resale of life insurance policies were to be considered securities, the Company’s ownership of those policies as a percentage of its assets or source of income could be limited as it would likely manage its business to avoid being required to register as an “investment company” pursuant to the Investment Company Act. Those limitations could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. Any legislation or court or regulatory interpretations leading to that regulatory change or a change in the transactions that are characterized as life settlement transactions could lead to significantly increased compliance costs and increased liability risk to the Company, and could adversely affect the Company’s ability to acquire or sell life insurance policies in the future. This could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Company. The Company cannot assure you as to the ultimate content, timing, or effect of changes, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of any such potential change in administration or new legislation on the Company’s business, financial condition, or results of operations and consequently, any potential material and adverse effect on the performance of the Company. The Company may be subject to certain U.S. state securities laws, and failure to comply with applicable requirements may result in fines, sanctions and rescission of purchase or sale transactions. Certain U.S. state laws specifically characterize life settlements as securities transactions. Thus, in some U.S. states, purchases and sales of life insurance policies by the Company may be subject to applicable U.S. state blue sky laws or other U.S. state securities laws. The Company intends to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws. However, this will not necessarily exempt the Company from compliance with U.S. federal or state laws. The failure to comply with applicable securities laws in connection with the purchase or sale of life settlement policies could result in the Company being subject to fines, administrative and civil sanctions and rescission of life settlement policy purchase or sales transactions. Each of the foregoing factors could materially and adversely affect the performance of the Company. T he Company could in the future be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or could have to substantively change its business model in order to fit within an applicable exemption from such registration requirement. 15 Table of Contents The Company’s sales of life insurance policies and investment and financing programs of which the purchase or sale of a life insurance policy is a part are subject to an evolving regulatory landscape. Depending on the facts and circumstances attending such sales or programs, U.S. state and federal securities laws, including the Investment Company Act could be implicated, and it is possible that the Company could in the future be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company would not be able to continue to operate its business as it does today if required to register as an investment company. In such event, the Company would have to substantively change its business model to avoid registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If the Company were required to change its business model in order to fit within an exemption from registration, it would have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Company. The Company faces privacy and cyber security risks related to its maintenance of proprietary information, including information regarding life settlement policies and the related insureds, and any adverse impact related to such risks could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The Company relies on data processing systems to price and close transactions, to evaluate investments, to monitor its portfolio and capital, and to generate risk management and other reports that are critical to oversight of the Company’s activities. Further, the Company relies on information systems to store sensitive information about the Company, its affiliates, and its investments, including life settlement policies and information about the related insured individuals and others. While the Company is not aware of security breaches or proceedings related to the processing of information, the loss or improper access, use or disclosure of the Company’s proprietary information can adversely impact the Company. For example, the Company could suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of its business, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Additionally, the Company collects information related to life insurance, including nonpublic personal information (“NPI”) and protected health information (“PHI”), and information from its website, such as contact information and policy information. The Company also collects information from its employees, such as standard HR information, and business contact information from third party employees. The Company shares information with its service providers, and has entered into and business association agreements, where appropriate. Although the Company has, and believes that each service provider has, procedures and systems in place that it believes are reasonably designed to protect such information and prevent data loss and security breaches, such measures cannot guarantee absolute security. Furthermore, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently with increasing sophistication and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. For example, hardware or software acquired from third parties may contain defects in design or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Network connected services provided by third parties to the Company may be susceptible to compromise, leading to a breach of the Company’s network and/or business interruptions. The Company’s systems or facilities may be susceptible to employee error or malfeasance, government surveillance, or other security threats. The Company is subject to U.S. privacy laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. Due to the type of information the Company collects, including personal, medical, and financial information on the underlying insureds, and the nature of its services, the Company is subject to privacy laws. In the United States, federal, state and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws to address privacy, data protection and collection, and the processing and disclosure of certain types of information. Obligations related to these laws are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent and creating regulatory uncertainty. In addition, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and 16 Table of Contents interpretations, which can result in inconsistency or conflict among jurisdictions. Among these laws, the Company is likely subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA”), Controlling Assault of Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, the Bliley Act (“GLBA”) and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). The Company may be considered a financial institution under the GLBA, and is subject to the GLBA through the NPI it collects. The GLBA regulates, among other things, the use of certain information about individuals (NPI) in the context of the provision of financial services. The GLBA includes both a “Privacy Rule,” which imposes obligations on financial institutions relating to the use or disclosure of NPI, and a “Safeguards Rule,” which imposes obligations on financial institutions, and indirectly, their service providers, to implement and maintain physical, administrative and technological measures to protect the security of NPI. The Company has certain business components that are subject to HIPAA. HIPAA imposes privacy, security and breach notification obligations on “covered entities” and “business associates.” Furthermore, HIPAA requires “covered entities” and “business associates” to develop and maintain policies with respect to the protection of PHI. If in violation of HIPAA, the Company may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations. HIPAA also authorizes state Attorneys Generals to file suit on behalf of their residents. Courts may award damages, costs and attorneys’ fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue the Company in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. Because of the complexity of the various data privacy laws the Company may be subject to, compliance can be costly. The Company has taken general steps to comply with data privacy and security laws. For example, the Company has implemented a number of policies, including policies regarding access controls, customer data privacy, secure data disposal, and incident response and risk assessments. Despite these efforts, the Company may at times fail in its efforts due to the complexity and evolving nature of these laws. Failure to comply with relevant data privacy laws could negatively impact the Company’s operations, including subject the Company to possible government enforcement actions which could result in investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspection, litigation, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight. The Company’s business may be subject to additional or different government regulation in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The Company is currently licensed and operating in 49 states. Increased regulation (whether promulgated under insurance laws or any other applicable law) and regulatory oversight of and changes in law applicable to life settlements may restrict the ability of the Company to carry on its business as currently conducted. This could also impose additional administrative burdens on the Company, including responding to examinations and other regulatory inquiries and implementing policies and procedures. Regulatory inquiries often are confidential in nature, may involve a review of an individual’s or a firm’s activities or may involve studies of the industry or industry practices, as well as the practices of a particular institution. There is currently no direct legal authority regarding the proper federal tax treatment of life settlements and potential future rulings from the IRS may have significant tax consequences on the Company. There is no direct legal authority regarding the proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of life settlements, and the Company does not plan to request a ruling from the IRS. Consequently, significant aspects of the tax treatment of the Company’s assets are uncertain, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the Company’s treatment of life settlements as prepaid financial contracts that are not debt. If the IRS were successful in asserting an alternative treatment, the tax consequences of ownership and disposition of life settlements could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, in 2007, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting public comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income 17 Table of Contents tax treatment of “prepaid forward contracts” and similar instruments. Any Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in life settlements, possibly with retroactive effect. There have been lawsuits in various states questioning whether a purchaser of a life insurance policy has the requisite “insurable interest” in the policy which would permit the purchaser to collect the insurance benefits and an adverse finding in any of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. All states require that the initial purchaser of a new life insurance policy insuring the life of another individual have an insurable interest in that individual’s life at the time of the original issuance of the policy. An “insurable interest” is an economic stake in an event for which a person or entity purchases an insurance policy. An insurance policy may only be initially purchased by a person or entity who has an insurable interest in the insured. For example, if a spouse purchases an insurance policy on his or her spouse or a company purchases an insurance policy on an employee. In addition, some states may require that the Company have an insurable interest in the insured. Whether an insurable interest exists in the context of the purchase of a life insurance policy is critical because in the absence of a valid insurable interest, life insurance policies are unenforceable under the laws of most states. Where a life insurance policy has been issued to a policy holder without an insurable interest in the life of the insured, the life insurance company may not be required to pay the face value under the policy and may also be entitled to retain the premiums paid. Generally, there are two forms of insurable interest in the life of an individual, familial and financial. Additionally, an individual is deemed to have an insurable interest in his or her own life. Insurable interest is determined at the inception of the policy. The definition of exactly what constitutes “insurable interest” tends to vary by state. Some cases have also been initiated by life insurance companies, challenging the legality of the original issuance of policies on insurable interest grounds and asserting that such policies constitute “ Life Insurance” or “STOLI,” which is defined as a practice or plan to initiate a life insurance policy for a investor who, at the time of policy origination, has no insurable interest in the insured. Some states (such as Utah and New York) permit the heirs and beneficiaries of an insured to recover the face value under such STOLI policies rather than the policy owner which lacked insurable interest. While the Company does not believe it has invested in any STOLI polices, and has policies and procedures in place to identify potential STOLI policies, there can be no guarantee that the Company will identify all STOLI policies. As such, the Company may acquire certain life insurance policies that may be deemed by an issuing insurance company to be STOLI policies, whether purposefully, if the Company deems such life insurance policy to be an attractive investment even after taking into account the insurable interest risk, or inadvertently, where the true nature of such life insurance policy is not discovered prior to its acquisition by the Company. Should an issuing insurance company successfully challenge the validity of a life insurance policy acquired by the Company, the Company will lose its investment in such life insurance policy. Furthermore, the Company will also suffer losses if a family member of an insured is successful in asserting a claim that he or she, and not the Company, is entitled to the face value payable under a life insurance policy. The failure of the Company to accurately and timely track and pay premium payments on the life insurance policies it holds could result in the lapse of such policies which would have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. In order to realize gains on its investment in life insurance policies, the Company must ensure that the life insurance policies remain in force until they mature or are sold by the Company. Failure by the Company to pay premiums on the life insurance policies when due will result in termination or “lapse” of the life insurance policies and will result in the loss of the Company’s investment in such life insurance policies. The originating life insurance company may increase the cost of insurance premiums, which would adversely affect the Company’s returns. 18 Table of Contents For any life insurance policies that may be obtained by the Company, the Company will be responsible for maintaining the policies, including paying insurance premiums. If a life insurance company increases the cost of insurance charged for any of the life insurance policies held by the Company, the amounts required to be paid for insurance premiums due for these life insurance policies may increase, requiring the Company to incur additional costs for the life insurance policies which may reduce the value of such life insurance policies and consequently affect the returns available on such policies. Life insurance companies have in the past materially increased the cost of insurance charges. There can be no assurance that life insurance policies acquired by the Company will not be subject to cost of insurance increases. If any such life insurance policies are affected by a cost of insurance increase, the value of such life insurance policy may be materially reduced and the Company may decide or may be forced to allow such life insurance policy to lapse, resulting in a loss to the Company. In the event an insurance company experiences significantly higher than anticipated expenses associated with operation and/or policy administration, or, in some instances, lower investment returns, the insurance company may have the right to increase the charges to each of its policy owners, but not beyond guaranteed maximums. While the insurance companies did not specify the reason for the increases, it is generally believed that the low interest rate environment was a significant contributing factor in the decision to raise the cost of insurance. The Company may not be able to liquidate its life insurance policies which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company engages in the purchase and sale of life insurance policies. The liquidation value of these life insurance policies is important where, for example, it becomes necessary to sell life insurance policies from the Company’s hold portfolio in order to meet the Company’s cash flow needs, including the payment of future premiums. In many cases liquidations may not be a viable option to meet the Company’s liquidity because of, among other things: (1) the lack of a market for such life insurance policies at the time; (2) the uncertainties surrounding the liquidation value of an individual life insurance policy; (3) the extensive amount of time and effort it might take to sell a life insurance policy; (4) the effect excessive sales of life insurance policies may have on transactions and future cash flows; and (5) the tax consequences. The Company assumes the credit risk associated with life insurance companies and may not be able to realize the full value of insurance company payouts which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s profits. The Company will assume the credit risk associated with life insurance policies issued by various life insurance companies. The failure or bankruptcy of any such life insurance company could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s ability to achieve its investment objectives. A life insurance company’s business tends to track general economic and market conditions that are beyond its control, including extended economic recessions, interest rate changes, the subprime lending market crisis or changes in investor perceptions regarding the strength of insurers generally and the life insurance policies or annuities they offer. Adverse economic factors and volatility in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on a life insurance company’s business obligation to pay the face value of policies. The insolvency of any insurance company or a downgrade in the 

[truncated]