Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 51 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 114 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 114 Item 9B. Other Information 115 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 115 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 116 Item 11. Executive Compensation 116 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 116 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 116 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 116 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 117 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 120 Signatures 121 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including statements regarding our beliefs, expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition to historical financial analysis, this discussion and analysis contains statements based upon current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the prospects of our industry or our prospects, plans, financial position, or business strategy may constitute statements. statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as “believe(s),” “estimate(s),” “expect(s),” “predict(s),” “project(s),” “forecast(s),” “may,” “might,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “seek(s),” “plan(s),” “scheduled,” “possible,” “continue,” “potential,” “anticipate(s)” or “intend(s)” or similar expressions, including the negative of these terms or variations of them or similar terms; provided that the absence of these does not means that a statement is not . All statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company assumes no obligation to update any such forw statements except as required by law. Actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these statements as a result of various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the potential impact of our business relationships, including with our employees, customers and competitors; changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial markets; weakness or adverse changes in the level of activity in our sector or the sectors of our affiliated companies, which may be caused by, among other things, high or increasing interest rates, or a weak U.S. economy; significant competition that our operating subsidiaries face; compliance with extensive government regulation; and other risks detailed in the those set forth under “Risk Factors” or elsewhere in this document and in our other public filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that these expectations will prove to be correct. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in these statements. Further, factors identified herein are not necessarily all the factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any of the statements. Other factors, including unknown or unpredictable factors, also could harm us. Accordingly, you should consider all these risks, uncertainties and other factors carefully in evaluating all such statements made by us and not place undue reliance on statements. Part I Item 1. Business Business Combination Abacus Global Management, Inc. (“we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” or “Abacus”) was formerly known as Abacus Life, Inc. and East Resources Acquisition Company (“ERES”). The Company was initially organized as ERES, a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on May 22, 2020. On June 30, 2023, we completed a business combination by and between Abacus Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of ERES (“Abacus Merger Sub”), Longevity Market Assets, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“LMA”), and Abacus Settlements, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Abacus Settlements” and, together with LMA, the “Companies”), pursuant to which (i) LMA Merger Sub merged with and into LMA, with LMA surviving and (ii) Abacus Merger Sub merged with and into Abacus, with Abacus 1 Table of Contents surviving (together the “Mergers” and, along with the transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement, the “Business Combination”) and the Companies became direct wholly owned subsidiaries of ERES. In connection with the Business Combination, ERES changed its name to Abacus Life, Inc. On February 27, 2025, we changed our name to Abacus Global Management, Inc. Prior to December 2, 2024, the Company conducted its business through its wholly owned, consolidated subsidiaries, primarily the Companies. On December 2, 2024, we completed the acquisitions of Carlisle Management Company S.C.A., a corporate partnership limited by shares established under the laws of Luxembourg (“CMC”), Carlisle Investment Group S.A.R.L., a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg (“CIG,” and together with CMC, “Carlisle”), a investment manager in the life settlement space (such acquisitions, the “Carlisle Acquisition”). On December 2, 2024, we also completed the acquisition of FCF Advisors, LLC (“FCF Advisors” or “FCF”), a New York based asset manager and index provider specializing in free cash investment strategies (“FCF Acquisition”). Refer to Note 3 Business Combinations of the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information. On October 6, 2025, we completed the acquisition of AccuQuote, an online life insurance brokerage company that offers customers quotes from multiple insurance providers through a single platform. For more than four decades, AccuQuote has helped nearly 350,000 families discern insurance options and secure coverage. The acquisition strengthens the Company’s financial services platform while removing barriers and expanding access to insurance solutions nationwide, empowering our technology stack with accretive solutions. We operate through five principal subsidiaries: • Abacus Settlements, LLC (“Abacus Settlements”) , was organized as a New York limited liability company in 2004. In 2016, Abacus Settlements was licensed in Florida as a life settlement provider and became a Florida limited liability company. Abacus Settlements is not an insurance company, are not licensed or regulated as an insurance company, and therefore does not underwrite insurable risks for our own account. • Longevity Market Assets, LLC (“LMA”) , which was formed in 2017 as a Florida limited liability company • Carlisle , incorporated in 2008 in Luxembourg • FCF Advisors , incorporated in 2016 in New York • AccuQuote , an online life insurance brokerage company acquired in October 2025 Our Mission Our mission is to revolutionize financial services through expert asset management and lifespan insights, leveraging advanced technology to deliver personalized solutions that optimize financial across every stage of life. Strategic Vision “Abacus envisions a future where financial decisions are transformed by the powerful intersection of technology, longevity data, and expert asset management. Through our four integrated verticals—Life Solutions, Asset Management, Private Wealth Management, and Health and Longevity Technology—we strive to be the premier financial partner that helps institutional investors, financial advisors, and clients harness untapped value in lifespan metrics, creating investment strategies that stand the test of time.” - Jay Jackson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Abacus Global Management, Inc. 2 Table of Contents Abacus Overview Abacus Global Management (NYSE: ABX) is a leading financial services company specializing in alternative asset management, wealth solutions, technology innovations, and institutional services. With a focus on assets and personalized financial planning, Abacus leverages proprietary data analytics and decades of industry expertise to deliver innovative solutions that optimize financial outcomes for individuals and institutions worldwide. As of the end of 2025, the Company’s assets under management grew to approximately $3.33 billion. On December 30, 2025, the Company transferred its listing from the Nasdaq Stock Market to the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and began trading under the ticker symbol “ABX,” reflecting its evolution as a scaled, diversified alternative asset manager. The company’s expanded business model now operates through four distinct yet complementary divisions: Abacus Life Solutions Since 2004, Abacus has purchased over $10 billion in face value of life insurance policies, helping thousands of clients maximize the value of their life insurance assets. The Life Solutions division specializes in helping consumers achieve financial security through retirement products while serving as a solutions provider to institutions. The institutional business assists insurance carriers and reinsurers in optimizing legacy liabilities and creating innovative products through solutions. With the acquisition of AccuQuote in October 2025, the Life Solutions division now includes a premier digital life insurance origination platform that allows customers to compare quotes from multiple carriers through a single, interface, further expanding the Company’s ability to serve clients across the entire lifecycle of their insurance needs. Policy Origination As one of the leading buyers of life insurance policies in the United States for over 20 years, we sit at the heart of the life settlements industry. We leverage our strong market position, highly efficient origination platform and proprietary technology to drive our revenue and profitability. The Company and its executive team have deep experience in the life settlement industry. The Company’s guidelines are designed to allow the Company to target the life insurance policies that it believes have the most upside potential to generate attractive returns to the Company through either its hold or trade portfolio. Currently, the Company principally invests in universal life insurance policies and retains the discretion to invest in whole life or convertible term life insurance policies. Underwriting. Abacus’ origination guidelines focus on the age, gender and health of the insured, the duration, mortality risk and face value of the underlying life insurance policy, the projected internal rate of return of the investment in the underlying life insurance policy after taking into account the cost of making continued premium payments, and the ultimate amount and timing of the death benefit. These guidelines are designed to allow the Company to target the life insurance policies that it believes will generate attractive returns. The Company invests primarily in universal life insurance policies. Origination. Our proven policy origination process, known as “origination services” first locates policies and screens them for eligibility for a life settlement. This process includes verifying that the policy is in force, obtaining consent forms, and making disclosures to policy owners, and obtaining or generating life expectancy estimates. We generate fees on the policies we originate, which are sourced from three channels: (i) a network of approximately 30,000 financial advisors and agents, (ii) , and (iii) a number of traditional life settlements intermediaries that submit policies to us on behalf of a financial advisor, agent or other client. Portfolio Management. Once identified, we utilize our proprietary “ ” technology platform to determine the initial risk and viability of policies. Thereafter, a purchased policy is “actively managed,” whereby we consistently monitor the policy risk to optimize revenue by choosing to either (x) trade the policy 3 Table of Contents to a institutional investor (i.e., receive a trade spread) or (y) hold the policy over time (i.e., pay premiums and receive payout). Additionally, we service policies on behalf of third parties for which we receive revenue based on a percentage of policy value. Our and dynamic revenue model is made possible by the fact that we sit at the heart of the entire life settlements industry. Our revenue generation platform and economic model is best summarized below: 1. Origination (fees based on a percentage of the face value or net death benefit of the acquired policies) 2. Active Management (spreads for traded policies and realized returns for held policies) 3. Third Party Portfolio Servicing (fees based on a percentage of the total asset value serviced) Abacus Asset Group The asset management division serves primarily institutional investors alongside select private clients, providing excess returns across the spectrum. Abacus Asset Group specializes in uncorrelated and assets, replacement strategies, flow based investment solutions, and finance. This division leverages proprietary analytics and market insights to identify unique opportunities through distinct investment strategies that deliver consistent performance through various market cycles while maintaining a disciplined approach to risk management. During December 2024, we added two asset management companies in connection with two business acquisitions described above. Starting in December 2024, we manage alternative investment funds and funds (“ETFs”). The alternative investment funds primarily invest in insurance policy settlement contracts that cater to investors seeking returns with low correlation to other asset classes. The ETFs primarily invest in equity securities using a suite of core and thematic free cash flow equity strategies and offer over 50 customizable free cash flow index strategies covering eight global equities allocation categories available in separately managed accounts. Asset Management fees are based on a percentage of total asset value under management. We also realize performance fees based on a percentage of returns over certain hurdle rates for the managed alternative investment funds. In January 2026, the Company launched an finance (“ABF”) strategy within Abacus Asset Group, targeting the $20 finance market. The ABF strategy deploys capital into investments, combining institutional-quality origination and structuring expertise with the Company’s proprietary insurance analytics and deep sector relationships. The strategy targets a broad range of asset classes, including consumer credit, equipment finance, receivables, small business loans, intellectual property rights, and contractual cash flows, with approximately 65% of investments targeted in holdings with investment characteristics. The strategy seeks to generate returns comprised of both current income and capital appreciation, with an emphasis on stable cash flows, low volatility, and low correlation to broader markets. Abacus Intel Building on decades of experience and proprietary health and longevity data sets, Abacus Intel creates technology products that are revolutionizing the life planning industry. These innovations deliver tremendous benefits for pension funds, government agencies, and businesses. The division has developed platforms that conduct mortality verification, locate missing participants, and service the secondary life insurance market with unprecedented speed and accuracy. Starting in February 2024, we utilize proprietary technology based on health and longevity data sets to provide solutions to pension funds, government agencies, businesses, as well as other entities that benefit from mortality verification, missing participant verification, and other services specific to the life insurance market. Technology Services fees are based on fixed annual contracts. During the fourth quarter of 2024 we began recognizing Technology Service revenue generated by ABL Tech (now operating as Abacus Intel). Abacus Wealth Advisors 4 Table of Contents Leveraging more than two decades of proprietary data and algorithms, Abacus Wealth Advisors is redefining wealth management through a transparent, cutting edge, approach. The division helps financial advisors create customized plans based on clients’ health, longevity, and overall financial wellbeing, moving beyond planning to develop financial strategies tailored to each individual. The Life Settlement Industry Large Addressable Market with Meaningful Growth Potential We operate within a large, growing and currently market. The face value of all in force U.S. life insurance industry policies is approximately $14 trillion. Historically, more than 90% of life insurance policies in force did not pay a claim. Based on industry forecasts, approximately 75% of policyholders over the age of 65 will either cancel their policies or allow their coverage to lapse, forfeiting the right to ever receive a full payout. The life settlements industry helps solve this problem by allowing policyholders the opportunity to monetize their policies. We are currently a leader in the life settlements industry. The Company has approximately a 26% market share based on our 2023 capital invested/total industry capital invested and data compiled in a 2024 report by The Deal and Life Settlements Report, a U.S. life settlements industry news source. Data for the report was aggregated from each state based on 2023 annual reporting. We have a proven track record of growth and strong asset returns. Furthermore, we are currently operational in 49 states, which is a key differentiator in an industry with high barriers to entry due to significant regulatory requirements. Our business is supported by over 325 employees and an innovative leadership team, with an average of over 20 years of experience in the industry. The combination of the large U.S. life insurance market and the high percentage of policies that never pay a claim creates a considerable opportunity for Abacus and the broader life settlements industry. Specifically, the scale of the life settlements market opportunity is $224 billion each year, according to the 2025 “A Conning Strategic Study.” However, in 2024, the life settlements industry captured only approximately 2% of the annual market of lapsed life insurance policies. We believe there is a significant opportunity to increase this market penetration, primarily by driving awareness and education regarding the ability to monetize life insurance policies by utilizing our services. Life insurance is often a senior citizen’s largest asset and one that can be used to alleviate retirement challenges, but it is rarely treated in this way. This can be partially attributed to the fact that almost half of all financial advisors are not aware that selling a life insurance policy is an option for their clients. We help financial advisors and their clients understand that a life insurance policy is personal property and selling it for a fair market value is a legitimate, safe and viable choice that creates more investment options for the client. While less than 1% of financial advisors and agents transact in the life settlements market, based on research conducted by the Life Insurance Settlement Association, the primary industry trade association for the U.S. life settlements industry, we believe approximately 90% of senior citizens who let their life insurance policies lapse or surrendered their policies, would have considered this alternative if they had been made aware of it before lapsing or surrendering their policies. The reference to this study can be found at the Life Insurance Settlement Association — https://www.lisa.org/ /. Selling a life insurance policy is a valuable transaction and for those consumers who transact, the benefits can be substantial. On average, life settlements companies pay sellers nearly eight times more than the current cash value of a policy. Selling a life insurance policy not only alleviates the requirement for a policyholder to pay premiums but creates a meaningful and immediate monetization event. Sellers use these proceeds in a variety of ways, including to support their retirement, transfer wealth and pay medical bills. Generally Uncorrelated Alternative Asset Class with Institutional Investment Grade Counterparts 5 Table of Contents While selling life insurance policies at a fair market value can have significantly positive impacts on a person’s life, it is a mutually beneficial transaction. The underlying life insurance policy is a highly attractive asset that has minimal payout risk and generally uncorrelated returns. The counterparties to these transactions are generally investment grade insurance companies. In fact, greater than 90% of our carriers have an “A Rating” or better. Additionally, these life insurance policies are cash backed by the carriers, which means they are required to pay policy claims ahead of any other contractual obligation, including senior debt. In addition to counterparty quality, this is a largely asset class. A life insurance policy is sometimes described as a “ bond” because its underlying value will appreciate over time as it approaches maturity (i.e., as the policyholder ages). This is best demonstrated when comparing our historical returns relative to other benchmark asset classes. We are at the Heart of the Life Settlements Industry Abacus’ Origination Model Our “Origination Process” is core to our entire business and drives our economics. We’re paid a percentage of face value in origination fees on policies and have spent the last 20 years developing three high quality origination channels (financial advisors or agents, direct to consumer and life settlements brokers). An example of our target market includes policyholders over 75 years old whose insurance need for life insurance is outweighed by the benefit of immediate cash. We then focus our origination process on these targeted individuals, developing processes and procedures for identifying and screening policies that have attractive potential returns. We have three distinct origination channels to reach this target market. • Financial Advisor or Agent —Our largest origination channel involves working directly with financial advisors to facilitate the sale of their client’s life insurance policies. Since our founding, we have been at the forefront of developing this market and are now ingrained in a network of over 30,000 financial advisors. We are currently on multiple national financial advisory platforms, we present at conferences, and we develop marketing tools to help advisors efficiently present the benefits of life insurance settlements to their clients. As we highlighted earlier, just under half of financial advisors are unaware this financial option exists and less than 1% have completed a life settlement transaction. This origination channel has driven our significant growth over the last five years, and we believe it will continue to be a priority for our future growth. • Direct to Consumer —We have been building this channel for several years and have focused heavily on increasing broad consumer awareness and education regarding life insurance settlements. We have been active in a variety of common advertisement channels, including radio and television advertisements. In addition, we have created a unique online “Policy Value Calculator” so that individuals can receive an instant valuation on their life insurance policies. With the acquisition of AccuQuote, the Company has significantly expanded this channel by adding a premier digital insurance marketplace that allows customers to compare quotes from multiple carriers through a single, interface, offering them convenience, optionality, and the ability to enroll in a plan specific to their needs. The channel has historically driven origination of smaller face value life policies than through our financial advisor or agent channel, thereby expanding the scope of life policies we are able to value and acquire. • Traditional Life Settlements Intermediaries —Within this channel, we engage with life settlements intermediaries or “brokers” who submit policies to us on behalf of an advisor or client, for which the life settlement intermediary earns a commission. We intend to slowly reduce our reliance on these intermediaries over time and focus our efforts on building out the technology required to educate and gain access to both the financial advisor and channels. 6 Table of Contents We intend to continue to fuel origination growth by expanding our team and outreach. In order to drive awareness across all origination channels, we plan to expand our marketing and national television advertising campaigns. Abacus’ Policy Acquisition Process A life settlement transaction is the process by which a intermediary acquires an existing life insurance policy for an amount greater than its current cash surrender value. Upon closing of the life settlement transaction, the policyholder receives an immediate cash payment, and the intermediary receives ownership of the policy. Thus, the intermediary becomes the beneficiary of the insured’s claim payout but is now solely responsible for all future premium payments. Our company functions as this intermediary. The process of acquiring a life insurance policy in the secondary market is highly regulated and policyholder friendly. Unique licenses are mandatory to operate, and significant consumer protection disclosures are required to be made available to policyholders. We originate these policies through three distinct channels (i.e., financial advisors / agents, and traditional life settlements intermediaries). We first screen each policy to ensure it is eligible for a life settlement, including verifying the policy is in force, obtaining appropriate consents, providing disclosures, and submitting cases for medical underwriting and life expectancy estimates. In connection with this process, we use our proprietary analytics and systems to determine an estimated market value for each individual policy. The Company has established policies and guidelines with respect to its purchase of life insurance policies. For the underlying life insurance policies, these guidelines focus on (i) the age of the insured, (ii) the sex and health of the insured, (iii) the duration of the policy, (iv) mortality risk and life expectancy of the insured, (v) the type of the underlying life insurance policy, (vi) the projected internal rate of return of the investment, and (vii) the amount of the death benefit after accounting for the cost of making continued premium payments. We exclude considering certain types of primary health impairments associated with the underlying insured to ensure that all policies are purchased in accordance with established industry practice and state law requirements. These guidelines are designed to target life insurance policies that the Company believes will generate attractive risk adjusted returns. Following the origination, underwriting and valuation processes, we formally present our proposed purchase price to the policyholder or advisor. If agreed upon, the settlement closing process begins. Appropriate closing documents are reviewed by our counsel, and we send funds to an independent escrow agent. Simultaneously, change of ownership and beneficiary documentation is sent to the underlying insurance carrier. Once the carrier confirms the changes, the escrow agent sends the life settlement proceeds to the appropriate party, and we become responsible for the underlying insurance policy (i.e., paying premiums and receiving death benefit claim proceeds). The proceeds paid by the escrow agent will also include the commission(s) we owe to the broker and / or agent as well as our fee for completing the origination services. While the transaction is deemed closed, it is important to note that the policy owner may generally rescind the life settlement contract within 30 days from execution of the agreement or 15 days from the receipt of cash proceeds by the owner. As such, revenue is not recorded until this rescission period is over. Once the transaction is closed, the policy enters our active portfolio management process whereby we determine whether a policy should be sold to a institutional investor or held on our balance sheet. In certain cases, we identify a purchaser prior to the close of a transaction, in which case the policy is transferred directly to the purchaser at closing using our life settlement closing services. Proprietary Technology Platforms Support Our Business We have and continue to develop a comprehensive suite of technology products that helps drive origination, underwriting and trading. Specifically, we have created: 7 Table of Contents • Risk Rating Heat Map —Using the large amount of data we have gathered over time, we have developed a proprietary platform that measures the risk of life insurance contracts on a range from 1–5 (low–high risk, respectively). This risk score is calculated on a wide range of factors, including (i) duration and extension risk, (ii) policy face value and purchase type, (iii) policy type, (iv) carrier rating, (v) life expectancy (“LE”) and LE extension ratios, (vi) age and age on LE date and (vii) survival probability. We believe this platform is a key differentiating factor relative to our competitors as it gives us a meaningful advantage when valuing and purchasing life insurance policies. • Policy Value Calculator —Our “Policy Value Calculator” drives origination by using proprietary data to instantly value policies for both individuals and financial advisors. This online tool only requires four pieces of information: (i) gender, (ii) age, (iii) face value and (iv) policy type. These data points then generate a valuation range that advisors and individuals can use to quickly assess the current value of their policy. Active Portfolio Management Strategy With meaningful support from our proprietary risk rating heat map, we consistently evaluate policies (at origination and throughout the lifecycle) to generate essentially uncorrelated risk adjusted returns. Upon acquiring a policy, we have the option to either (i) trade that policy to a institutional investor (i.e., generating a spread on each trade) or (ii) hold that policy on our balance sheet until maturity (i.e., paying the premiums over time and receiving the final claim / payout). This process is predicated on driving the best economics for Abacus. • Traded Portfolio —Our traded portfolio returns are driven by (i) the spread we generate by selling policies to institutional investors and (ii) our ability to quickly recycle capital. Our trade spreads average above cost basis depending on the contract and we recycle our capital annually. These two metrics are driven by our ability to effectively originate new policies (supply) and the underlying market interest for the policies (demand). • Hold Portfolio —Relative to our traded portfolio, our hold portfolio has the potential to generate a higher estimated annual return than our traded portfolio but requires approximately a 3 to 4 times greater capital investment, which is driven by the need to hold policies, rather than recycle the policies in trading, and to fund premium payments during the holding period for a policy. To the extent that we are not able to commit the required capital, we then focus efforts more on our traded portfolio. Our origination platform and proprietary risk rating heat map has allowed us to hold only what we determine to be the highest quality policies which have our lowest risk ratings. In October 2025, the Company completed a $50 million securitized note backed by life insurance assets, establishing a repeatable, funding mechanism while retaining servicing rights and generating ongoing revenue. Policy Servicing In addition to generating economics on the policies we directly originate and actively manage, we have a dynamic platform to service bundles of policies for a variety of institutions. We have experience servicing a large number of policies for highly sophisticated institutions, including policies for large asset managers. Beyond our fees, servicing policies at scale supports our data analytics and keeps us at the heart of the life settlements industry. We have a sophisticated team of professionals solely focused on servicing these policies. As the Company expands its securitization activities, the servicing platform is expected to generate additional recurring revenue, as the Company retains servicing rights on securitized assets sold to institutional investors. Prospects for Future Growth Continued Maturation of the Life Settlements Industry 8 Table of Contents As described above, there is approximately $200 billion in life insurance policy death benefit value that lapses on an annual basis. However, the life settlements industry captured only approximately 2% of the potential market in 2024, which leaves significant runway for future growth for industry participants. The total face value of life insurance policies is expected to grow from approximately $6 billion in 2022 to approximately $8 billion in 2028, which is a 5% compounded annual growth rate. Given our position at the heart of the life settlements industry, we believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on this anticipated market growth. Focus on Growing the Origination Process Our ability to originate policies is essential to scale our business over time. In order to support this expected growth, we continue to invest in our technology and marketing infrastructure. In general, we expect our efforts will continue to focus on driving education and awareness of life settlements. In order to meet this growing demand, we have increased our total employee headcount. The acquisition of AccuQuote further expands our origination capabilities by adding a premier digital life insurance distribution platform that connects insurance solutions to broader wealth strategies, enabling the Company to serve clients across the entire lifecycle of their financial needs. Continued Innovation in Technology Using technology to improve our analytics, market liquidity and velocity of capital use is a key priority. Certain key technology elements are: • Analytics (Abacus Analytics) —the standard pricing and valuation platform for policy valuation and portfolio assessment that we believe will allow us to obtain visibility into every transaction in the industry. • Liquidity (Longevity Market Assets) —tertiary trading, servicing and valuation platform (added direct purchase in 2023). Abacusmarketplace.com is a proprietary technology platform that has been designed in order to facilitate tertiary trading, servicing and valuation for the life settlement industry. This platform is intended to increase the trading volume for the entire industry by removing intermediaries and improving the efficiency and security of the transactions. Access to Capital Markets Provides More Attractive Financing We believe that as a publicly traded company listed on the NYSE, we have access to a lower cost of capital, which will optimize our per policy revenue and allow us to fund additional investment in infrastructure. In September 2025, the Company was added to the Russell 2000® and Russell 3000® Indexes, broadening our visibility with institutional investors. Our NYSE listing is further enhanced by Citadel Securities serving as our Designated Market Maker (“DMM”). Additionally, as discussed in more detail below, access to additional capital will enable us to increase our balance sheet hold portfolio, which we believe may drive higher returns. Transitioning Our Business Model as Our Capital Base Scales As our capital base scales, we have the ability to increase the proportion of policies that we hold on our balance sheet. One of the most obvious benefits to a larger hold portfolio is that it may increase the predictability of returns (i.e., held policies typically increase in value over time, largely independent of trading market conditions). Additionally, with a larger hold portfolio, there is a unique opportunity to begin securitizing policies. In October 2025, we completed our first $50 million securitized note backed by life insurance assets, establishing a template for future transactions. We expect securitized products to become a consistent component of our funding strategy, alongside sales to and managed funds. In the , we believe securitized portfolios can drive an even lower cost of capital and can be sold in scale to third parties at a significant multiple. Scaling Asset Management and Earnings 9 Table of Contents The Company is focused on transitioning toward a more durable, recurring revenue model through the growth of its asset management platform. With the December 2024 acquisitions of Carlisle and FCF Advisors and the January 2026 launch of the ABF strategy, the Company has meaningfully expanded its investment offerings and distribution capabilities. The ABF strategy represents a natural extension of the Company’s platform, deploying capital into lending and structured credit opportunities that leverage the Company’s actuarial expertise and insurance infrastructure in a market estimated at more than $20 trillion. In November 2025, the Board of Directors approved an annual cash dividend of $0.20 per share and a $10 million share repurchase program, reflecting confidence in the Company’s business model, recurring earnings, and capital strength. Competition We compete with numerous life insurance settlement originators, servicers, and investors, alternative asset managers, wealth advisors, and mortality verification companies. Our primary competitors in each of our business lines differ significantly from those in our other business lines principally because few companies compete against us in all business segments in which we operate. Competition is high in all our business lines, in particular life insurance settlement origination where our competitors have invested significantly in marketing and acquisitions. The risks associated with our competitors are further discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. Our Employees As of December 31, 2025, we had 326 employees, none of whom are subject to any collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. We have 25 employees based outside of the United States. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our employee relations to be good. We believe that our employees are critical to our success. Nearly 80% of our employees are shareholders, reflecting an ownership mentality that drives company performance. Intellectual Property Our business depends, in part, on our ability to develop and maintain the proprietary aspects of its core technology. We rely on trademarks to protect our intellectual property. We have been issued federal registrations for our “Abacus Settlements,” “Abacus Life,” and “Abacus Global Management” trademarks. We also hold various domain names for websites that we use in our business. Additionally, we have developed and maintain proprietary software for our internal use to aid in pricing, valuation and risk analysis of life settlement policies. Regulatory Overview We are subject to various laws, regulations and licensing requirements in the United States which may expose us to liability, increase costs or have other adverse effects that could harm our business. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, data privacy and data localization, healthcare, insurance, copyright or similar laws, , consumer protection, employment and taxation. Compliance with such laws can require changes to our business practices and significant management time and effort. Additionally, as we continue to develop and improve products and services, and as those offerings grow in popularity, the risk that additional laws and regulations will impact our business will continue to increase. We believe that we are in material compliance with all such laws, regulations and licensing requirements. Insurance Laws and Regulations We operate as a life settlement provider in 49 states. We have a strong track record with each state in which we are licensed and have not had any reportable incidents. Our counsel and compliance staff reviews every life insurance policy we consider acquiring for compliance with applicable state regulations. We file an annual report with each state in which we operate and each state has the ability to request an audit at its 10 Table of Contents discretion. Currently, 46 states have regulations that support the sale of life insurance policies to a third party, like our Company. Each state also has its own policyholder-facing consumer protection disclosure requirements that we comply with in the ordinary course of our business. We focus on acquiring and trading , life insurance policies. These life insurance policies are deemed to be personal property of the owner based upon the Supreme Court decision Grigsby v. Russell in 1911. Furthermore, , life insurance policies are not deemed to be securities under the federal securities laws, and so the Company is not required to register as an investment adviser or an investment company under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended or the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, respectively. We operate a limited purpose broker dealer, which we intend to license to engage in transactions for variable and fractionalized life insurance policies. We expect that any transactions in variable or fractionalized life insurance policies will represent less than 20% of the total number of life insurance policies held by the Company at any time. The Company does not, and does not in the future intend to, engage in any life insurance securitization. Data Privacy Laws and Regulations Because we receive, use, transmit, disclose and store personal data, we are subject to numerous state and federal laws and regulations that address privacy, data protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure and protection of certain types of data. We are subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (“TCPA”) which restricts the making of telemarketing calls and the use of automatic telephone dialing systems. Violators of the TCPA face regulatory enforcement action, substantial civil penalties, injunctions, and in some states, private lawsuits for damages. Privacy and data security regulation in the U.S. is rapidly evolving. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which came into force in 2020 and was later expanded by a 2023 amendment and subsequent implementing regulations (including regulations effective January 1, 2026, related to security risk assessments, privacy risk assessments, and automated decision making technologies). As of January 1, 2026, 18 other states (Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia) have also passed substantially similar laws to the CCPA, hereafter referred to as comprehensive consumer privacy laws. These comprehensive consumer privacy laws provide individuals with rights to request access, correction and deletion of their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, processing activities, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used and shared. Individuals also may be required to consent to certain processing activities, such as activities with sensitive categories of personal information in certain circumstances. They also include notice obligations when using personal data for training on large language models, and additional obligations to perform various types of personal information processing assessments, both related to general privacy risks to individuals, but also security risks and risks unique to artificial intelligence or automated decision making technologies. The CCPA creates a specialist enforcement agency known as the California Privacy Protection Agency or “CPPA” that has independent authority to enforce the requirements of the CCPA. The CCPA’s and other comprehensive consumer privacy laws provide for an right with respect to any restrictions on “sales” of personal information may restrict our use of cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes, to the extent that individuals exercise their rights, as well as increasing our compliance costs and potential liability. Notably, private litigation associated with state wiretapping laws, such as CIPA (in California) in addition to substantially similar wiretapping laws in other states, have been a major risk factor related to the use of website tracking technologies. The CCPA excludes information covered by the Act, the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the California Financial Information Privacy Act from the CCPA’s scope, but the CCPA’s definition of “personal information” is broad and may encompass other information that we maintain, such as personnel information and business to business (b2b) data. Notably, other consumer privacy 11 Table of Contents laws generally exempt b2b data and personnel information. While other comprehensive consumer privacy laws generally maintained an entity level exemption for entities that are a “financial institution” under the GLBA, more states are amending their laws to narrow this exemption to just the information covered by the GLBA in line with the CCPA. These states include Connecticut, Minnesota, Oregon, and Montana, with others potentially joining that list in the coming years. In addition to the comprehensive consumer privacy laws, some states have passed specialized privacy laws that focus on specific elements of personal information. For example, Washington has passed the “My Health My Data Act” that provides a similar set of consumer privacy protections to those in the comprehensive consumer privacy laws, but focused on sensitive categories of personal information such as health information. Other laws in this category include the Illinois Biometric Privacy Act and the analogous laws protecting biometrics in Texas and Washington. To the extent that we process biometrics, health, or other sensitive categories of personal information, we may be exposed to legal risk and additional consent and compliance obligations. Various regulators are interpreting existing state consumer protection laws to impose evolving standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of other personal data. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal information and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. Our failure to comply with these privacy laws or regulations could expose us to significant fines and penalties imposed by regulators and has in the past and could in the future expose us to legal claims by buyers of life insurance policies from us, or other relevant stakeholders. Some of these laws, such as the CCPA, permit individual or class action claims for certain alleged violations related to data breaches and reasonable security obligations, increasing the likelihood of such legal claims. Additionally, the CPPA is directly funded in part through the penalties it assesses during enforcement actions, raising the incentive and potential for enforcement activity in California. Similarly, many of these laws require us to maintain an online privacy policy, terms of service and other informational pages that disclose our practices regarding the collection, processing and disclosure of personal information. If these disclosures contain any information that a court or regulator finds to be inaccurate, we could also be exposed to legal or regulatory liability. Any such proceedings or violations could force us to spend money in defense or settlement of these proceedings, result in the imposition of monetary liability or demanding injunctive relief, divert management’s time and attention, increase our costs of doing business and materially adversely affect our reputation. Regulated Entities Outside of the U.S. Carlisle and the funds it manages are licensed and have authorizations to operate in Luxembourg. These licenses and authorizations relate to providing investment management, administration of funds, marketing of the funds, and other regulated activities. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. The risks associated with our regulated entities outside of the U.S. are further discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors. Securityholder Reports The Company is subject to the periodic and other reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of annual, quarterly, and other reports, and amendments to those reports, with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any and all amendments thereto are available free of charge through our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Our investor relations website address is https://ir.abacusgm.com. The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated into this report or any other filing the Company makes with the SEC. These materials are also accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 12 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors The following discussion of “Risk Factors” identifies factors that we believe could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance and trading in our securities. This information should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The following discussion of risks is not but is designed to highlight what we believe are the material factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. References to past events and risks are provided as examples only and are not intended to be a complete listing or representation as to whether any such risk factor presented has occurred in the past or the likelihood of it occurring in the future. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in statements. Risk Factors Summary Risks Related to our Business • The Company’s valuation of life insurance policies is uncertain as many life insurance policies’ values are tied to their actual maturity date and any erroneous valuations could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. • The Company could fail to accurately forecast life expectancies. There may also be changes to life expectancies generally, or from improvements in health care treatments, resulting from people living longer in the future, which could result in a lower return on the Company’s life settlement policies. • The Company’s policy acquisitions are limited by the market availability of life insurance policies that meet the Company’s eligibility criteria and purchase parameters, and failure to secure a sufficient number of quality life insurance policies could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. • The Company may experience increased competition from originating life insurance companies, life insurance brokers, and investment funds which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. • Historically, there has been a negative public perception of the life settlement industry that could affect the value and/or liquidity of the Company’s investments and the life settlement industry faces political opposition from life insurance companies. • The Company, or third parties on which it relies, could fail to accurately evaluate, acquire, maintain, track, or collect on life settlement policies, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s revenues. • There is a risk of fraud in the origination of the original life insurance policy or in subsequent sales of the life insurance policy that could adversely affect the Company’s investment returns which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. • The Company may become subject to claims by life insurance companies, individuals and their families, or regulatory authorities which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. • The Company faces privacy and cyber security risks related to its maintenance of proprietary information, including information regarding life settlement policies and the related insureds, and any adverse impact related to such risks could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. 13 Table of Contents • The failure of the Company to accurately and timely track and pay premium payments on the life insurance policies it holds could result in the lapse of such policies which would have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. • The life insurance company that has issued a life insurance policy we own may increase the cost of insurance premiums, which would adversely affect the Company’s investment returns. • The Company may not be able to liquidate its life insurance policies, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. • The Company bears the credit risk associated with life insurance companies and may not be able to realize the full value of insurance company payouts on life insurance policies we own when they mature, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s profits. • The Company’s success depends on the services of its experienced management and talented employees. If the Company is unable to retain management and/or key employees, its ability to compete could be harmed. • The Company’s intellectual property rights may not adequately protect the Company’s business. • Outstanding and future indebtedness could adversely affect the Company’s financial and operational flexibility. • Failure to maintain adequate financial, information technology and management processes and controls could result in material weaknesses and lead to errors in our financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business as a public company. • The Company’s ability to timely raise capital in the future may be limited, or may be unavailable on acceptable terms, if at all. A failure to raise capital when needed could harm the Company’s business, operating results and financial condition. Debt issued to raise additional capital may reduce the cash flow available to make required payments with respect to the notes and affect our ability to execute our investment strategy or impact the value of the Company’s investments. • The Company’s use of different estimates and assumptions in the application of its accounting policies could result in material changes to its reported financial condition and results of operations, and changes in accounting standards or their interpretation could significantly impact its reported results of operations. • The Company’s international operations pose additional risks that may adversely impact our financial results and operations. • Because a portion of the Company’s business is conducted in currency other than U.S. dollar, the Company has foreign currency risk. • Litigation and other claims and liabilities have arisen and may arise with respect to the acquisitions that we consummate or the businesses acquired, including our recently completed acquisitions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. • Events and circumstances outside of the Company’s control may disrupt the ability of the Company and its providers to originate life settlement policies, or to generate such policies on acceptable terms, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial position. Risks Related to the Regulatory and Legal Environment • Life settlements in which we invest are not currently regulated under the federal securities laws, but if deemed to be securities would require further compliance with federal and state securities laws, 14 Table of Contents which could result in significant additional regulatory burdens on the Company, and limit the Company’s investments, which would materially impact the Company’s ability to conduct its business. • The Company may be subject to certain U.S. state securities laws, and failure to comply with applicable requirements may result in fines, sanctions and rescission of purchase or sale transactions. • The Company could in the future be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or could have to substantively change its business model to fit within an applicable exemption from such registration requirement. • The Company is subject to U.S. privacy laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. • There have been lawsuits in various states questioning whether a purchaser of a life insurance policy has the requisite “insurable interest” in the policy which would permit the purchaser to collect the insurance benefits and an adverse finding in any of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. • Changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation could negatively impact our cash flows and results of operations. • The Company’s business may be subject to additional or different government regulation in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • Our stock repurchase program may not enhance stockholder value and could increase the volatility of the market price of our common stock and diminish our cash. • Our Board has broad discretion to issue additional securities, and to raise sufficient funds to expand our operations, we may have to issue securities at prices which may result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. • If we issue additional debt securities, our operations may be restricted, we will be exposed to additional risk and the market price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. • If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Common Stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. • The trading price of our Common Stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. • Investing in our Common Stock may involve a significant degree of risk. Risks Related to our Business The Company’s valuation of life insurance policies is uncertain as many life insurance policies’ values are tied to their actual maturity date and any erroneous valuations could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The valuation of life insurance policies involves inherent uncertainty (including, without limitation, the life expectancies of insureds and future increases in premium costs to keep the policies in force). The Company utilizes a multitude of inputs to determine the fair value of the policies it holds. The Company uses its own underwriting practices, origination protocols, and proprietary technology. There is no guarantee that the value determined with respect to a particular life settlement policy by the Company will represent the value that will 15 Table of Contents be realized by the Company on the eventual disposition of the related investment or that would, in fact, be realized upon an immediate disposition of the investment. In addition, there can be no guarantee that such valuation accurately reflects the current present value of such life insurance policy at its actual maturity. Uncertainties as to the valuation of life insurance policies held by the Company could require adjustments to reported net asset values and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. Uncertainties as to the valuation may also result in the Company being less competitive in the market for originating new life settlement policies and could adversely affect the profits the Company realizes on life settlements purchased and sold. The Company could fail to accurately forecast life expectancies. There may also be changes to life expectancies generally, or from improvements in health care treatments, resulting from people living longer in the future, which could result in a lower return on the Company’s life settlement policies. Prices for life insurance policies and annuities that may be obtained by the Company depend, in large measure, upon the life expectancy of the underlying insureds. To date the Company has not acquired annuities. The Company will disclose material annuity balances and activities in the consolidated financial statements. The investment returns on the policies held by the Company’s portfolio depends almost entirely on the accuracy of the Company’s expectation for that insured’s mortality when the Company purchases a life insurance policy, as well as during the period that the Company owns a life insurance policy. Life expectancies are estimates of the expected longevity or mortality of an insured. In determining the life expectancy of an insured, the Company relies on medical underwriting conducted by various medical underwriting firms. The medical underwriting process underlying life expectancy estimates is highly subjective, and mortality and longevity estimates are inherently uncertain. In addition, there can be no assurance that the applicable medical underwriting firm received accurate or complete information regarding the health of an insured under a life insurance policy, or that such insured’s health has not changed since the information was received. Different medical underwriting firms use different methods and may arrive at materially different mortality estimates for the same individual based on the same information, thus causing a life insurance policy’s value to vary. Moreover, as methods of calculating mortality estimates change over time, a mortality estimate prepared by any medical underwriting firm in connection with the acquisition of a life insurance policy may be different from a mortality estimate prepared by the same person at a later time. The valuation of the life insurance policies will vary depending on the dates of the related mortality estimates and the medical underwriting firms that provide the supporting information. Other factors, including, but not limited to, better access to health care, better adherence to medical treatment plans, improved health care treatments and access to health care, improved nutritional habits, improved lifestyle, an improved economic environment and a higher standard of living could also lead to increases in the longevity of the insureds under the life insurance policies. In addition to other factors affecting the accuracy of life expectancy estimates, improvements in medicine, disease treatment, pharmaceuticals and other medical and health services may enable insureds to live longer. The actual longevity of an insured may be materially different than the predicted mortality estimate. If the actual maturity date of life insurance policies are longer than projected, it would delay when the Company could expect to receive a return on its investment and the Company may be unable to meet its investment objectives and goals. The medical underwriting and other firms that provide information for the Company’s forecasts of life expectancies are generally not regulated by the U.S. federal or state governments, with the exception of the states of Florida and Texas, which require life expectancy providers to register with their respective insurance regulatory authority. There can be no assurance that this business will not become more broadly regulated and, if so, that any such regulation would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to establish appropriate life expectancies in connection with the purchase or sale of policies. 16 Table of Contents The Company’s policy acquisitions are limited by the market availability of life insurance policies that meet the Company’s eligibility criteria and purchase parameters, and failure to secure a sufficient number of quality life insurance policies could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. The life insurance policy secondary market has grown substantially in the past several years; however, its future development is uncertain. There are a limited number of life insurance policies available in the market from time to time. As more investment funds flow into the life settlement market for acquiring life insurance policies, margins may be squeezed and the value of the life settlement assets may become comparatively more expensive to purchase or subject to greater competition on the purchase side. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to source life insurance policies directly from insureds in the secondary market or that tertiary market life insurance policies will be available to the Company on satisfactory or competitive terms that would be acceptable to it. The supply of life insurance policies available in the life settlement market may be reduced by, among other things: (i) improvement in the economy, resulting in higher investment returns to insureds and other owners of life insurance policies from their investment portfolios; (ii) improvements in health insurance coverage, limiting the need of insureds to obtain funds to pay the cost of their medical treatment by selling their life insurance policies; (iii) the entry into the market of less reputable brokers who submit inaccurate or false life insurance policy information to the Company; (iv) the establishment of new licensing requirements for market participants and a delay in complying or an inability to comply with such new requirements; or (v) refusal of the carrier that issued a life insurance policy to consent to its transfer. A change in the availability of life insurance policies in the life settlement market could adversely affect the Company’s ability to execute its strategy and meet its objectives. The Company may experience increased competition from originating life insurance companies, life insurance brokers, and investment funds which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. Some life insurance companies have begun offering to repurchase their own life insurance policies from their policyholders by offering “enhanced cash surrender value payments” above the amount of the net cash surrender value provided under the life insurance contracts’ terms and thus compete directly with the Company and other life settlement providers. The life settlements industry has challenged the legal validity of the life insurance companies’ actions, and some state insurance regulators have declared that these repurchase offers are unlawful while other state insurance regulators have approved them. To the extent that life insurance companies can seek to repurchase their own life insurance policies, they present competition to the Company in acquiring policies. In addition, the Company is subject to significant competition from other life settlement providers and investment funds for the purchase of life settlement policies. Increased competition for life settlement policies may result in the Company being unable to access the number and quality of life settlement policies that it desires for its business at prices that it deems acceptable. Historically, there has been a negative public perception of the life settlement industry that could affect the value and/or liquidity of the Company’s investments and the life settlement industry faces political opposition from life insurance companies. Many regulators, lawmakers and other governmental authorities, as well as many life insurance companies and life insurance industry organizations, are hostile to, or otherwise concerned about, certain aspects of the asset markets that underlie the life settlement industry. The life settlement industry and some of its participants have been, and may continue to be, portrayed negatively in a number of widely read publications and other forms of media. These opponents regularly contend that life settlement transactions are contrary to public policy by promoting financial speculation on human life and often involve elements of fraud and other wrongdoing. Past efforts, including activities of life insurance carrier trade associations, have sought to ban life settlement securitization. While such efforts have historically been unsuccessful, any such future efforts could have the effect of severely limiting or potentially prohibiting the continued operation of 17 Table of Contents the Company’s life settlement purchasing operations. Continued public opposition to the life settlement industry, as well as actual or alleged wrongdoing by participants in the industry, could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its investors, including on the value and/or liquidity of the Company’s investments, or in shaping public opinion about the life settlement industry. The Company, or third parties on which it relies, could fail to accurately evaluate, acquire, maintain, track, or collect on life settlement policies, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s revenues. The Company utilizes certain third party data for tracking and servicing its life settlement policies. This includes the origination and servicing of life settlement policies by the servicing and tracking agent, market counterparties and other service providers, and the Company may not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of such data and systems. Failures in the systems employed by the Company and other service providers, counterparties, and other parties could result in mistakes made in the evaluation, acquisition, maintenance, tracking and collection of life settlement policies and other investments. This could result in the Company overpaying for life settlement policies it acquires or underpricing life settlement policies it sells. In addition, disruptions in the Company’s operations as a result of a failure in a third party system may cause the Company to suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of its business, liability to , regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing failures or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Company. There is a risk of fraud in the origination of the original life insurance policy or in subsequent sales of the life insurance policy that could adversely affect the Company’s investment returns which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The Company faces the risk that an original owner of a life insurance policy, the related insured, the insurance agent involved in the issuance of such life insurance policy, or other party may have committed fraud, or misstated or failed to provide material information in connection with the origination or subsequent sale of that life insurance policy. While present law provides that most life insurance policies may not be challenged for fraud after the end of the contestability period, there may be situations where such fraud in connection with the issuance of a life insurance policy may survive its contestability period. If an issuing insurance company successfully challenges a life insurance policy acquired by the Company on the grounds of fraud, the Company may lose its entire investment in that life insurance policy. Furthermore, if the age of an insured was misstated, the Company may receive lower death benefits than expected. In addition, there may be information directly relevant to the value of a life insurance policy, including, but not limited to, information relating to the insured’s medical condition, to which the Company will not have access. It is not possible to verify the accuracy or completeness of each piece of information or the completeness of the overall information supplied at the origination of an insurance policy. Any such misstatement or omission could cause the Company to rely on assumptions which turn out to be inaccurate. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the seller of a life insurance policy in the tertiary market properly acquired that policy from the former owner, or that a former beneficiary or other interested party will not attempt to challenge the validity of the transfer. The occurrence of any one or more of these factors could adversely affect the Company’s performance and investment returns. The Company may become subject to claims by life insurance companies, individuals and their families, or regulatory authorities which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The secondary market for life insurance policies has been subjected to allegations of fraud and misconduct as reflected in certain litigated cases. Some of these cases, some of which have been brought by regulatory authorities, involve allegations of fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, bid rigging, of material facts and associated misconduct in life settlement transactions. Cases have also been brought by the life insurance companies that challenge the legality of the original issuance of the life insurance policies based on lack of insurable interest, fraud and misrepresentation. 18 Table of Contents Further, both U.S. federal and state statutes safeguard an insured’s personal health information. In addition, insureds frequently have an expectation of confidentiality even if they are not legally entitled to it. Even if the Company properly obtains and uses otherwise personal health information, but fails to maintain the confidentiality of such information, the Company may be the subject of complaints from the affected individuals, their families and relatives and, potentially, interested regulatory authorities. It is also possible that, due to a misunderstanding regarding the scope of consents that a transaction party possesses, the Company may request and receive from health care providers, information that it in fact did not have a right to request or receive. If the Company finds itself to be the recipient of complaints for these acts, it is not possible to predict what the results will be. This uncertainty also increases the likelihood that a transaction party may sell, or cause to be sold, life insurance policies in violation of applicable law, which could potentially result in additional costs related to defending claims or enduring regulatory inquiries, rescinding such transactions, possible legal damages and penalties and probable reduced market value of the affected life insurance policies. Each of the foregoing factors may delay or reduce the return on the policies and adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company faces privacy and cyber security risks related to its maintenance of proprietary information, including information regarding life settlement policies and the related insureds, and any adverse impact related to such risks could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. The Company relies on data processing systems, including data processing systems of third parties, to price and close transactions, to evaluate investments, to monitor its portfolio and capital, and to generate risk management and other reports that are critical to oversight of the Company’s activities. Further, the Company relies on information systems to store sensitive information about the Company, its affiliates, and its investments, including life settlement policies and information about the related insured individuals and others. While the Company is not aware of any material security breaches or proceedings related to the processing of the Company’s information or those systems utilized by it, the loss or misappropriation of information, improper access or an ability to access information or systems, or the use or disclosure of the Company’s proprietary information could adversely impact the Company. For example, the Company could suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of its business, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Additionally, the Company collects information related to life insurance, including nonpublic personal information (“NPI”) and protected health information (“PHI”), and information from its website, such as contact information and policy information. The Company also collects information from its employees, such as standard HR information, and business contact information from third party employees. The Company shares information with its service providers and has entered into and business association agreements, where appropriate. Although the Company has, and believes that each service provider has, procedures and systems in place that it believes are reasonably designed to protect such information and prevent data loss and security breaches, such measures cannot guarantee absolute security. Furthermore, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, demonstrate increasing sophistication and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. For example, hardware or software acquired from third parties may contain defects in design or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Network connected services provided by third parties to the Company may be susceptible to compromise, leading to a breach of the Company’s network and/or business interruptions. The Company’s systems or facilities may be susceptible to employee error or malfeasance, surveillance by hostile threat actors, or other security threats. The failure of the Company to accurately and timely track and pay premium payments on the life insurance policies it holds could result in the lapse of such policies which would have a mat

[truncated]