Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 66 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 68 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 145 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 145 Item 9B. Other Information 146 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 147 Item 11. Executive Compensation 147 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 147 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 147 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 147 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 148 3 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING INFORMATION This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the exhibits being filed as part of this report, as well as other statements made by Aptiv PLC (“Aptiv,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our”), contain statements that reflect, when made, the Company’s current views with respect to current events, certain investments and acquisitions and financial performance. Such statements are subject to many risks, uncertainties and factors relating to the Company’s operations and business environment, which may cause the actual results of the Company to be materially different from any future results, express or implied, by such statements. All statements that address future operating, financial or business performance or the Company’s strategies or expectations are statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by words such as “may,” “might,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “potential,” “outlook” or “continue,” and other comparable terminology. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements include, but are not limited to, the following: global and regional economic conditions, including conditions affecting the credit market; global inflationary pressures; uncertainties created by the conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and its impacts to the European and global economies and our operations in each country; uncertainties created by the conflicts in the Middle East and their impacts on global economies; fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; the cyclical nature of global automotive sales and production; the potential disruptions in the supply of and changes in the competitive environment for raw material and other components integral to the Company’s products, including the ongoing semiconductor supply shortage; the Company’s ability to maintain contracts that are critical to its operations; potential changes to beneficial free trade laws and regulations, such as the United Agreement; the effects of significant increases in trade tariffs, import quotas and other trade restrictions or actions, including retaliatory responses to such actions; changes to tax laws; future significant public health crises; the ability of the Company to integrate and realize the expected benefits of recent transactions; the ability of the Company to attract, motivate and/or retain key executives; the ability of the Company to avoid or continue to operate during a strike, or partial work stoppage or slow down by any of its unionized employees or those of its principal customers; and the ability of the Company to attract and retain customers. Additional factors are discussed under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect the Company. It should be remembered that the price of the ordinary shares and any income from them can go down as well as up. Aptiv disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events and/or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS In December 2024, Old Aptiv (as defined below), a public limited company formed under the laws of Jersey on May 19, 2011, completed its previously announced reorganization transaction (the “Transaction,” or the “reorganization transaction”), in which Old Aptiv established a new Jersey parent company, Aptiv Holdings Limited (“New Aptiv”), which is resident for tax purposes in Switzerland. As a result of the Transaction, all issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Old Aptiv were exchanged on a basis for newly issued ordinary shares of New Aptiv. Following consummation of the Transaction, holders of Old Aptiv shares became ordinary shareholders of New Aptiv, Old Aptiv became a subsidiary of New Aptiv and New Aptiv was renamed “Aptiv PLC.” The previous Jersey parent company, which was an Irish tax resident, is referred to as “Old Aptiv” throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. New Aptiv’s ordinary shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “APTV,” the same symbol under which the Old Aptiv shares were previously listed. Aptiv PLC remains a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey, and continues to be subject to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reporting requirements. In December 2024, following the completion of the Transaction, Old Aptiv merged with and into Aptiv Swiss Holdings Limited (“Aptiv Swiss Holdings”), a newly formed Jersey incorporated private limited company, and a direct, subsidiary of New Aptiv, with Aptiv Swiss Holdings surviving as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of New Aptiv, and Old Aptiv ceasing to exist. Except as otherwise noted, all property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Old Aptiv vested in Aptiv Swiss Holdings, and all debts, liabilities and duties of Old Aptiv became debts, liabilities and duties of Aptiv Swiss Holdings. In connection with the Transaction, New Aptiv assumed Old Aptiv’s incentive plans and its existing obligations in connection with awards granted thereunder, and Aptiv Swiss Holdings (i) entered into a supplemental indenture to each indenture in which Aptiv Swiss Holdings assumed all of Old Aptiv’s obligations under each series of Old Aptiv’s outstanding Notes and (ii) entered into an assumption and/or supplement agreement relating to the Credit Agreement in which New Aptiv assumed all of Old Aptiv’s obligations under the Credit Agreement as the “parent entity” thereunder. In addition, New Aptiv (i) entered into a supplemental indenture to each indenture in which New Aptiv guaranteed the outstanding Notes and (ii) entered into a guarantee joinder relating to the Credit Agreement in which New Aptiv guaranteed the obligations under the Credit Agreement. Following the reorganization transaction, Aptiv Swiss Holdings (i) replaced Old Aptiv as a guarantor of the borrowers’ obligations under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) succeeded to Old Aptiv as an obligor under the senior notes and the junior notes, and New Aptiv became a guarantor under the Credit Agreement (and will act as the “parent entity” thereunder) and the indentures. As a result of the Transaction described above, there were no material changes in Aptiv PLC’s operations or governance. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the exhibits being filed as part of this report, to “Aptiv PLC,” “Aptiv,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refers to Old Aptiv (Aptiv PLC before the Transaction in December 2024) and to New Aptiv (Aptiv PLC after the Transaction in December 2024). On January 22, 2025, we announced our intention to pursue a separation of our Electrical Distribution Systems business into a new, independent publicly traded company, through a transaction expected to be treated as a to its shareholders (the “Separation”). The Company plans to complete the Separation by April 1, 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. The new publicly traded Electrical Distributions Systems company will be named Versigent, and will trade on the NYSE under the symbol “VGNT” following the distribution date. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company incurred costs of approximately $178 million related to the Separation. These costs, which are included in selling, general and administrative expense within the consolidated statements of operations, are primarily related to professional fees associated with planning the Separation. The Company expects to continue to incur additional expenses related to the Separation through the completion of the transaction. In connection with the Separation, in the first quarter of 2025, Aptiv realigned its business into three reportable operating segments: Advanced Safety and User Experience, Engineered Components Group and Electrical Distribution Systems. Prior period amounts have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect the change in reportable operating segments, consistent with the current year presentation, throughout the audited consolidated financial statements contained herein. Commencing with the first Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of 2026, Aptiv will rename its Advanced Safety and User Experience segment to Intelligent Systems, and will rename its Engineered Components Group segment to Engineered Components. There is no impact to the composition of either segment. Aptiv is a global industrial technology company focused on enabling a more automated, electrified and digitalized future. We deliver flexible and scalable solutions that support our customers’ transition to an increasingly future. Our 5 Table of Contents technologies reach from sensor to cloud, including the hardware and software necessary to support automotive and other industries on a global basis. Our Advanced Safety and User Experience segment provides advanced software and services, intelligent sensors and compute platforms; our Engineered Components Group segment provides connection systems, interconnects, and cable management and protection solutions; and our Electrical Distribution Systems segment provides low voltage and high voltage power, signal and data distribution. We are one of the largest vehicle technology suppliers and our customers include the 25 largest automotive original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) in the world, as well as many of the leading aerospace and defense companies and global telecom operators. We operate 139 major manufacturing facilities and 11 major technical centers utilizing a regional service model that enables us to efficiently and effectively serve our global customers from best cost countries. We have a presence in 50 countries and have approximately 20,700 scientists, engineers and technicians focused on developing market relevant product solutions for our customers. We are focused on growing and improving the profitability of our businesses, and have implemented a strategy designed to position the Company to deliver shareholder returns. This strategy includes disciplined investing in our business to grow and enhance our product offerings, strategically focusing our portfolio in , spaces in order to meet consumer preferences and leveraging an cost structure to expand our operating margins. Website Access to Company’s Reports Aptiv’s website address is aptiv.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) are available free of charge through ir.aptiv.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Our Company We believe that key secular trends, including automation, electrification and digitalization, continue to transform the core mobility industry, while also expanding in scope to impact a broader range of end markets, including aerospace and defense, telecom and datacom, and diversified industrials. Consumer demand for intelligent and connected solutions, as well as certain government regulations, are helping transform markets and creating new opportunities for Aptiv. We have organized our business into three distinct segments, which enable us to develop technology solutions and manufacture products that enable our customers to best address these secular trends: • Advanced Safety and User Experience —This segment, which includes our Active Safety, User Experience and Smart Vehicle Compute and Software product lines, provides critical technologies and services to enhance vehicle safety, security, comfort and convenience, including intelligent sensors, compute platforms, and advanced software tools and services. • Engineered Components Group— This segment provides connection systems, interconnects, and cable management and protection solutions that optimize the distribution of power, signal, and data for applications across multiple end markets. • Electrical Distribution Systems— This segment provides a full range of low voltage and high voltage power, signal and data distribution solutions needed to deliver fully integrated, architectures. As described above, the Company is pursuing a separation of the Electrical Distribution Systems business into a new, independent publicly traded company, through a transaction expected to be treated as a to its shareholders. Refer to Results of Operations by Segment in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 22. Segment Reporting to the audited consolidated financial statements for financial information about our business segments. Our business is diversified across , regions, customers, vehicle platforms and products. Our customer base includes the 25 largest automotive OEMs in the world, and in 2025, 29% of our net sales came from the Asia Pacific region, which we have identified as a key market likely to experience substantial growth. Our ten largest platforms in 2025 were with six different OEMs. In addition, in 2025 our products were found in 18 of the 20 vehicle models in the United States (“U.S.”), 17 of the 20 vehicle models in Europe and 20 of the 20 vehicle models in China. We have established a worldwide design and manufacturing footprint with a regional service model that enables us to efficiently and effectively serve our global customers from best cost countries. This regional model is structured primarily to service the North American market from Mexico, the South American market from Brazil, the European market from Eastern Europe and North Africa, and the Asia Pacific market from China. Our global scale and regional service model enables us to engineer globally and execute regionally and to serve the largest OEMs, which are seeking suppliers that can serve them on a 6 Table of Contents worldwide basis. Our footprint also enables us to adapt to the regional design variations the global OEMs require while also serving key growth market OEMs. Our Industry The automotive technology and components industry provides critical technologies, components, systems, subsystems and modules to OEMs for the manufacture of new vehicles, as well as to the aftermarket for use as replacement parts for current production and older vehicles. In addition, the industry is increasingly progressing towards vehicles becoming critical elements of the overall automotive ecosystem. Overall, we expect growth of global vehicle sales and production in the OEM market. In 2025, the industry experienced fluctuations in global customer sales and production schedules, and generally increased inventory levels, primarily driven by various global uncertainties and global inflationary pressures. Global automotive vehicle production increased 4% from 2024 to 2025 (1% on an Aptiv weighted market basis, which represents global vehicle production weighted to the geographic regions in which the Company generates its revenue), reflecting increased vehicle production of 10% in China and 1% in South America, our smallest region, partially offset by declines of 2% in North America and 1% in Europe. Demand for automotive components in the OEM market is generally a function of the number of new vehicles produced in response to consumer demand, which is primarily driven by factors such as credit availability, interest rates, fuel prices, consumer confidence, employment and other trends. Although OEM demand is tied to actual vehicle production, participants in the automotive technology and components industry also have the opportunity to grow through increasing product content per vehicle by further penetrating business with existing customers and in existing markets, gaining new customers and increasing their presence in global markets. We believe that evolving entrants into the global transportation industry, such as mobility providers, electric vehicle developers and smart cities will provide additional markets for our advanced technologies. We believe that, as a company with a global presence and advanced technology, engineering, manufacturing and customer support capabilities, we are to benefit from these opportunities. We believe that continuously increasing societal demands have resulted in three key trends that serve as the basis for the next wave of technology advancement across multiple industries, including automotive. We aim to continue developing leading edge technology focused on addressing these trends, and apply that technology toward products with sustainable margins that enable our customers to produce distinctive products. We have identified a core portfolio of products that draw on our technical strengths and align with these trends where we believe we can provide differentiation. Automation . In the automotive industry, Automation refers to safety, comfort and convenience features. OEM customers continue to focus on improving vehicle occupant and vulnerable road user safety to meet increasingly stringent regulatory requirements in various markets. As a result, suppliers are focused on developing technologies aimed at protecting vehicle occupants when a crash occurs, with advanced driver assistance systems that reduce driver distractions, as well as automated safety features that proactively mitigate the risk of a crash occurring, such as lane departure warning and centering systems. These technologies have also expanded to include convenience features such as adaptive cruise control, traffic jam assist, and driving, which improve both safety and convenience for end consumers. Further, Automation extends into applications such as robots in manufacturing facilities, drones for commercial and defense applications and other increasing autonomous systems across diversified industrial applications. Electrification . In the automotive industry, Electrification refers to technologies designed to reduce emissions, improve fuel economy and minimize the environmental impact of vehicles, while also supporting increasing electrical and electronics content such as sensors, compute and actuators. As a result, there is a need for innovations that result in significant improvements in carbon emissions and performance. We are developing key enabling technologies in the areas of vehicle charging and vehicle power distribution and control, which are essential to the introduction of our customers’ increasingly electrified vehicle platforms. Moreover, Electrification applies well beyond the automotive industry to other increasingly electrified devices and systems, as well as the infrastructure that supports them, such as data centers and energy storage systems. Digitalization . In the automotive industry, Digitalization refers to connectivity, solutions, and the ability to evolve and improve over a vehicle’s lifecycle in response to consumer demand for greater safety, personalization, productivity and convenience features. This shift, in turn, is driving increased demand for electrical and electronic architecture as the foundation for this content. These technologies are designed to seamlessly integrate vehicles into their operating environment, while providing drivers with connectivity to consumer ecosystems, and data and insights to OEMs via (“OTA”) technology. 7 Table of Contents Across multiple industries, devices and systems themselves are becoming increasingly , with the capability to being continuously updated, while also leveraging artificial intelligence to deliver insights, transform operations and unlock value. Convergence of Automation, Electrification and Digitalization We expect the trends of automation, electrification and digitalization to create growth opportunities as they drive similar product requirements for applications across multiple industries, namely increased demand for advanced software and optimized hardware. Intelligent, solutions, such as increasingly capable automated driving technologies, offer significant societal benefits and create growth opportunities for our product offerings, including new customers such as mobility providers, telecommunications network operators and smart cities. Growth opportunities across the automotive and other industries will be driven by increased hardware and software content, greater computing power and software requirements, enhanced solutions for lifecycle management and connectivity, and continued electrification. We believe the complexity of these systems will also require ongoing software support services, as they will be continuously upgraded with new features and performance enhancements. As part of our strategy to harness the full potential of connected intelligent systems across industries, strengthen our capabilities in mobility and enable advanced smart vehicle architecture changes, we acquired Wind River Systems, Inc. (“Wind River”) in December 2022. Wind River is a global leader in delivering software for the intelligent edge for multiple industries, including automotive, by leveraging software products and solutions enabling customers to develop in the cloud, deploy OTA and run and manage software at the vehicle edge. We are also continuing to develop automated driving solutions, such as automated driving software, sensing and perception technologies enhanced through artificial intelligence and machine learning, as well as the underlying architecture technologies capable of supporting applications. We believe we are with industry technology trends that will help to support sustainable future growth in this space and have partnered with leaders in their respective fields to advance the pace of development and commercialization of these emerging technologies. In March 2020, we completed a transaction with Hyundai Motor Group (“Hyundai”) to form Motional AD LLC (“Motional”), a joint venture focused on the design, development and commercialization of autonomous driving technologies. Although we believe our strategic partnerships have us with industry technology trends in these evolving areas, the timeline necessary to produce commercially viable autonomous vehicles has been extended and is still subject to significant uncertainty, which resulted in additional funding requirements for Motional. In April 2024, Aptiv and Hyundai entered into an agreement to restructure Aptiv’s ownership interest in Motional and for Hyundai to provide additional funding to Motional, which also eliminated any requirements for additional future funding from Aptiv. These transactions, which were completed in May 2024, resulted in the reduction of our common equity interest in Motional from 50% as of December 31, 2023 to approximately 15%. In May 2025, Hyundai provided additional funding to Motional, further reducing Aptiv’s common equity interest in Motional from 15% as of March 31, 2025 to approximately 13% as of December 31, 2025. Refer to Note 5. Investments in Affiliates to the audited consolidated financial statements contained herein for further information on these transactions. Standardization of Sourcing by OEMs Many OEMs are continuing to develop vehicle platforms intended to increase standardization, reduce cost and increase capital efficiency and profitability. In addition, geopolitical tensions are also causing them to regionalize their supply chains. As a result, OEMs prefer suppliers that have the capability to manufacture products on a global basis with manufacturing and design flexibility to adapt to regional variations. Suppliers with global scale and strong design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities are best positioned to benefit from this trend. OEMs are also increasingly looking to their suppliers to simplify vehicle design and assembly processes to reduce costs. Suppliers that can provide fully engineered solutions, systems and combinations of component parts are positioned to leverage the trend toward system sourcing from global suppliers. Shorter Product Development Cycles As a result of government regulations and customer preferences, OEMs are requiring suppliers to respond faster with new designs and product innovations. While these trends are more prevalent in mature markets, certain key growth markets are advancing rapidly towards the regulatory standards and consumer preferences of the more mature markets. Suppliers with strong technologies, robust global engineering and development capabilities will be best positioned to meet OEM demands for rapid innovation. 8 Table of Contents Products Our organizational structure and management reporting support the management of these core product lines: Advanced Safety and User Experience . This segment provides critical technologies and services to enhance vehicle safety, security, comfort and convenience, including intelligent sensors, compute, advanced software for applications such as Advanced Driver Assistance Systems and User Experience, as well as tools and services. • Advanced Safety includes solutions that enable advanced safety features and vehicle automation, as well as radar, vision and other sensing technologies. • User Experience enables solutions around infotainment, driver interface and interior sensing. • Smart Vehicle Compute and Software consists of zone control and centralized compute platforms, as well as DevOps tools. Engineered Components Group . This segment provides connection systems, interconnects, and cable management and protection solutions that optimize the distribution of power, signal and data for applications across multiple end markets. Electrical Distribution Systems . This segment provides a full range of low voltage and high voltage power, signal and data distribution solutions needed to deliver fully integrated, architectures. As described above, the Company is pursuing a separation of the Electrical Distribution Systems business into a new, independent publicly traded company, through a transaction expected to be treated as a to its shareholders. Competition The automotive technology and components industry remains extremely competitive. Furthermore, the rapidly evolving nature of the markets in which we compete has attracted, and may continue to attract, new entrants, particularly in best cost countries such as China and in areas of evolving vehicle technologies such as intelligent systems software, automated driving and mobility solutions, which has attracted competitors from outside the traditional automotive industry. OEMs rigorously evaluate suppliers on the basis of product quality, price, reliability and timeliness of delivery, product design capability, technical expertise and development capability, new product innovation, financial viability, application of lean principles, operational flexibility, customer service and overall management. In addition, our customers generally require that we demonstrate improved efficiencies, through cost reductions and/or price improvement, on a basis. Our key competitors in each of our operating segments include but are not limited to: Segment Competitors Advanced Safety and User Experience • Bosch Group • Aumovio Se • Denso Corporation • Gentex Corporation • Harman International (a subsidiary of Samsung Electronics) • Mobileye • Nutanix • Red Hat • Valeo Engineered Components Group • Amphenol Corporation • Molex, LLC (a subsidiary of Koch, Inc.) • TE Connectivity plc Electrical Distribution Systems • Furukawa Electric Co., Ltd. • Lear Corporation • Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd. • Yazaki Corporation 9 Table of Contents Customers We sell our products and services to the major global OEMs in every region of the world. Our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 56% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025, which included approximately 10% to an individual Global OEM. Supply Relationships with Our Customers We typically supply products to our OEM customers through purchase orders, which are generally governed by general terms and conditions established by each OEM. Although the terms and conditions vary from customer to customer, they typically contemplate a relationship under which our customers place orders for their requirements of specific components supplied for particular vehicles but are not required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. These relationships typically extend over the life of the related vehicle. Prices are negotiated with respect to each business award, which may be subject to adjustments under certain circumstances, such as commodity or foreign exchange escalation/ clauses, significant changes in direct labor costs, for specification/design changes during the life of the program or for cost reductions achieved by us. The terms and conditions typically provide that we are subject to a warranty on the products supplied; in most cases, the duration of such warranty is coterminous with the warranty offered by the OEM to the of the vehicle. We may also be obligated to share in all or a part of recall costs if the OEM recalls its vehicles for defects attributable to our products. Individual purchase orders are terminable for cause or and, in most cases, upon our insolvency and certain change of control events. In addition, many of our OEM customers have the option to terminate for convenience on certain programs, which permits our customers to impose pressure on pricing during the life of the vehicle program, and issue purchase contracts for less than the duration of the vehicle program, which potentially reduces our profit margins and increases the risk of our losing future sales under those purchase contracts. We manufacture and ship based on customer release schedules, normally provided on a weekly basis, which can vary due to cyclical automobile production or dealer inventory levels. Although customer programs typically extend to future periods, and although there is an expectation that we will supply certain levels of OEM production during such future periods, customer agreements do not necessarily constitute firm orders. Firm orders are generally limited to specific and authorized customer purchase order releases placed with our manufacturing and distribution centers for actual production and order fulfillment. Firm orders are typically fulfilled as promptly as possible from the conversion of available raw materials, and inventory for OEM orders and from current finished goods inventory for aftermarket orders. The dollar amount of such purchase order releases on hand and not processed at any point in time is not believed to be significant based upon the time frame involved. Materials We procure our raw materials from a variety of suppliers around the world. Generally, we seek to obtain materials in the region in which our products are manufactured in order to minimize transportation and other costs. The most significant raw materials we use to manufacture our products include copper and resins. As of December 31, 2025, we have not experienced any significant shortages of raw materials, however, as a result of our customers’ recent production volatility and cancellations, our balance of productive, raw and component material inventories has increased substantially from customary levels. These changes to the production environment were primarily driven by the global supply chain disruptions that impacted the automotive industry at times during previous years. We continue to actively monitor and manage inventory levels across all inventory types in order to maximize both supply continuity and the efficient use of working capital. Normally we do not carry inventories of such raw materials in excess of those reasonably required to meet our production and shipping schedules. Commodity cost volatility, most notably related to copper, resin products and fuel, is a challenge for us and our industry. Recently, the industry has been subjected to increased pricing pressures, specifically in relation to these commodities, which have experienced significant volatility in price. We have also been impacted globally by increased overall inflation as a result of a variety of global trends. We are continually seeking to manage these and other cost pressures using a combination of strategies, including working with our suppliers to mitigate costs, seeking alternative product designs and material specifications, combining our purchase requirements with our customers and/or suppliers, changing suppliers, hedging of certain commodities and other means. In the case of copper, which primarily affects our Electrical Distribution Systems segment, contract clauses have enabled us to pass on some of the price increases to our customers and thereby partially offset the impact of increased commodity costs on operating income for the related products. Other than in the case of copper, our overall success in passing commodity cost increases on to our customers has been limited. However, we have negotiated, and will continue to negotiate as necessary, price increases with our customers in response to global inflationary pressures and the aforementioned global supply chain disruptions. We will continue our efforts to pass commodity cost increases to our customers in an effort to mitigate all or some of the adverse earnings impacts, including by seeking to renegotiate terms as contracts with our customers expire. 10 Table of Contents Seasonality In general, our business is moderately seasonal, as our primary North American customers historically reduce production during the month of July and halt operations for approximately one week in December. Our European customers generally reduce production during the months of July and August and for one week in December. Our Chinese customers generally halt operations for one week during the months of February and October. periods in the rest of the world generally vary by country. In addition, automotive production is traditionally reduced in the months of July, August and September due to the launch of component production for new vehicle models. People As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 140,000 people; 30,000 salaried employees and 110,000 hourly employees. In addition, we maintain a contingent workforce of approximately 51,000 to accommodate fluctuations in customer demand. We are a global company serving every major worldwide market. As of December 31, 2025 our workforce is distributed as follows: • 50% in North America, with our largest presence in Mexico; • 30% in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, with our largest presence in Morocco and Serbia; • 15% in the Asia Pacific region, with our largest presence in China and India; and • 5% in South America, with our largest presence in Brazil. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 50% of our total workforce were women, and approximately 25% of management roles were held by women. Certain of our employees are represented worldwide by numerous unions and works councils, including the International Union of Electronic, Electrical, Salaried, Machine and Furniture Workers - Communications Workers of America, IG Metall and the Confederacion De Trabajadores Mexicanos. We maintain collaborative and constructive labor relationships with our employee representatives in order to foster positive employee relations. Our Board of Directors reviews Aptiv’s talent strategy, and our Compensation & Human Resources Committee (“CHRC”) reviews employee retention, attrition and pay equity on a continual basis. In 2025, we continued sustaining pay equity by race in the United States and gender pay equity among comparable roles globally. Talent Development Our people are essential to executing our strategy and sustaining value creation. We invest in our talent to create a culture where innovation thrives, and our people are empowered to think and act like owners at every level in the organization. We provide training, coaching and mentoring to our employees at all levels, as well as internal career pathways—including global rotations and stretch assignments—to build the technical and leadership capability necessary to lead for today and as our business evolves. Our direct focus on skills development contributes to organization stability and succession readiness, as demonstrated by approximately 55% of our management role openings being filled through internal promotions in 2025 and improved retention for management and professionals. We manage succession planning as part of our monthly operating cadence, and segment, technical, and senior executive leadership succession plans are reviewed with the CHRC, Innovation and Technology Committees, and our Board of Directors annually. Aptiv maintains a comprehensive suite of career, technical, and leadership development programs designed to enhance execution for today while preparing our workforce for the business needs of the future. Our employees complete formal leadership and management training using , online and virtual learning opportunities to enhance their abilities. We also leverage Aptiv Academy, our online learning management system, across the business. In 2025, adoption of Aptiv Academy scaled to approximately 95% of our salaried population. Culture Aptiv’s culture is a competitive advantage to how we execute our strategy. Our culture is based on a set of distinct values and behaviors that guide us to always do the right thing, the right way. At Aptiv, we value each individual’s perspective, and we foster an environment of respect and inclusion. Aptiv participates in, and sponsors numerous outreach programs around the world, which seek to promote and recruit the next generation of talent into science, technology, engineering and mathematical (STEM) fields. Leveraging our employees’ diverse backgrounds and experiences allows us to make better decisions and supports stronger performance. Aptiv is continuing to drive innovation through an inclusive workforce for all, where every individual feels a sense of belonging within the organization. Culture is a central pillar in our business and helps to drive consistent leadership behavior across our businesses. We conduct regular employee feedback surveys to measure engagement, which includes assessing each employee’s commitment to our Company’s goals and the overall employee experience. In December 2025, 85% of our salaried employees responded to 11 Table of Contents this survey. Aptiv achieved an engagement score of 8.0, an improvement of approximately 0.3 compared to 2024. Employee NPS improved approximately 12 points, positioning Aptiv among the top 25% of technology companies for employee engagement, according to industry benchmarks. Our management team actively utilizes feedback at all levels of our organization to continually improve how we engage with our people and improve our operations. We recognize that sustaining a leadership culture requires continual focus and attention. Accordingly, senior executives and leaders throughout the Company commit time, resources and attention to ensure our culture continues to differentiate Aptiv as a great place to work. Health and Safety We are uncompromising in our commitment to health, safety and of all our employees and we treat safety performance as a critical operational priority. Our safety program is built on rigorous prevention, training, auditing and risk mitigation in our manufacturing plants, technical centers and offices. We continuously assess occupational health and safety risks, define controls and perform internal audits for all manufacturing sites, assessing, among other things, legal compliance, controls and key workplace safety metrics. Our results reflect this discipline. We remain an industry leader in workplace safety, achieving a lost time injury frequency rate of 0.21 cases per million hours worked and our lost workday case rate per 100 employees of 0.043 for the year ended December 31, 2025. These outcomes demonstrate the strength of our safety culture and the operational resilience it enables. Our standard safety management system is aligned with ISO 45001, and we are committed to ensuring all our manufacturing sites are ISO 45001 certified by 2026. As of December 31, 2025, 92% of our sites are certified under this standard. Commitment to Environmental Sustainability Sustainability has always been core to Aptiv’s business, values and culture. We believe this strong, foundational focus on sustainability makes Aptiv a partner of choice for our customers, a desirable place to work for our employees and a valued contributor to the communities in which we operate. While a key part of our business is to design solutions that help transition the world’s vehicles to cleaner sources of power, we are also committed to reducing our environmental footprint throughout our operations around the globe. We aim to reduce our environmental impact by decreasing our carbon footprint, reducing waste generated and consuming less water in our operations. Expenditures required to meet our environmental sustainability goals, which are described below, are included in our normal budgeting process. Decreasing our Carbon Footprint Aptiv has committed to the Targets initiative (the “SBTi”) Business Ambition for 1.5℃ campaign. Aptiv’s following targets were validated by the SBTi in November 2023: • Reducing Scope 1 and 2 absolute CO2e emissions by 100% between the baseline year (2021) and 2030; and • Reducing Scope 3 absolute CO2e emissions by 47% between the baseline year and 2030. To achieve these commitments, we are targeting: • Maintaining annual certification of all major manufacturing sites to the ISO 14001 standard; • Certifying the most sites to the ISO 50001 certification; and • Sourcing 100% of electricity for operations from renewable sources by 2030. Key to achieving these goals is our global Environmental, Health and Safety and Sustainability management system, which helps to keep us aligned with stringent environmental, health and safety regulations and provides a structure for continuous improvement. This system applies to all Aptiv sites, which means that in some countries our procedures go beyond local regulations and requirements. This system is continuously updated to ensure that our procedures remain up to date. Reducing our Water Usage and Waste Generated While our operations are not water intensive, we include water in our environmental risk management approach. We identify locations where we operate that are and take action to reduce our water consumption accordingly, while also striving to comply with best practices in locations. Our goal is to reduce water consumption in ( ) locations. We are also committed to reducing waste, with a waste recycled target (volume of recycled waste divided by total waste volume) of 80%. We continue to strive to actively reduce and manage waste across our manufacturing operations, as well as in our offices. We are creating packaging that uses less material and we continue to strive to increase the share of waste and excess materials we divert to recycling. 12 Table of Contents Additional Sustainability Information Additional information regarding our environmental sustainability and human capital initiatives, as well as information on our progress towards our commitments, is available in our annual Sustainability Report located on our website at www.aptiv.com/about/sustainability . Nothing on our website, including the aforementioned Sustainability Report, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 13 Table of Contents SUPPLEMENTARY ITEM. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT The name, age (as of February 1, 2026), current positions and description of business experience of each of our executive officers are listed below. Our executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until the officer’s resignation or removal. Positions noted below reflect current service to Aptiv PLC and prior service to Delphi Automotive PLC and Delphi Automotive LLP. Kevin P. Clark , 63, is chair of Aptiv’s board of directors and chief executive officer (CEO) of the Company. Mr. Clark was named president and CEO and became a member of the board in March 2015. Previously, Mr. Clark was chief operating officer (COO) from October 2014 to March 2015. Prior to the COO position, Mr. Clark was chief financial officer and executive vice president from February 2013. He was appointed vice president and chief financial officer in July 2010. Previously, Mr. Clark was a founding partner of Liberty Lane Partners, LLC, a investment firm focused on building and improving companies. Prior to Liberty Lane Partners, Mr. Clark served as the chief financial officer of International Inc., a manufacturer, distributor and service provider to the global healthcare market. Mr. Clark served as ’s chief financial officer from the company’s initial public offering in 2001 through the completion of its merger with Thermo Electron Corporation in 2006. Prior to becoming chief financial officer, Mr. Clark served as ’s corporate controller and treasurer. Varun Laroyia , 54, is Aptiv’s executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective November 2024. He joined Aptiv from LKQ Corporation, a leading provider of alternative and specialty parts to repair and accessorize automobiles and other vehicles, where he most recently served as senior advisor, following roles as chief executive officer, LKQ Europe from 2022 to 2023 and executive vice president and chief financial officer from 2017 to 2022. Prior to serving at LKQ, Mr. Laroyia served as chief financial officer, Global Workplace Solutions for CBRE Group, Inc. from 2015 to 2017 and, prior to that, in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility at Johnson Controls, Gateway, General Electric and KPMG in Europe and North America. Allan J. Brazier , 59, is senior vice president and chief accounting officer of Aptiv. He was promoted to senior vice president in April 2025, after serving as vice president and chief accounting officer from February 2011. Mr. Brazier joined the Company in June 2005 as senior manager of technical accounting and reporting, and prior to his current role served as assistant controller of technical accounting and reporting. Prior to joining Aptiv, Mr. Brazier was employed for seventeen years in financial roles of increasing responsibility at various companies. Mr. Brazier is a Certified Public Accountant and began his career with the international public accounting firm of KPMG. Javed Khan , 53, is executive vice president and president, Software and Advanced Safety and User Experience, a position he has held since he joined Aptiv in August 2024. Before joining Aptiv, he served as senior vice president and general manager of Cisco Collaboration, and prior to his tenure at Cisco, Mr. Khan was the vice president of Enterprise and Consumer Security products at Symantec. He began his career as an engineer at Novell, before moving to leadership roles at Symantec. Joseph T. Liotine , 53, is executive vice president and president, Electrical Distribution Systems, a position he has held since November 2024. Mr. Liotine joined Aptiv in April 2024 as president, Signal and Power Solutions. Prior to joining Aptiv, Mr. Liotine served as chief executive officer at Briggs & Stratton, and previously, he spent nearly 20 years in senior executive roles at Whirlpool Corporation, most recently as president and chief operating officer, where he led the global appliance business. Mr. Liotine began his career at PepsiCo, where he held several positions within sales and procurement. Obed D. Louissaint , 46, is Aptiv’s executive vice president and chief people officer. He joined Aptiv as senior vice president in January 2023 and was elevated to executive vice president in March 2024 when he assumed responsibility for the Company’s communication function. He joined Aptiv from IBM, where he was senior vice president, Transformation and Culture from August 2020 through December 2022. He previously served as vice president, Talent, Watson Health & Employee Experience from 2019 to 2020 and vice president, Human Resources, IBM Watson, Watson Health, Research, Technical Talent & Corporate from 2015 to 2020. He began his IBM career in 2001 and held several human resources positions of increasing responsibility. Before joining IBM, Mr. Louissaint was president at Student Agencies, Inc. Joseph R. Massaro , 56, is Aptiv’s vice chair and president, Engineered Components Group, a position he has held from November 2024. Mr. Massaro joined the Company in October 2013 as vice president, Internal Audit, and in September 2014 was appointed to the position of vice president, corporate controller. In March 2016, he was named senior vice president and chief financial officer. In September 2020, he also assumed the role of senior vice president, business operations, and in 2024, was elevated to vice chairman, business operations and chief financial officer. Previously, Mr. Massaro was a managing director at Liberty Lane Partners from 2008 to 2010. He also served as chief financial officer of inVentiv Health Inc. from 2010 to 2013, a Liberty Lane portfolio company. Prior to Liberty Lane, he served in a variety of finance and operational roles at Thermo Fisher Scientific from 2002 to 2007, including senior vice president of Global Business Services where his responsibilities included the global sourcing and information technology functions. Prior to the merger with Thermo Electron, he also served as vice president and corporate controller of Fisher Scientific and held several other senior finance positions. 14 Table of Contents Katherine H. Ramundo , 58, is executive vice president, chief legal officer, chief compliance officer and secretary of Aptiv. She joined Aptiv as senior vice president, chief legal officer, chief compliance officer and secretary of Aptiv in March 2021, and was elevated to executive vice president in March 2024. Prior to joining Aptiv, Ms. Ramundo was executive vice president, chief legal officer and secretary of Howmet Aerospace Inc. (formerly Arconic Inc.), a leading global provider of advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries, a role she held from November 2016 to February 2021. Prior to joining Howmet Aerospace, Ms. Ramundo was executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of ANN, Inc., the owner of the Ann Taylor and LOFT brands. Previously, Ms. Ramundo served as vice president, deputy general counsel and assistant secretary of . Among her other positions during her 15-year tenure at Colgate, she served as general counsel of the Europe/South Pacific division, and later managed global specialty legal activities. She began her career as a litigator, practicing at major New law firms, including Cravath, Swaine & Moore and Sidley Austin. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Set forth below are certain risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in statements made by the Company. Also refer to the Cautionary Statement Regarding Information in this Annual Report. Risks Related to Business Environment and Economic Conditions Disruptions in the supply of raw materials and other supplies that we and our customers use in our products may adversely affect our profitability. We and our customers use a broad range of materials and supplies, including copper and other metals, resins, chemicals, electronic components and semiconductors. A significant disruption in the supply of these materials for any reason could decrease our production and shipping levels, which could materially increase our operating costs and materially decrease our profit margins. We, as with other component manufacturers in the automotive industry, ship products to our customers’ vehicle assembly plants throughout the world so they are delivered on a “ ” basis in order to maintain low inventory levels. Our suppliers also use a similar method. However, this “ ” method makes the logistics supply chain in our industry very complex and very vulnerable to disruptions. Such disruptions could be caused by any one of a myriad of potential problems, such as closures of one of our or our suppliers’ plants or critical manufacturing lines due to strikes, mechanical breakdowns or failures, electrical outages, fires, explosions, political upheaval, terrorism or war, material shortages, as well as logistical complications due to weather, global climate change, volcanic eruptions, or other natural or nuclear disasters, delayed customs processing, the spread of an infectious disease, virus or other widespread illness and more. Additionally, as we focus operations in best cost countries, the risk for such disruptions is heightened. The lack of any single subcomponent necessary to manufacture one of our products could force us to cease production, potentially for a prolonged period. Similarly, a potential quality issue could force us to halt deliveries while we validate the products. Even where products are ready to be shipped, or have been shipped, delays may arise before they reach our customer. Our customers may halt or delay their production for the same reason if one of their other suppliers fails to deliver necessary components. This may cause our customers, in turn to suspend their orders, or instruct us to suspend delivery, of our products, which may adversely affect our financial performance. When we fail to make timely deliveries in accordance with our contractual obligations, we generally have to absorb our own costs for identifying and solving the “root cause” problem as well as expeditiously producing replacement components or products. Generally, we must also carry the costs associated with “catching up,” such as overtime and premium freight. Additionally, if we are the cause for a customer being forced to halt production, the customer may seek to recoup all of its losses and expenses from us. These losses and expenses could be significant and may include consequential losses such as lost profits. Any global supply chain disruption, however small, could potentially cause the complete shutdown of an assembly line of one of our customers, and any such shutdown that is due to causes that are within our control could expose us to material claims of compensation. Where a customer halts production because of another supplier failing to deliver on time, there can be no assurance we will be fully compensated, if at all. Global supply chain disruptions have in the past and could in the future lead to interruptions in our production, which could impact our ability to fully meet the vehicle production demands of OEMs at times due to events which are outside our control. For example, as a result of the rapidly evolving trade policies and tariff actions, the uncertainty in the automotive industry has increased, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We will continue to actively monitor our global supply chain and will seek to aggressively mitigate and minimize the impact of any future disruptions on our business. In addition, we are carrying critical inventory items and key components, and we continue to procure productive, raw material and inventory components in order to satisfy our customers’ vehicle production schedules. However, as a result of our customers’ recent production volatility and cancellations, among other things, our balance of productive, raw and component material inventories has increased substantially from customary levels as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. These changes to the production environment were primarily driven by the global supply chain disruptions that impacted the automotive industry at times during previous years. We continue to actively monitor and manage inventory levels across all inventory types in order to maximize both supply continuity and the efficient use of working capital. The cyclical nature of automotive sales and production can adversely affect our business. Our business is directly related to automotive sales and automotive vehicle production by our customers. Automotive sales and production are highly cyclical and, in addition to general economic conditions, also depend on other factors, such as consumer confidence and consumer preferences. Lower global automotive sales would be expected to result in substantially all of our automotive OEM customers lowering vehicle production schedules, which has a direct impact on our earnings and cash flows. In addition, automotive sales and production can be affected by labor relations issues, regulatory requirements, trade 16 Table of Contents agreements, the availability of consumer financing, inflationary pressures, interest rate volatility, supply chain disruptions and other factors, including global health crises. Economic declines that result in a significant reduction in automotive sales and production by our customers have in the past had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our sales are also affected by inventory levels and OEMs’ production levels. We cannot predict when OEMs will decide to increase or decrease inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will approximate historical inventory levels. Uncertainty and other unexpected fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. A prolonged recession and/or a downturn in global automotive sales could adversely affect our business and cause us to require additional sources of financing to continue our operations, which may not be available to us or be available only on materially different terms than what has historically been available. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in the businesses of our customers or potential customers may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Global automotive vehicle production increased 4% from 2024 to 2025 (1% on an Aptiv weighted market basis, which represents global vehicle production weighted to the geographic regions in which the Company generates its revenue), reflecting increased vehicle production of 10% in China and 1% in South America, our smallest region, partially offset by declines of 2% in North America and 1% in Europe. A prolonged downturn in or uncertainty relating to global or regional economic conditions, including as a result of trade barriers, high inflation, component shortages, labor shortages or any significant reduction in automotive sales by our customers, may result in the delay or cancellation of plans to purchase our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, uncertainty relating to global or regional economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our business. Any such adverse impacts could require us to shut down plants or result in impairment charges, restructuring actions or changes in our valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Deteriorating global economic conditions and/or deteriorating performance of our business may also have a negative impact on our market capitalization, which could also result in impairment charges. A determination that an impairment has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Any significant negative cash flow or instability in the global credit markets and global economic pressure could limit our ability to obtain external financing on favorable terms. There can be no assurance that we would be able to secure such financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. A drop in the market share and changes in product mix offered by our customers can impact our revenues. We are dependent on the continued growth, viability and financial stability of our customers. Our customers generally are OEMs in the automotive industry. This industry is subject to rapid technological change, vigorous competition, cyclical and short product life cycles, reduced consumer demand patterns and industry consolidation. When our customers are adversely affected by these factors, we may be similarly affected to the extent that our customers reduce the volume of orders for our products. As a result of changes impacting our customers, sales mix can shift which may have either favorable or unfavorable impacts on our revenues and would include shifts in regional growth, shifts in OEM sales demand, as well as shifts in consumer demand related to vehicle segment purchases and content penetration. For instance, a shift in sales demand favoring a particular OEMs’ vehicle model for which we do not have a supply contract may negatively impact our revenue. A shift in regional sales demand toward certain markets could impact the sales of our customers that have a large market share in those regions, which in turn would be expected to impact our revenue. The mix of vehicle offerings by our OEM customers also impacts our sales. A decrease in consumer demand for specific types of vehicles where we have traditionally provided significant content could have a significant effect on our business and financial condition. For example, while we have identified high voltage electrification systems as a key product market, certain of our OEM customers have recently announced delays in or changes to their vehicle investment strategies amidst reduced expectations for future consumer demand for these products, which could adversely impact the growth of this product market within our business. Our sales of products in the regions in which our customers operate also depend on the success of these customers in those regions. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic and market conditions. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. The automotive technology and components market in China is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. Domestic Chinese OEMs have continued to expand their market share in China, and as a result, several OEMs have experienced declines in revenue and market share, resulting in certain traditional OEMs taking steps to reduce or restructure their operations in China. For example, in 2025, General Motors (“GM”) restructured their operations in China given challenges in the Chinese market. As GM, along with other traditional OEMs, are among our largest customers, our business and financial results may be adversely affected by decreases in their 17 Table of Contents businesses or market share in China. As the size of the Chinese market continues to increase over the , we anticipate that additional competitors, both international and domestic, will seek to enter the Chinese market and that existing market participants will act aggressively to increase their market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. Additionally, there have been periods of increased market volatility and moderations in the level of economic growth in China, which resulted in periods of lower automotive production growth rates in China than those previously experienced. Our business in China is sensitive to economic and market conditions that drive automotive sales volumes in China and may be impacted if there are reductions in vehicle demand in China. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Chinese market or if vehicle sales in China continue to experience minimal growth or decrease, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. We operate in the highly competitive automotive technology and component supply industry, and are dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued growth. The global automotive technology and component supply industry is highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on price, technology, quality, delivery and overall customer service. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of our competitors. Furthermore, the rapidly evolving nature of the markets in which we compete has attracted, and may continue to attract, new and disruptive entrants from outside the traditional automotive supply industry, particularly in countries such as China or in areas of evolving vehicle technologies such as automated driving technologies and advanced software. These entrants may seek to gain access to certain vehicle technology and component markets. Any of these new competitors may develop and introduce technologies that gain greater customer or consumer acceptance, which could adversely affect the future growth of the Company. Additionally, consolidation in the automotive industry may lead to decreased product purchases from us. As a result, our sales levels and margins could be adversely affected by pricing pressures from OEMs and pricing actions of competitors. These factors led to selective resourcing of business to competitors in the past and may also do so in the future. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than us, develop products that are superior to our products, have the ability to produce similar products at a lower cost than us, adapt more quickly than us to new technologies or evolving customer requirements or develop or introduce new products or solutions before we do, particularly related to potential transformative technologies such as autonomous driving solutions. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with their products. These trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products. If we do not continue to innovate to develop or acquire new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies, this could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry towards autonomous vehicles and mobility on demand services could adversely affect our business. The automotive industry is increasingly focused on the development of advanced driver assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially-viable, fully automated driving experience. The high development cost of active safety and autonomous driving technologies may result in a higher risk of exposure to the success of new or disruptive technologies different than those being developed by us. There has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility on demand services, such as car- and , as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. These evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. If we do not continue to respond quickly and effectively to this evolutionary process, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. We have invested substantial resources in markets and technologies where we expect growth and we may be unable to timely alter our strategies should such expectations not be realized. Our future growth is dependent on our making the right investments at the right time to support product development and manufacturing capacity in geographic areas where we can support our customer base and in product areas of evolving vehicle technologies. We have identified the Asia Pacific region, and more specifically China, as a key geographic market, and have identified intelligent systems software, advanced driver assistance systems, autonomous driving technologies, mobility solutions and high voltage electrification systems as key product markets. We believe these markets are likely to experience substantial growth, and accordingly have made and expect to continue to make substantial investments, both directly and through participation in various partnerships and joint ventures, in numerous manufacturing operations, technical centers, research and development activities and other infrastructure to support anticipated growth in these areas. If we are unable to deepen existing and develop additional customer relationships in the Asia Pacific region, or if we are unable to develop and introduce advanced driver assistance or autonomous driving technologies, we may not only fail to realize expected rates of return on our existing investments, but we may incur losses on such investments and be unable to timely redeploy the invested capital to take advantage of other markets or product categories, potentially resulting in lost market share to our competitors. Our results will also suffer if these areas do not grow as quickly as we anticipate. 18 Table of Contents We may not be able to respond quickly enough to changes in regulations, technology and technological risks, and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products. We cannot provide assurance that certain of our products will not become obsolete or that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive and maintain or increase our revenues in the future. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development or production and failure of products to operate properly. The pace of our development and introduction of new and improved products depends on our ability to implement improved technological innovations in design, engineering and manufacturing, which requires extensive capital investment. Any capital expenditure cuts in these areas that we may determine to implement in the future to reduce costs and conserve cash could reduce our ability to develop and implement improved technological innovations, which may materially reduce demand for our products. To compete effectively in the automotive technology and components industry, we must be able to launch new products to meet changing consumer preferences and our customers’ demand in a timely and manner. Our ability to respond to competitive pressures and react quickly to other major changes in the marketplace, including the potential introduction of disruptive technologies such as autonomous driving solutions or consumer desire for and availability of vehicles with advanced driver assistance technologies or which use alternative fuels is also a risk to our future financial performance. Changes in legislative, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely and cost competitive basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive and to maintain or increase our revenues. For example, the evolving sector of automated driver assistance and autonomous driving technologies has led to guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) regarding best practices for the testing and deployment of automated driving systems, and outlining federal and state roles in the regulation of these systems, including providing state legislatures with best practices on how to safely foster the development and introduction of automated driving technologies onto public roads. There remains potential for the continued introduction of new and expanded regulations in this space, including potential requirements for autonomous vehicle systems to receive approval from the DOT or other regulatory agencies prior to commercial introduction. It is also possible that regulations in this space may diverge among jurisdictions, leading to increased compliance costs. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to install and certify the equipment needed to produce products for new product programs in time for the start of production, or that the transitioning of our manufacturing facilities and resources to full production under new product programs will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our facilities. Development and manufacturing schedules are difficult to predict, and we cannot provide assurance that our customers will execute on schedule the launch of their new product programs, for which we might supply products. Our failure to successfully launch new products, or a failure by our customers to successfully launch new programs, could adversely affect our results. Certain of our businesses rely on relationships with collaborative partners and other for development of products and potential products, and such collaborative partners or other could fail to perform sufficiently. We believe that for certain of our businesses, success in developing products depends in part on our ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with other companies. There are certain risks involved in such relationships, as our collaborative partners may not devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; may be acquired by other companies and subsequently terminate our collaborative arrangement; may compete with us; may not agree with us on key details of the collaborative relationship; or may not agree to renew existing collaborations on acceptable terms. Because these and other factors may be beyond our control, the development or commercialization of our products involved in collaborative partnerships may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. If we or any of our collaborative partners terminate a collaborative arrangement, we may be required to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization or may need to cancel certain development programs, which could adversely affect our business and operational results. Declines in the market share or business of our five largest customers may adversely impact our revenues and profitability. Our five largest customers accounted for approximately 42% of our total net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Accordingly, our revenues may be adversely affected by decreases in any of their businesses or market share. For instance, the worldwide semiconductor shortage adversely impacted the automotive industry in recent years resulting in reduced vehicle production schedules and sales from historical levels, which adversely impacted our financial condition, operating results and cash flows for portions of the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, certain United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (“UAW”) represented employees at GM, Ford Motor Company (“Ford”) and Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”) initiated labor strikes in September 2023, lasting more than six weeks in duration. As GM, Ford and Stellantis are among our largest customers, these labor strikes adversely impacted our financial condition, operating results 19 Table of Contents and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023. Furthermore, because our customers typically have no obligation to purchase a specific quantity of parts, a decline in the production levels of any of our major customers, particularly with respect to models for which we are a significant supplier, could reduce our sales and thereby adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. We may not realize sales represented by awarded business. We estimate awarded business using certain assumptions, including projected future sales volumes. Our customers generally do not guarantee volumes. In addition, awarded business may include business under arrangements that our customers have the right to terminate without penalty. Therefore, our actual sales volumes, and thus the ultimate amount of revenue that we derive from such sales, are not committed. If actual production orders from our customers are not consistent with the projections we use in calculating the amount of our awarded business, we could realize substantially less revenue over the life of these projects than the currently projected estimate. Continued pricing pressures, OEM cost reduction initiatives and the ability of OEMs to or cancel vehicle programs may result in lower than anticipated margins, or losses, which may have a significant negative impact on our business. initiatives adopted by our customers result in increased downward pressure on pricing. Our customer supply agreements generally require in component pricing over the period of production, typically one to three percent per year. In addition, our customers often reserve the right to terminate their supply contracts for convenience, which enhances their ability to obtain price reductions. OEMs have also possessed significant leverage over their suppliers, including us, because the automotive technology and component supply industry is highly competitive, serves a limited number of customers, has a high fixed cost base and historically has had excess capacity. Based on these factors, and the fact that our customers’ product programs typically last a number of years and are anticipated to encompass large volumes, our customers are able to negotiate favorable pricing. Accordingly, as a Tier I supplier, we are subject to substantial continuing pressure from OEMs to reduce the price of our products. For example, our customer supply agreements generally provide for annual reductions in pricing of our products over the period of production. It is possible that pricing pressures beyond our expectations could intensify as OEMs pursue restructuring and initiatives. If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions, our gross margin and profitability would be adversely affected. See Item 1. Supply Relationships with Our Customers for a detailed discussion of our supply agreements with our customers. Our supply agreements with our OEM customers are generally requirements contracts, and 

[truncated]