Update on IPSX BWP REIT PLC 04 September 2023 4 September 2023 BWP REIT plc ( " BWP REIT " or the " Company ") Update on IPSX The Board of BWP REIT plc has today been notified by the International Property Securities Exchange ("IPSX"), the market on which the shares in the Company are quoted and traded, that IPSX has commenced the process of winding down operations (see www.ipsx.com ) . IPSX has confirmed that its secondary market operations will continue trading through the wind-down period of 90 days from today and the ability to buy and sell the Company's shares may continue until the date that admission is cancelled. BWP REIT has been investigating alternative platforms for listing to ensure trading in its shares can continue. The Board, in consultation with its Asset and Investment Manager and its Lead Adviser, is in discussions with such alternative platforms and believe there are a number of viable options. A further announcement regarding the new listing venue will be made in due course. ENQUIRIES BWP REIT PLC Edmund Craston - Chairman via FTI Consulting below WH Ireland Limited (IPSX Lead Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7220 1666 Chris Hardie, Darshan Patel FTI Consulting (Financial and PR Adviser) +44 (0) 20 3727 1000 Richard Sunderland M7@FTIConsulting.com Eve Kirmatzis, Oliver Parsons M7 Real Estate Allan Green +44 (0) 20 3984 0884 Alter Domus (UK) Limited (Company Secretary) +44 (0) 207 645 4800 The Company's ISIN is GB00BQ1NFW69. Further information on BWP REIT plc is available at www.bwpreit.com/ . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BWP REIT PLC (BWP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) 2 hours ago Solid State 16 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and