Conditional Building Safety Fund Approval BWP REIT PLC 25 September 2023 25 September 2023 BWP REIT plc ( " BWP REIT " or the " Company ") Conditional Building Safety Fund Approval The Board of BWP REIT plc is pleased to announce that written confirmation from the Department for Levelling Up, Housing & Communities has been received, stating that the application to the Building Safety Fund ("BSF") has been approved subject to meeting certain conditions, namely the signature of a Grant Funding Agreement with Homes England to fund the remediation of the non-ACM cladding at Bridgewater Place ("Grant Funding Agreement"). The Grant Funding Agreement outlines how funding will be made available to the Company in four tranches once certain conditions are met, some of which the Company has already completed. This includes the signing of a Works Contract and Building Control Full Plans approval. Another tranche will be payable once the project works are 50% complete and the remaining balance is payable on practical completion. Once the Grant Funding Agreement is signed, it is anticipated that approximately 80% of the total grant monies will be transferred by the BSF. The exact amount of funding will be confirmed on signing but the Board expects that this will be in excess of £5 million. Edmund Craston, Chairman of BWP REIT plc, said: "This is great news for Bridgewater Place. While we had always hoped the application to the BSF would be successful, no receipts were factored into the original business plan. These funds will enable the company to redeploy part of its original capex allocation towards the wider refurbishment and modernisation works to the building, further improving its attractiveness to occupiers. Our key focus is on improving the amenity of the shared spaces and energy efficiency of the building, creating a fully repositioned, high-quality asset which meets the needs of the modern occupier." ENQUIRIES BWP REIT PLC Edmund Craston - Chairman via FTI Consulting below M7 Jack Thoms, Allan Green +44 (0) 20 3984 0884 WH Ireland Limited (IPSX Lead Adviser) +44 (0) 20 7220 1666 Chris Hardie, Darshan Patel FTI Consulting (Financial and PR Adviser) +44 (0) 20 3727 1000 Richard Sunderland M7@FTIConsulting.com Eve Kirmatzis, Oliver Parsons Alter Domus (UK) Limited (Company Secretary) +44 (0) 207 645 4800 The Company's ISIN is GB00BQ1NFW69. Further information on BWP REIT plc is available at www.bwpreit.com/ . This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies BWP REIT PLC (BWP) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 2 hours ago Southern Energy Corp. NPV (DI) 2 hours ago Gateley (Holdings) 2 hours ago Solid State 16 hours ago Metro Bank Holdings PLC 16 hours ago Ocado Group All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and