.1 2 exh101ciscosip200520258-k.htm .1 Document Exhibit 10.1 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN AS AMENDED AND RESTATED (Effective as of December 16, 2025) SECTION 1. INTRODUCTION. The Company’s stockholders approved the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated and effective on December 16, 2025. The purpose of the Plan is to promote the success of the Company and the creation of stockholder value by offering Key Employees an opportunity to share in such success by acquiring a proprietary interest in the Company. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for discretionary incentive Awards in the form of Options (which may constitute Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options), Stock Appreciation Rights, Stock Grants, and Stock Units. The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California (except its provisions). Capitalized terms shall have the meaning provided in Section 2 unless otherwise provided in this Plan or any related Stock Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Unit Agreement. SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS . (a) “Affiliate” means any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50% of such entity. (b) “Award” means any award of an Option, SAR, Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Plan. (c) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. (d) “Cashless Exercise” means, to the extent that a Stock Option Agreement so provides and as permitted by applicable law, a program approved by the Committee in which payment may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form prescribed by the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company in payment of the aggregate Exercise Price and, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy the Company’s withholding obligations at the minimum statutory withholding rates, including, but not limited to, U.S. federal and state income taxes, payroll taxes, and foreign taxes, if applicable. (e) “Cause” means, except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant’s employment agreement or Award agreement, a conviction of a Participant for a felony crime or the failure of a Participant to contest prosecution for a felony crime, or a Participant’s misconduct, fraud or dishonesty (as such terms are defined by the Committee in its sole discretion), or any unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets, in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee’s determination shall be conclusive and binding. (f) “Change In Control” except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant’s employment agreement or Award agreement, means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) A change in the composition of the Board over a period of consecutive months or less such that a majority of the Board members ceases, by reason of one or more contested elections for Board membership, to be comprised of individuals who either (A) have been Board members continuously since the beginning of such period or (B) have been elected or nominated for election as Board members during such period by at least a majority of the Board members described in clause (A) who were still in office at the time the Board approved such election or nomination; or (ii) The acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing more than 35% of the total combined 1 voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made directly to the Company’s stockholders which the Board does not recommend such stockholders accept. (g) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. (h) “Committee” means a committee described in Section 3. (i) “Common Stock” means the Company’s common stock. (j) “Company” means Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation. (k) “Consultant” means an individual who performs bona fide services to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate, other than as an Employee or Director or Director. (l) “Corporate Transaction” except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant’s employment agreement or Award agreement, means the occurrence of any of the following stockholder approved transactions: (i) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50% of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entity’s securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; or (ii) The sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. A transaction shall not constitute a Corporate Transaction if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company's incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company's securities immediately before such transactions. (m) “Director” means a member of the Board who is also an Employee. (n) “Disability” means that the Key Employee is classified as disabled under a long‑term disability policy of the Company or, if no such policy applies, the Key Employee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. (o) “Employee” means an individual who is a employee of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. (p) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (q) “Exercise Price” means, in the case of an Option, the amount for which a Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. “Exercise Price,” in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value in determining the amount payable upon exercise of such SAR. (r) “Fair Market Value” means the market price of a Share as determined in good faith by the Committee. The Fair Market Value shall be determined by the following: (i) If the Shares were traded or listed with Nasdaq on the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be equal to the last transaction price quoted by the Nasdaq system for the date in question or (ii) if the Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange on the date in question, the Fair Market Value is the closing selling price for the Common Stock as such price is officially quoted in the composite tape of transactions on the exchange determined by the Committee to be the primary market for the Common Stock for the date in question; provided, however, that if there is no such reported price for the Common Stock for the date in question under (i) or (ii), then such price on the last preceding date for which such price exists shall be determinative of Fair Market Value. If neither (i) or (ii) are applicable, then the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith on such basis as it deems appropriate. Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value by the Committee shall be based on the prices reported in the Western Edition of The Wall Street Journal . Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. (s) “Fiscal Year” means the Company’s fiscal year. 2 (t) “Grant” means any grant of an Award under the Plan. (u) “Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO” means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422. (v) “Key Employee” means an Employee, Director, Director or Consultant who has been selected by the Committee to receive an Award under the Plan. (w) “ Director” means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. (x) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” or “NSO” means a stock option that is not an ISO. (y) “Option” means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan entitling the Optionee to purchase Shares. (z) “Optionee” means an individual, estate or other entity that holds an Option. (aa) “Parent” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. (bb) “Participant” means an individual or estate or other entity that holds an Award. (cc) “Performance Goal” means an objective formula or standard determined by the Committee with respect to each Performance Period utilizing one or more of the following factors and any objectively verifiable adjustment(s) thereto permitted and by the Committee: (i) operating income, operating cash flow and operating expense; (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (iii) earnings; (iv) cash flow; (v) market share; (vi) sales; (vii) revenue; (viii) profits before interest and taxes; (ix) expenses; (x) cost of goods sold; (xi) profit/loss or profit margin; (xii) working capital; (xiii) return on capital, equity or assets; (xiv) earnings per share; (xv) economic value added; (xvi) stock price; (xvii) price/earnings ratio; (xviii) debt or ; (xix) accounts receivable; (xx) writeoffs; (xxi) cash; (xxii) assets; (xxiii) liquidity; (xxiv) operations; (xxv) intellectual property (e.g., patents); (xxvi) product development; (xxvii) regulatory activity; (xxviii) manufacturing, production or inventory; (xxix) mergers and acquisitions or divestitures; (xxx) financings; (xxxi) customer satisfaction; (xxxii) total stockholder return; and/or (xxxiii) any other performance factor selected by the Committee, each with respect to the Company and/or one or more of its affiliates or operating units. (dd) “Performance Period” means any period not exceeding 36 months as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping Performance Periods. (ee) “Plan” means this Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and restated, and as it may be further amended from time to time. (ff) “Previous Plan Award” means any award of an Option, SAR, Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Cisco Systems, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, the Cisco Systems, Inc. SA Acquisition Incentive Plan or the Cisco Systems, Inc. WebEx Acquisition Incentive Plan. (gg) “ ” means that the Company has (i) lowered or reduced the Exercise Price of outstanding Options and/or outstanding SARs for any Participant(s), whether through amendment, cancellation, or replacement grants, or any other means, (ii) repurchased for cash outstanding Options and/or outstanding SARs when the Exercise Price is greater than the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, or (iii) any other action that is treated as a “repricing” under generally accepted accounting principles. (hh) “SAR Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 8 evidencing each Award of a Stock Appreciation Right. (ii) “SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission. (jj) “Section 16 Persons” means those officers, directors or other persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (kk) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (ll) “Service” means service as an Employee, Director, Director or Consultant. A Participant’s Service does not terminate when continued service crediting is required by applicable law. However, for purposes of determining whether an Option is entitled to continuing ISO status, a employee’s Service will be treated as terminating ninety (90) days after such Employee went on leave, unless 3 such Employee’s right to return to active work is guaranteed by law or by a contract. Service terminates in any event when the approved leave ends, unless such Employee immediately returns to active work. The Committee determines which leaves count toward Service, and when Service terminates for all purposes under the Plan. Further, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant’s Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant provides service to the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, or a transfer between entities (the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate); provided that there is no interruption or other termination of Service. (mm) “Share” means one share of Common Stock. (nn) “Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means a stock appreciation right awarded under the Plan. (oo) “Stock Grant” means Shares awarded under the Plan. (pp) “Stock Grant Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 9 evidencing each Award of a Stock Grant. (qq) “Stock Option Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 6 evidencing each Award of an Option. (rr) “Stock Unit” means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Share, as awarded under the Plan. (ss) “Stock Unit Agreement” means the agreement described in Section 10 evidencing each Award of a Stock Unit. (tt) “Subsidiary” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. (uu) “10-Percent Stockholder” means an individual who owns more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company, its Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. In determining stock ownership, the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall be applied. SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION . (a) Committee Composition. The Board or a Committee appointed by the Board shall administer the Plan. Unless the Board provides otherwise, the Company’s Compensation & Management Development Committee shall be the Committee. Members of the Committee shall serve for such period of time as the Board may determine and shall be subject to removal by the Board at any time. The Board may also at any time terminate the functions of the Committee and reassume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Committee. The Committee shall have membership composition which enables Awards to Section 16 Persons to qualify as exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. The Board may also appoint one or more separate committees of the Board, each composed of two or more directors of the Company who need not qualify under Rule 16b-3, that may administer the Plan with respect to Key Employees who are not Section 16 Persons, may grant Awards under the Plan to such Key Employees and may determine all terms of such Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall constitute the Committee and shall administer the Plan with respect to Directors, shall grant Awards under the Plan to such Directors, and shall determine all terms of such Awards. (b) Authority of the Committee. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have full authority and sole discretion to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Such actions shall include: (i) selecting Key Employees who are to receive Awards under the Plan; (ii) determining the type, number, vesting requirements and other features and conditions of such Awards and amending such Awards; (iii) correcting any defect, supplying any omission, or reconciling any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award agreement; 4 (iv) accelerating the vesting, or extending the exercise term, of Awards at any time and under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate; (v) interpreting the Plan; (vi) making all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan; and (vii) adopting such plans or subplans as may be deemed necessary or appropriate to provide for the participation by Key Employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates who reside outside the U.S., which plans and/or subplans shall be attached hereto as Appendices. The Committee may adopt such rules or guidelines as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan. The Committee’s determinations under the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons. (c) Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each member of the Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (i) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any Stock Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Unit Agreement, and (ii) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company’s approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. SECTION 4. GENERAL . (a) General Eligibility. Only Employees, Directors, Directors and Consultants shall be eligible for designation as Key Employees by the Committee, in its sole discretion. (b) Incentive Stock Options. Only Key Employees who are employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, a Key Employee who is a 10-Percent Stockholder shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the requirements set forth in Section 422(c)(5) of the Code are satisfied. (c) Restrictions on Shares. Any Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to such rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal and other transfer restrictions as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion. Such restrictions shall apply in addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Shares generally and shall also comply to the extent necessary with applicable law. In no event shall the Company be required to issue fractional Shares under this Plan. (d) Beneficiaries. Unless stated otherwise in an Award agreement, a Participant may designate one or more beneficiaries with respect to an Award by timely filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Participant’s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, then after a Participant’s death any vested Award(s) shall be transferred or distributed to the Participant’s estate. (e) Performance Conditions. The Committee may, in its discretion, include Performance Goals in an Award or grant an Award upon the satisfaction of Performance Goals. (f) No Rights as a Stockholder. A Participant, or a transferee of a Participant, shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Common Stock covered by an Award until such person has satisfied all of the terms and conditions to receive such Common Stock, has satisfied any applicable withholding or tax obligations relating to the Award and the Shares have been issued (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). (g) Termination of Service. Unless the applicable Award agreement or, with respect to Participants who reside in the U.S., the applicable employment agreement provides otherwise, the following rules shall govern the vesting, exercisability and term of outstanding Awards held by a Participant in the event of termination of such Participant’s Service (in all cases subject to the expiration term of the Option or SAR as applicable): (i) upon termination of Service for any reason, all unvested portions of any outstanding Awards shall be immediately forfeited without consideration and the vested portions of any outstanding Stock Units shall be settled upon 5 termination; (ii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for Cause, then all unexercised Options and SARs, unvested portions of Stock Units and unvested portions of Stock Grants shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration; (iii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for any reason other than for Cause, death, or Disability, then the vested portion of his or her Options and/or SARs may be exercised by such Participant or his or her personal representative within three months after the date of such termination; or (iv) if the Service of a Participant is terminated due to death or Disability, the vested portion of his or her Options and/or SARs may be exercised within eighteen months after the date of termination of Service. (h) Director Fees. Each Director may elect to receive a Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Plan in lieu of payment of a portion of his or her regular annual retainer, additional retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board, or other cash fees based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date any such retainers or cash fees would otherwise be paid. Such an election may be for any dollar or percentage amount specified by the Company (up to a limit of 100% of the Director’s retainers or cash fees). The election must be made prior to the beginning of the annual board of directors cycle which shall be any twelve month continuous period designated by the Board. Any amount of the retainers or cash fees that is not elected to be received as a Stock Grant or Stock Unit shall be payable in cash in accordance with the Company’s standard payment procedures. Shares granted under this Section 4(h) shall otherwise be subject to the terms of the Plan applicable to Directors or to Participants generally (other than provisions specifically applying only to Employees). (i) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. No dividends may be paid to a Participant with respect to an Award prior to the vesting of such Award. An Award other than Option or SAR may provide for dividends or dividend equivalents to accrue on behalf of a Participant as of each dividend payment date during the period between the date the Award is granted and the date the Award is exercised, vested, expired, credited or paid, and to be converted to vested cash or Shares at the same time and in all events subject to the same restrictions and risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the Award with respect to which such dividend or dividend equivalents have been credited and shall not be paid until and unless the underlying Award vests. For the avoidance of doubt, no dividend or dividend equivalent rights shall be granted with respect to Options or SARs. SECTION 5. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN AND SHARE LIMITS . (a) Basic Limitations. The stock issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued Shares. The aggregate number of Shares reserved for Awards under the Plan shall not exceed 928,040,000 Shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. Shares issued as Stock Grants, pursuant to Stock Units or pursuant to the settlement of dividend equivalents will count against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan as 1.5 Shares for every 1 Share issued in connection with the Award or dividend equivalent. (b) Additional Shares. If Awards are forfeited or are terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, then the Shares underlying such Awards, plus the number of additional Shares, if any, that counted against Shares available for issuance under the Plan in respect thereof at the time of Grant, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan. If a Previous Plan Award is forfeited or is terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, then the Shares underlying such Previous Plan Award shall again become available for Awards under this Plan. SARs shall be counted in full against the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, regardless of the number of Shares issued upon settlement of the SARs. In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an Award other than an Option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then the Shares so withheld, plus the number of additional Shares, if any, that counted against Shares available for issuance under the Plan in respect thereof at the time of Grant, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan. In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an Option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then the Shares so withheld shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan. In addition, Shares that are exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company as full or partial payment in connection with the exercise or settlement of an Option or SAR shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan and Shares repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an Option exercise shall not again be made available for issuance under the Plan. (c) Dividend Equivalents. Any dividend equivalents settled in Shares under the Plan shall be applied against the number of Shares available for Awards. (d) Share Limits. 6 (i) Limits on Options . Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Options to purchase Shares during any Fiscal Year covering in excess of 5,000,000 Shares and the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued in connection with ISOs shall be 928,040,000 Shares. (ii) Limits on SARs . Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Awards of SARs during any Fiscal Year covering in excess of 5,000,000 Shares and the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued in connection with SARs shall be 928,040,000 Shares. (iii) Limits on Stock Grants and Stock Units . Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Stock Grants or Stock Units during any Fiscal Year covering, in the aggregate, in excess of 5,000,000 Shares. (iv) Limits on Awards to Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the maximum value of Awards granted under the Plan during a Fiscal Year to a Director for services on the Board, taken together with any cash fees paid by the Company to such Director during such Fiscal Year for services on the Board, shall not exceed $800,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards under applicable financial accounting standards), including for this purpose the value of any Awards that are received in lieu of payment of all or a portion of his or her regular annual retainer, additional retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board, or other cash fees (such as Awards received pursuant to an election under Section 4(h)). For the avoidance of doubt, neither Awards granted or compensation paid to a Director for services as an Employee or Consultant nor any amounts paid to a Director as a reimbursement of an expense shall count against the foregoing limitation. SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS . (a) Stock Option Agreement. Each Grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in a Stock Option Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify whether the Option is an ISO or an NSO. (b) Number of Shares. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Shares that are subject to the Option and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. (c) Exercise Price. An Option’s Exercise Price shall be established by the Committee and set forth in a Stock Option Agreement. The Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value (110% for ISO grants to 10-Percent Stockholders) on the date of Grant. (d) Exercisability and Term. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to become exercisable. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option; provided that the term of an Option shall in no event exceed ten years from the date of Grant. Unless the applicable Stock Option Agreement provides otherwise, each Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the Option upon completion of one year of Service measured from the vesting commencement date, the balance of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest and become exercisable in equal installments upon completion of each month of Service thereafter, and the term of the Option shall be ten years from the date of Grant. A Stock Option Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant’s death, Disability, or other events. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Option can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and no Option may provide that, upon exercise of the Option, a new Option will automatically be granted. (e) Modifications or Assumption of Options. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding options (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Options for the same or a different number of Shares, at the same or a different Exercise Price, and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not outstanding Options unless there is approval by the Company stockholders and, unless a modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule, such modification of an Option shall not, without the consent of the Optionee, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Option. 7 (f) Assignment or Transfer of Options. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no Option shall be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event may an Option be transferred for value and any Option transferred in accordance with a Stock Option Agreement, if permitted, shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Option immediately before the transfer. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee or by the guardian or legal representative of the Optionee. No Option or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Optionee during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. SECTION 7. PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES . The entire Exercise Price of Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash at the time when such Shares are purchased, except as follows and if so provided for in an applicable Stock Option Agreement: (i) Surrender of Stock. Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price or Options may be made with Shares which have already been owned by the Optionee; provided that the Committee may, in its sole discretion, require that Shares tendered for payment be previously held by the Optionee for a minimum duration. Such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value. (ii) Cashless Exercise. Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made through Cashless Exercise at the Committee's sole discretion. (iii) Other Forms of Payment. Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules and approved by the Committee. In the case of an ISO granted under the Plan, payment shall be made only pursuant to the express provisions of the applicable Stock Option Agreement. The Stock Option Agreement may specify that payment may be made in any form(s) described in this Section 7. In the case of an NSO granted under the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion at any time, accept payment in any form(s) described in this Section 7. SECTION 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . (a) SAR Agreement. Each Grant of a SAR under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a SAR Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in a SAR Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). A SAR Agreement may provide for a maximum limit on the amount of any payout notwithstanding the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the SAR. The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. SARs may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the Participant’s compensation. (b) Number of Shares. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the SAR pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. (c) Exercise Price. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price which shall be established by the Committee. The Exercise Price of a SAR shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of Grant. (d) Exercisability and Term. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become exercisable. The SAR Agreement shall also specify the term of the SAR which shall not exceed ten years from the date of Grant. Unless the applicable SAR Agreement provides otherwise, each SAR shall vest and become exercisable with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the SAR upon completion of one year of Service measured from the vesting commencement date, the balance of the Shares subject to the SAR shall vest and become exercisable in equal installments upon completion of each month of Service thereafter, and the term of the SAR shall be ten years from the date of Grant. A SAR Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant’s death, Disability, or other events. SARs may be awarded in combination with Options or Stock Grants, and such an Award shall provide that the SARs will not be exercisable unless the related Options or Stock Grants are forfeited. A SAR may be included in an ISO only at the time of Grant but may be included in an NSO at the time of Grant or at any subsequent time, but not later 8 than six months before the expiration of such NSO. No SAR may provide that, upon exercise of the SAR, a new SAR will automatically be granted. (e) Exercise of SARs. If, on the date when a SAR expires, the Exercise Price under such SAR is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such SAR has not been exercised or surrendered, then such SAR shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion. Upon exercise of a SAR, the Participant (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR) shall receive from the Company (i) Shares, (ii) cash or (iii) any combination of Shares and cash, as the Committee shall determine at the time of Grant of the SAR, in its sole discretion. The amount of cash and/or the Fair Market Value of Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, be equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of exercise) of the Shares subject to the SARs exceeds the Exercise Price of those Shares. (f) Modification or Assumption of SARs. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding stock appreciation rights or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock appreciation rights (including stock appreciation rights granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new SARs for the same or a different number of Shares, at the same or a different Exercise Price, and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not outstanding SARs unless there is approval by the Company stockholders and, unless a modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule, such modification of a SAR shall not, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such SAR. (g) Assignment or Transfer of SARs. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no SAR shall be transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event may a SAR be transferred for value and any SAR transferred in accordance with a SAR Agreement, if permitted, shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the SAR immediately before the transfer. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement, a SAR may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or by the guardian or legal representative of the Participant. No SAR or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Participant during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. SECTION 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STOCK GRANTS . (a) Amount and Form of Awards. Awards under this Section 9 may be granted in the form of a Stock Grant. Each Stock Grant Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Grant pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. A Stock Grant may also be awarded in combination with NSOs, and such an Award may provide that the Stock Grant will be forfeited in the event that the related NSOs are exercised. (b) Stock Grant Agreement. Each Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Grant Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Each Stock Grant shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). The provisions of the various Stock Grant Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (c) Payment for Stock Grants. Stock Grants may be issued with or without cash consideration or any other form of legally permissible consideration approved by the Committee. (d) Vesting Conditions. Each Stock Grant may or may not be subject to vesting. Any such vesting provision may provide that Shares shall vest based on Service over time or shall vest, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of performance conditions specified in the Stock Grant Agreement which may include Performance Goals pursuant to Section 4(e). Unless the applicable Stock Grant Agreement provides otherwise, each Stock Grant shall vest with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the Stock Grant upon completion of each year of Service on each of the first through fifth annual anniversaries of the vesting commencement date. A Stock Grant Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant’s death, Disability, or other events. (e) Assignment or Transfer of Stock Grants. Except as provided in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor’s process, 9 whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Section 9(e) shall be void. However, this Section 9(e) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested outstanding Stock Grant Awards in the event of the Participant’s death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Stock Grant Awards by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. (f) Voting and Dividend Rights. Subject to Section 4(i), the holder of a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company’s other stockholders, except that in the case of any unvested Shares that are subject to the Stock Grant, the holder shall not be entitled to any dividends and other distributions paid or distributed by the Company on the equivalent number of vested Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the Committee’s discretion, the holder of unvested Shares may be credited with such dividends and other distributions, provided that such dividends and other distributions shall be paid or distributed to the Participant only if, when and to the extent such Shares vest. The value of dividends and other distributions payable or distributable with respect to any Shares that do not vest shall be forfeited. For the avoidance of doubt, other than with respect to the right to receive dividends and other distributions, the holders of unvested Shares shall have the same voting rights and other rights as the Company’s other stockholders in respect of such unvested Shares. (g) Modification or Assumption of Stock Grants. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding stock grants or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock grants (including stock granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Grants for the same or a different number of Shares and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not modify an outstanding Stock Grant such that the modification shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Stock Grant, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. SECTION 10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK UNITS . (a) Stock Unit Agreement. Each grant of Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Unit Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Unit Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). The provisions of the various Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. Stock Units may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the Participant’s other compensation. (b) Number of Shares. Each Stock Unit Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Unit Grant pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. (c) Payment for Stock Units. Stock Units shall be issued without consideration. (d) Vesting Conditions. Each Award of Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting. Any such vesting provision may provide that Shares shall vest based on Service over time or shall vest, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of performance conditions specified in the Stock Unit Agreement which may include Performance Goals pursuant to Section 4(e). Unless the applicable Stock Unit Agreement provides otherwise, each Stock Unit shall vest with respect to 20% of the Shares subject to the Stock Unit upon completion of each year of Service on each of the first through fifth annual anniversaries of the vesting commencement date. A Stock Unit Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant’s death, Disability, or other events. (e) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holders of Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, any Stock Unit awarded under the Plan may, at the Committee’s discretion and subject to Section 4(i), carry with it a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all dividends and other distributions (whether in cash or other property) paid on one Share while the Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Shares, or in a combination of both. Dividend equivalents shall not be distributed prior to settlement of the Stock Unit to which the dividend equivalents pertain. Prior to distribution, any dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions (including, without limitation, any forfeiture conditions) as the Stock Units to which they attach. The value of dividend equivalents payable or distributable with respect to Stock Units that do not vest shall be forfeited. 10 (f) Form and Time of Settlement of Stock Units. Settlement of vested Stock Units may be made in the form of (a) cash, (b) Shares or (c) any combination of both, as determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of the Stock Units, in its sole discretion. Methods of converting Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average Fair Market Value of Shares over a series of trading days. Vested Stock Units may be settled in a lump sum or in installments. The distribution may occur or commence when the vesting conditions applicable to the Stock Units have been satisfied or have lapsed, or it may be deferred, in accordance with applicable law, to any later date. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until an Award of Stock Units is settled, the number of such Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. (g) Creditors’ Rights. A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Unit Agreement. (h) Modification or Assumption of Stock Units. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding stock units or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock units (including stock units granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Units for the same or a different number of Shares and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not modify an outstanding Stock Unit such that the modification shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Stock Unit, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. (i) Assignment or Transfer of Stock Units. Except as provided in the applicable Stock Unit Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor’s process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Section 10(i) shall be void. However, this Section 10(i) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any outstanding vested Stock Units in the event of the Participant’s death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Stock Units by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. SECTION 11. PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION . (a) Adjustments. In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a recapitalization, a or a similar occurrence, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments to the following: (i) the number of Shares and the kind of shares or securities available for future Awards under Section 5; (ii) the limits on Awards specified in Section 5; (iii) the number of Shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by each outstanding Award; or (iv) the Exercise Price under each outstanding SAR or Option. (b) Participant Rights. Except as provided in this Section 11, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issue by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. If by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 11 a Participant’s Award covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares and the Award in respect thereof shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Award and the Shares subject to the Award prior to such adjustment. (c) Fractional Shares. Any adjustment of Shares pursuant to this Section 11 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares. Under no circumstances shall the Company be required to authorize or issue fractional shares and no consideration shall be provided as a result of any fractional shares not being issued or authorized. 11 SECTION 12. EFFECT OF A CORPORATE TRANSACTION . (a) Corporate Transaction. In the event that the Company is a party to a Corporate Transaction, outstanding Awards shall be subject to the applicable agreement of merger, reorganization, or sale of assets. Such agreement may provide, without limitation, for the assumption or substitution of outstanding Options, SARs, or Stock Units by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the assumption of outstanding Stock Grant Agreements by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the replacement of outstanding Options, SARs, and Stock Units with a cash incentive program of the surviving corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested portions of such outstanding Awards at the time of the transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting provisions applicable to those Awards, for accelerated vesting of outstanding Awards, or for the cancellation of outstanding Options, SARs, and Stock Units, with or without consideration, in all cases without the consent of the Participant. (b) Acceleration. The Committee may determine, at the time of grant of an Award or thereafter, that such Award shall become fully vested as to all Shares subject to such Award in the event that a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control occurs. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award agreement, in the event that a Corporate Transaction occurs and any outstanding Options, SARs or Stock Units are not assumed, substituted, or replaced with a cash incentive program pursuant to Section 12(a) or any outstanding Stock Grant Agreements are not assumed pursuant to Section 12(a), then such Awards shall fully vest and be fully exercisable immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction. Immediately following the consummation of a Corporate Transaction, all outstanding Options, SARs and Stock Units shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent that they are assumed by the surviving corporation or its parent. (c) Dissolution. To the extent not previously exercised or settled, Options, SARs and Stock Units shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. SECTION 13. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS . (a) No Entitlements. A Participant’s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with any Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the individual to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting an Award under the Plan, a Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and/or grant any additional Awards. Any Award granted hereunder is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of a Participant’s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a Participant’s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain an employee, consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the Service of any person at any time, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and such terminated person shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and/or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. (b) Stockholders’ Rights. A Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by his or her Award prior to the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such Shares are issued, except as expressly provided in Section 11. (c) Regulatory Requirements. Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Shares or other securities under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Shares or other securities pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Shares or other securities, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. 12 SECTION 14. WITHHOLDING TAXES . (a) General. A Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with his or her Award. The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. (b) Share Withholding. If a public market for the Company’s Shares exists, the Committee may permit a Participant to satisfy all or part of his or her withholding or income tax obligations by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering or attesting to all or a portion of any Shares that he or she previously acquired. Such Shares shall be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value as of the previous day. Any payment of taxes by assigning Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any restrictions required by rules of the SEC. The Committee may, in its discretion, also permit a Participant to satisfy withholding or income tax obligations related to an Award through Cashless Exercise or through a sale of Shares underlying the Award. SECTION 15. DURATION AND AMENDMENTS . (a) Term of the Plan. To the extent the Board approves an amendment to the Plan that requires stockholder approval, the amendment to the Plan shall become effective upon its approval by Company stockholders. The Plan shall terminate at the Company’s 2030 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and may be terminated on any earlier date pursuant to this Section 15. (b) Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan. The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. The termination of the Plan, or any amendment thereof, shall not impair the rights or obligations of any Participant under any Award previously granted under the Plan without the Participant’s consent, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the Plan’s termination. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company’s stockholders only to the extent such approval is otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or rules. 13 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. NOTICE OF GRANT OF STOCK OPTION Notice is hereby given of the following option grant (the “Option”) made to purchase shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the “Company”) common stock: Optionee: Grant Date: Type of Option: Nonstatutory Stock Option Grant Number: Number of Option Shares: shares Exercise Price: $ per share First Vest Date: Expiration Date: Exercise Schedule . So long as Optionee’s Service continues, the Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to (i) ______ (__%) of the option shares, as set forth above (the “Option Shares”) on the First Vest Date as set forth above and (ii) the balance of the Option Shares in ________________ installments upon Optionee’s completion of each additional _______ of Service over the _____________ period measured from the First Vest Date. In no event shall the Option vest and become exercisable for any additional Option Shares after Optionee’s cessation of Service. Should Optionee request a reduction to his or her work commitment to less than thirty (30) hours per week, then the Company shall have the right to extend the period over which the Option shall thereafter vest and become exercisable for the Option Shares during the remainder of the Option term to the extent permitted under local law. In no event shall any extension of the exercise schedule, as set forth above (“Exercise Schedule”) for the Option Shares result in the extension of the expiration date, as set forth above, (“Expiration Date”) of the Option. Optionee understands and agrees that the Option is offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). Optionee further agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and the terms of the Option as set forth in the Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”) attached hereto. No Employment or Service Contract . Nothing in this Notice or in the attached Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Optionee any right to continue in Service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee) or of Optionee, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Optionee’s Service at any time for any reason, with or without cause to the extent permissible under local law. Definitions . All capitalized terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Notice, the attached Agreement or the Plan. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Recitals A. The Board has adopted the Plan for the purpose of retaining the services of selected Employees, members of the Board and Consultants. B. Optionee is to render valuable services to the Company (or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and this Agreement is executed pursuant to, and is intended to carry out the purposes of, the Plan in connection with the Company’s grant of an option to Optionee. C. All capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Agreement, the attached Notice of Grant of Stock Option (the “Notice”), or the Plan. NOW, THEREFORE , as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and exercise of this Option and Optionee’s receipt of any Option Shares or any related benefit thereunder, it is hereby agreed as follows: 1. Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to Optionee, and Optionee hereby accepts from the Company, as of the grant date, as set forth in the Notice, (the “Grant Date”) an option to purchase up to the number of Option Shares specified in the Notice. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) this Option, or by otherwise receiving this Option, Option Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, the Optionee acknowledges that this Option and any Option Shares issued hereunder and the Optionee’s participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and the Optionee agrees to such terms and conditions. The Option Shares shall be purchasable from time to time during the Option term specified in Paragraph 2 at the Exercise Price specified in the Notice . 2. Option Term . This Option shall have a maximum term of __________ years [not to exceed (10) years] measured from the Grant Date and shall accordingly expire at the close of business on the Expiration Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 4, 5 or 6. 3. . This Option shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor’s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should the Optionee die while holding this Option, then this Option shall be transferred in accordance with Optionee’s will or the laws of descent and distribution. 4. Dates of Exercise . This Option shall vest and become exercisable for the Option Shares in one or more installments as specified in the Notice. As the Option becomes exercisable for such installments, those installments shall accumulate and the Option shall remain exercisable for the accumulated installments until the Expiration Date or sooner termination of the Option term under Paragraph 5 or 6. As an administrative matter, the exercisable portion of this Option may only be exercised until the close of the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the Expiration Date or the earlier termination date under Paragraph 5 or 6 or, if such date is not a trading day on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the last trading day before such date. Any later attempt to exercise this Option will not be honored. For example, if Optionee ceases to remain in Service as provided in Paragraph 5(i) and the date three (3) months from the date of cessation is Monday, July 4 (a holiday on which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is closed), Optionee must exercise the exercisable portion of this Option by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Friday, July 1. 5. Cessation of Service . The Option term specified in Paragraph 2 shall terminate (and this Option shall cease to be outstanding) prior to the Expiration Date should any of the following provisions become applicable: (i) Should Optionee cease to remain in Service for any reason (other than death, Disability or Cause and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) while this Option is outstanding, then Optionee shall have a period of three (3) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of Service) during which to exercise this Option, but in no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. (ii) If Optionee dies while this Option is outstanding, then the Optionee’s designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary was designated or properly designated or, if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, the Optionee’s estate (to the extent reasonably determinable) or other individual or entity entitled to receive the Option under applicable local law shall have the right to exercise this Option. Such right shall lapse, and this Option shall cease to be outstanding, upon the earlier of (A) the expiration of the eighteen (18) month period measured from the date of Optionee’s death or (B) the Expiration Date. Optionee may only make a beneficiary designation with respect to this Option if the Company has approved a process or procedure for such beneficiary designation for the local jurisdiction within which Optionee performs services for the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. If no such beneficiary designation process or procedure has been approved by the Company, then, in the event of Optionee’s death, this Option may only be exercised by the Optionee’s estate (to the extent reasonably determinable) or other individual or entity entitled to receive the Option under applicable local law. (iii) Should Optionee cease Service by reason of Disability while this Option is outstanding, then Optionee shall have a period of eighteen (18) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of Service) during which to exercise this Option, but in no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. (iv) During the limited period of exercisability, this Option may not be exercised in the aggregate for more than the number of vested Option Shares for which the Option is exercisable at the date the Optionee ceases to actively provide Service (not extended by any notice period mandated under local law). Upon the expiration of such limited exercise period or (if earlier) upon the Expiration Date, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding for any vested Option Shares for which the Option has not been exercised. However, this Option shall, immediately as of the date the Optionee ceases to actively provide Service for any reason, terminate and cease to be outstanding with respect to any Option Shares in which Optionee is not otherwise at that time vested or for which this Option is not otherwise at that time exercisable. (v) Should Optionee’s Service be terminated for Cause or should Optionee otherwise engage in activities constituting Cause while this Option is outstanding, then this Option shall terminate immediately and cease to remain outstanding. In the event Optionee’s Service is suspended pending an investigation of whether Optionee’s Service will be terminated for Cause, all Optionee’s rights under the Option, including the right to exercise the Option, shall be suspended during the investigation period. (vi) For purposes of this Paragraph 5, in the event of Optionee’s cessation of Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or providing Service, or the terms of Optionee's employment or service agreement, if any), Optionee’s right to receive additional options or to vest in the Option will end as of the date the Optionee is no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law ( e.g ., active Service would not include any period of “garden leave” or similar period pursuant to local law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when an Optionee is no longer actively providing Service for purposes of this Option. 6. Special Acceleration of Option . (a) This Option, to the extent outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction but not otherwise fully vested and exercisable, shall automatically accelerate so that this Option shall, immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, become vested and exercisable for all of the Option Shares at the time subject to this Option and may be exercised for any or all of those Option Shares as Shares. No such acceleration of this Option, however, shall occur if and to the extent: (i) this Option is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with a comparable option to purchase shares of the capital stock of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) this Option is replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested Option Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction (the excess of the Fair Market Value of those Option Shares over the aggregate Exercise Price payable for such Shares) and provides for subsequent in accordance with the same Exercise Schedule set forth in the Notice. The determination of option comparability under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. (c) If this Option is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by the Option and the Exercise Price immediately after such Corporate Transaction, provided the aggregate Exercise Price shall remain the same. (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 7. Adjustment in Option Shares . In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a recapitalization, a or a similar occurrence, appropriate adjustments shall be made to (i) the total number and/or kind of shares or securities subject to this Option and (ii) the Exercise Price in order to reflect such change and thereby preclude a dilution or enlargement of benefits hereunder. 8. Shareholder Rights . The holder of this Option shall not have any shareholder rights with respect to the Option Shares until such person shall have exercised the Option, paid the Exercise Price and become a holder of record of the purchased Shares. 9. Manner of Exercising Option . (a) In order to exercise this Option with respect to all or any part of the Option Shares for which this Option is at the time exercisable, Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) must take the following actions: (i) Pay the aggregate Exercise Price for the purchased Shares in one or more of the following forms: (A) cash or check which, in the Company’s sole discretion, shall be made payable to a brokerage firm or the Company; and (B) as permitted by applicable law, through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) shall concurrently provide irrevocable written instructions (I) to a brokerage firm (or in the case of an executive officer or Board member of the Company, an brokerage firm) to effect the immediate sale of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the purchased Shares plus, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy any Items (as defined in Paragraph 10 of this Agreement) and (II) to the Company to deliver the purchased Shares directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction. (ii) Furnish to the Company appropriate documentation that the person or persons exercising the Option (if other than Optionee) have the right to exercise this Option. (iii) Make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee) for the satisfaction of all withholding or other obligations related to Items applicable to the Option grant, vesting, exercise or the sale of Shares, as applicable. (b) As soon as practical after the exercise date, the Company shall issue to or on behalf of Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising this Option) the purchased Option Shares, (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), subject to the appropriate legends and/or stop transfer instructions. (c) In no event may this Option be exercised for any fractional Shares. (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement to the contrary, if at the time this Option is exercised, Optionee is indebted to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) for any reason, the following actions shall be taken, as deemed appropriate by the Committee: (i) any Shares to be issued upon such exercise shall automatically be pledged against Optionee’s outstanding indebtedness; and (ii) if this Option is exercised in accordance with subparagraph 9(a)(i)(B) above, the after tax proceeds of the sale of Optionee’s Shares shall automatically be applied to the outstanding balance of Optionee’s indebtedness. 10. Responsibility for Taxes . (a) Regardless of any action taken by the Company or Optionee's employer (the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other items related to Optionee's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Optionee (“ Items”) is and remains Optionee's responsibility. Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Optionee’s liability for Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Optionee becomes subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction, Optionee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Items in more than one jurisdiction. (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Option, Optionee agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable Items of the Company and/or the Employer that arise in connection with the Option. In this regard, Optionee authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Items by one or a combination of the following: (1) withholding all applicable Items from Optionee’s wages or other cash compensation paid to Optionee by the Company and/or the Employer; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale (specifically including where this Option is exercised in accordance with subparagraph 9(a)(i)(B) above) or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Optionee’s behalf pursuant to this authorization); or (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon exercise of the Option. (c) Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. If the obligation for Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Optionee is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Items. Optionee agrees to provide the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator with the information necessary to manage Optionee's Items withholding and acknowledges that should Optionee fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and/or its stock plan broker/administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from Optionee and it may be necessary for Optionee to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. (d) Finally, Optionee must pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Optionee’s participation in the Plan or Optionee’s purchase of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of the Shares if Optionee fails to comply with Optionee’s obligations in connection with the Items as described in this Paragraph. 11. Tax and Legal Advice . Optionee represents, warrants and acknowledges that neither the Company nor Optionee’s Employer have made any warranties or representations to Optionee with respect to any Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Optionee is in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company’s or the Employer’s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS OPTION ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT OPTIONEE’S PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR 

[truncated]