Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 51 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 53 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 104 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 104 Item 9B. Other Information 104 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 104 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 105 Item 11. Executive Compensation 105 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 105 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 105 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 105 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 105 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 107 Signatures 108 Table of Contents This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” contains statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “momentum,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “continues,” “endeavors,” “strives,” “may,” variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are statements. Readers are cautioned that these statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any statements for any reason. PART I Item 1. Business General Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that help to power, secure, and draw insights from the Internet. We are integrating artificial intelligence (AI) into our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration and observability to simplify how our technology is delivered, managed and optimized and to help customers maximize the business value of their technology investments and accelerate their digital transformation. We conduct our business globally and manage our business by geography. Our business is organized into the following three geographic segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC). Our products and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Networking, Security, Collaboration and Observability. In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of services offerings, including technical support services and advanced services, also known as lifecycle services. Our customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, governments, and service providers, including large webscale providers. These customers often look to us as a strategic partner to help them use information technology (IT) to differentiate themselves and drive positive business outcomes. We were incorporated in California in 1984 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2021. Our headquarters are in San Jose, California. The mailing address of our headquarters is 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134-1706, and our telephone number at that location is (408) 526-4000. Our website is www.cisco.com. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at sec.gov: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information published on our website, or any other website referenced herein, is not incorporated into this report. Strategy and Priorities Across the globe, businesses and organizations of every size are leveraging Cisco technology to transform and drive better outcomes and experiences. We also help customers navigate emerging technological shifts. Our strategy is to securely connect everything to make those desired outcomes and experiences possible for our customers. In today’s dynamic environment, our customers have three key priorities: build modern and resilient infrastructure; protect against the cyber threats of today and tomorrow; and harness the power of AI and data. These customer priorities are central to how we innovate and develop our technology. First, we provide the underlying network connectivity for our customers, whether they are connecting traditional branch offices, data centers, smart grids, video devices, electric vehicles, or other devices. Second, we help protect those network connections and the underlying technology architecture against cyber threats. Third, through the visibility we have into data across the network, connected devices and applications, we provide context and insights to our customers about what is happening in their technology architecture, not only in their infrastructure and private data centers, but also their cloud infrastructure. Our ongoing innovation is delivered, managed and optimized through a combination of hardware, software and subscriptions, in line with the flexible consumption models our customers request. 1 Table of Contents Cisco can help customers connect, protect and draw actionable insights from their technology. We do this in service of delivering the digital resilience our customers need for today’s complex and unpredictable world. Customer Priorities Modernize Infrastructure In an increasingly digital and connected world, where each new connection to the Internet puts more demand on the network, our customers are looking to modernize and transform their infrastructure, including through automation to manage and monitor each connection in real time. We continue to transform our enterprise networking portfolio by bringing together several technologies to form an integrated architecture. Our vision is to build a unified management platform experience for and cloud operating models, that simplifies and helps secure networking for customers at scale. Our Observability offerings collect and process daily measurements from customers’ owned and unowned networks, providing automated insights, proactive recommendations, and operations tailored to customers to enable them to reduce mean time to resolution of issues and improve IT productivity and user experience. For the data center, our strategy is to deliver multicloud architectures that bring policy and operational consistency, regardless of where applications or data reside. We continue to make significant investments in the development of software, silicon and optics, which we believe are the building blocks for the internet for the future. As part of modernizing their infrastructure, customers of every size are also looking for solutions to help them communicate more effectively with their customers and to connect their employees more efficiently for productivity. Our collaboration portfolio, which includes interoperable devices and our cloud contact center, provides those solutions, and serves as a key component of smart buildings, powered over ethernet, that we believe will define the workplaces of the future. Improve Cybersecurity With the rapid growth in modern applications, architecture and increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, customers see cybersecurity as a top priority. Our differentiated security strategy is based on three pillars: moving from point solutions to a platform comprehensively integrated with the infrastructure; infusing security into the fabric of the network; and harnessing the depth and breadth of telemetry data from Cisco and with our acquisition of Splunk Inc. (“Splunk”) to prevent, detect, and respond to sophisticated attacks. Harness the Power of AI and Data AI represents a generational shift in technology and is driving an order of magnitude higher requirement for network connectivity. We provide network infrastructure to power AI training and inference workloads for both webscalers and enterprises. We help to scale our customers’ network infrastructure with routers and switches, improved network management, and optics. We are reinventing data center operations for our customers by simplifying the configuration, monitoring, and maintenance of fabrics, compute, networking and storage. We can help give customers visibility across the network, security solutions, applications and their own business data. With this breadth and scale of data, we can help deliver differentiated insights and context to customers, leading them to more informed proactive decisions and better business results. For a discussion of the risks associated with our Strategy and Priorities, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We depend upon the development of new products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer.” For information regarding sales of our major products and services, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 2 Table of Contents Products and Services Our products and services are grouped into the following categories: Networking Networking consists of our core networking technologies of switching, routing, wireless, and servers. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and (SaaS), that help our customers build networks, automate, modernize and transform their infrastructure. We believe it is critical for us to deliver continuous value to our customers. Our objective is to converge our solutions with our cloud managed solutions across our networking portfolio. Our Switching portfolio encompasses campus switching as well as data center switching offerings. Our campus switching offerings provide the foundation for converged data, voice, video, and Internet of Things (IoT) services. These switches offer enhanced security and reliability and are designed to scale efficiently as our customers grow. Within campus switching are our Catalyst 9000 series of switches that include hardware with embedded software, along with a software subscription referred to as Cisco DNA. Cisco DNA provides automation, analytics and security features and can be centrally monitored, managed, and configured. Also, within campus switching we have a range of Meraki switches for customers who prefer ease of management in environments. Our data center switching offerings, led by the Nexus 9000 series, provide the foundation for mission critical data centers with high availability, scalability, and security across traditional data centers and private and public cloud data centers. We continue to add greater visibility and analytics across our networks and applications, enabling us to deliver better experiences for our customers. Internet Infrastructure primarily consists of our routed optical networking solutions. We are focusing on transforming connectivity to the Internet and the cloud environment by efficiently meeting the growing demand for and higher speeds. Our routed optical networking systems and our pluggable optic solutions, allow us to transform the economics of building and operating networks for our service provider customers, including our webscale customers. Cisco Silicon One is our single, unified, and scalable networking silicon architecture which we have expanded from a solution to one which addresses the webscale switching market through the combination of its , , and characteristics. Our Cisco 8000 series routers, which are based on our Silicon One, provide broad capacity in designs, allowing our customers to reduce operational footprints, lower carbon emissions, and transition to more efficient network architectures. Our Enterprise Routing portfolio interconnects public and private wireline and mobile networks, delivering highly secure and reliable connectivity to campus, data center and branch networks. Our routing solutions are designed to meet the scale, reliability, and security needs of our large to small customers. Our Wireless portfolio provides indoor and outdoor wireless coverage designed for seamless roaming use of voice, video, and data applications. These products include wireless access points and controllers that are and cloud managed, and which, combined with our Switching portfolio, delivers a converged access solution that is powerful, yet simple. Security Security consists of our Network Security, Identity and Access Management, Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) and Threat Intelligence, Detection, and Response offerings. Security is a leading priority for our customers, regardless of size or industry. We continue to invest in resources across our security portfolio focused on offerings, threat detection and security architectures. Our Threat Intelligence, Detection, and Response offerings incorporate the technologies of Splunk to prevent, detect and respond to sophisticated cyber attacks. This product category includes the Splunk Platform and Splunk Security offerings after the acquisition of Splunk, although the Splunk Platform has use cases that can also be applicable for Observability offerings. With our acquisition of Splunk in the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we have begun to integrate our solutions, starting with Cisco Extended Detection and Response (XDR) and Splunk Enterprise Security. Additionally, we continue to invest in expanding our SASE architecture by delivering combined network and security functionality in a single service. Collaboration Collaboration consists of our Webex Suite, Collaboration Devices, Contact Center and Communication Platform as a Service (CPaaS) offerings. Our offerings within the Collaboration portfolio consist of software offerings, including perpetual licenses and subscription arrangements, as well as hardware. Our Collaboration strategy is to reimagine employee and customer experiences to be more inclusive and engaging by providing technology that enables distributed teams to collaborate effortlessly. We offer collaboration solutions that can be delivered from the cloud, or within hybrid cloud environments allowing customers to transition their collaboration solutions from to the cloud. AI and machine learning capabilities are embedded across the Webex portfolio to help improve productivity. Our CPaaS is a cloud 3 Table of Contents communications platform that integrates communication channels and existing business systems together to help enable the orchestration and automation of all customer and employee interactions. Observability Observability consists of our network assurance, monitoring and analytics and observability suite offerings. Our Observability offerings are designed to bring together and provide visibility of our customer’s environments across applications, networks, infrastructures and the Internet, to help deliver full stack observability for modern environments and drive relevant insights. These offerings enable organizations to see, understand, and improve every digital experience and assure seamless connectivity for their modern digital environments. Our network assurance offering, ThousandEyes, is a network intelligence platform that provides visibility into network and internet performance. Our Observability Suite offering, including Splunk Observability and AppDynamics, provides complete visibility across the full stack from infrastructure to applications as well as the digital customer experience. Services In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service and support options for our customers. Our support and maintenance services help our customers ensure their products operate efficiently, remain available, and benefit from the most system and application software. These services help customers protect their network investments, manage risk, and minimize downtime for systems running applications. We also provide comprehensive advisory services that are focused on responsive, preventive, and consultative support of our technologies for specific networking needs. We are investing in and expanding advisory services in the areas of software, cloud, security, and analytics, which reflects our strategy of selling customer outcomes. We are focused on three priorities: utilizing technology advisory services to drive higher product and services; assessment and migration services providing the tools, expertise and methodologies to enable our customers to migrate to new technology platforms; and providing optimization services aligned with customers’ business expectations. We are also embedding AI assistants and automated functions into our services to drive productivity. Customers and Markets Many factors influence the IT, collaboration, and networking requirements of our customers. These include the size of the organization, number and types of technology systems, geographic location, and business applications deployed throughout the customer’s network. Our customer base is not limited to any specific industry, geography, or market segment. Our customers primarily operate in the following markets: enterprise, public sector and service provider and cloud. Enterprise Enterprise includes businesses that are large regional, national, or global organizations with multiple locations or branch offices, or and small businesses. Many enterprise businesses have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a environment. Our and small business customers typically require the latest advanced technologies, but with less complexity. We offer service and support packages, financing, and managed network services, primarily through our service provider partners. We sell these products through a network of application and technology vendors and channel partners, as well as selling directly to these customers. Public Sector Public Sector includes federal, state and local governments, as well as educational institution customers. Many public sector customers have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a environment. We sell to public sector customers through a network of application and technology vendors and channel partners, as well as through direct sales. Service Provider and Cloud Service Provider and Cloud includes regional, national, and international wireline carriers and webscale operators, as well as internet, cable, and wireless providers. We also include media, broadcast, and content providers within this customer market, as the lines in the telecommunications industry continue to blur between traditional , and application-based services. This customer market offers data, voice, video, and mobile/wireless services to businesses, governments, utilities, and consumers worldwide. Service provider and cloud businesses use a variety of our products and services for their own networks. In addition, many service providers use Cisco data center, virtualization, and collaboration technologies to offer managed or services to their business customers. Compared with other customers, service providers are more likely to require network design, deployment, and support services because of the greater scale and higher complexity of their networks, whose requirements are addressed, we believe, by our architectural approach. 4 Table of Contents Sales Overview As of the end of fiscal 2024, our worldwide sales and marketing functions consisted of approximately 28,000 employees, including managers, sales representatives, and technical support personnel. We sell our products and services both directly and indirectly through a variety of channels with support from our sales workforce. A substantial portion of our products and services is sold indirectly through channel partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other resellers, and distributors. Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution. Some service providers are also systems integrators. Distributors may hold inventory and sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our system of sales to the end customer. Revenue from distributors is recognized based on a method. These distributors may be given business terms that allow them to return a limited portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, receive certain rebates, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. Our service offerings complement our products through a range of consulting, technical, project, quality, and software maintenance services, including 24-hour online and telephone support through technical assistance centers. For information regarding risks related to our sales channels, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors entitled “Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins” and “Inventory management relating to our sales to our distribution channel is complex, and excess inventory may harm our gross margins.” For information regarding risks relating to our international operations, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors entitled “Our operating results may be negatively impacted by unfavorable economic and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment;” “Entrance into new or developing markets exposes us to additional competition and will likely increase demands on our service and support operations;” “Due to the global nature of our operations, political or economic changes or other factors in a specific country or region could harm our operating results and financial condition;” “We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows;” and “Cyber attacks, data breaches or other incidents impacting our solutions and IT environment may disrupt our operations, harm our operating results and financial condition, and damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business; and cyber attacks, data breaches or other incidents on our customers’ or providers’ networks, or in products we use, could result in claims of liability against us, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business,” among others. Financing Arrangements We provide financing arrangements for certain qualified customers to build, maintain, and upgrade their networks. We believe customer financing is a competitive advantage in obtaining business, particularly for those customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our financing arrangements include loans, leases ( , direct financing and operating) and channel financing arrangements. Acquisitions, Investments, and Alliances The markets in which we compete require a wide variety of technologies, products, and capabilities. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire and invest in businesses and technologies that complement and enable further investment in our key priority areas. Acquisitions We acquire companies in order to gain access to talent, technology, products and features, operational capabilities or new markets. The risks associated with acquisitions are more fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.” Investments in Privately Held Companies We make investments in privately held companies that develop technology or provide services that are complementary to our products or that provide insights into emerging technologies that may become relevant to our businesses. The risks associated with these investments are more fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings.” 5 Table of Contents Strategic Alliances We pursue strategic alliances with other companies in areas where collaboration can produce industry advancement and accelerate new markets. The objectives and goals of a strategic alliance can include one or more of the following: technology exchange, product development, joint sales and marketing, or new market creation. The risks associated with our strategic alliances are more fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “If we do not successfully manage our strategic alliances, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances and we may experience increased competition or delays in product development.” Competition We compete in the networking and communications equipment markets, providing products and services designed to transport, and help secure data, voice, and video traffic across cloud, private and public networks and the Internet. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product areas, and in key priority areas. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have experienced competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we anticipate this will continue. Our competitors (in each case relative to only some of our products or services) include: Amazon Web Services LLC; Arista Networks, Inc.; Broadcom Inc.; Ciena Corporation; CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.; Datadog Inc.; Dell Technologies Inc.; Dynatrace Inc.; Fortinet, Inc.; Enterprise Company; Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.; Juniper Networks, Inc.; Microsoft Corporation; New Relic, Inc.; Nokia Corporation; Nvidia Corporation; Palo Alto Networks, Inc.; RingCentral, Inc.; Zoom Video Communications, Inc.; and Zscaler, Inc.; among others. Some of our competitors compete across many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and this trend may increase. For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing, networking, storage, and software, that previously were segregated. Additionally, companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future include the ability to sell successful business outcomes; the ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services; product performance; price; the ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and products with advantages; the ability to reduce production costs; the ability to provide features such as security, reliability, and investment protection; conformance to standards; market presence; the ability to provide financing; and disruptive technology shifts and new business models. We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. As such, we must cooperate and, at the same time, compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition and accordingly affect our chances of success. Research and Development We regularly introduce new products and features to address the requirements of our markets. We allocate our research and development budget among our product categories, which consist of Networking, Security, Collaboration, and Observability technologies. Our research and development expenditures are applied generally to all product areas, with specific areas of focus being identified from time to time. Our expenditures for research and development costs were expensed as incurred. The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving standards, changes in customer requirements, and new product introductions and enhancements. As a result, our success depends, in part, on our ability, on a and timely basis, to continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce new products that improve performance and reduce total cost of ownership. To achieve these objectives, our management and engineering personnel work with customers to identify and respond to customer needs, as well as with other innovators of internet networking products, including universities, laboratories, and corporations. We also expect to continue to make acquisitions and 6 Table of Contents strategic investments, where appropriate, to provide us with access to new technologies. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop products to address new customer requirements and technological changes or that those products will achieve market acceptance. Manufacturing We rely on contract manufacturers for our manufacturing needs. We presently use a variety of independent companies to provide services related to board assembly, test, product repair, and product assembly. Proprietary software in electronically programmable memory chips is used to configure products that meet customer requirements and to maintain quality control and security. The manufacturing process enables us to configure the hardware and software in unique combinations to meet a wide variety of individual customer requirements. The manufacturing process also uses automated testing equipment and procedures, as well as comprehensive inspection, testing, and statistical process controls, which are designed to help ensure the quality and reliability of our products. The manufacturing processes and procedures are generally certified to International Organization for Standardization 9001 standards. Our arrangements with contract manufacturers generally provide for quality, cost, and delivery requirements, as well as manufacturing process terms, such as inventory management; flexibility regarding capacity, quality, and cost management; oversight of manufacturing; and conditions for use of our intellectual property. We have not entered into any significant contracts with any contract manufacturers. We generally have the option to renew arrangements on an basis. These arrangements with contract manufacturers generally do not commit us to purchase any particular amount or any quantities beyond amounts covered by orders or forecasts that we submit covering discrete periods of time. Patents, Intellectual Property, and Licensing We seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our technology and products through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws. We have a program to file applications for and obtain patents, copyrights, and trademarks in the United States and in selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. We also seek to maintain our trade secrets and confidential information by nondisclosure policies and through the use of appropriate confidentiality agreements. We have obtained a substantial number of patents and trademarks in the United States and in other countries. There can be no assurance, however, that the rights obtained can be successfully enforced against infringing products in every jurisdiction. Although we believe the protection afforded by our patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets has value, the rapidly changing technology in the networking industry and uncertainties in the legal process make our future success dependent primarily on the innovative skills, technological expertise, and management abilities of our employees rather than on the protection afforded by patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws. Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, we believe, based upon past experience and standard industry practice, that such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis can limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. The industry in which we compete is characterized by rapidly changing technology, a large number of patents, and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that our patents and other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented; that others will not assert intellectual property rights to technologies that are relevant to us; or that our rights will give us a competitive advantage. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The risks associated with patents and intellectual property are more fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors entitled “Our proprietary rights may prove difficult to enforce,” “We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others,” and “We rely on the availability of licenses.” Government Regulation We are subject to numerous regulations and laws in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business. Many of these regulations and laws are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by courts and regulators, remain uncertain. These regulations and laws involve a variety of matters including privacy, data protection and personal information, cybersecurity, operational resilience, artificial intelligence, tax, trade, encryption technology, environmental sustainability (including climate change), human rights, product certification, and national security. 7 Table of Contents A failure, or alleged failure, by us to comply with regulations or laws could materially harm our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information about government regulation and laws applicable to our business, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “Our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed by evolving regulatory uncertainty or obligations applicable to our products and services” and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, subsection (f) “Legal Proceedings.” Talent and Culture At Cisco, we value our people and our technology, and we leverage our broader ecosystems to positively impact the world and pursue our purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All. Our goal is to attract, retain, and develop talent in order to help our customers connect and secure their infrastructure, and accelerate their digital agility. Our relationship with our employees is one of mutual benefit. Our employees bring talent and ingenuity to everything we do, and in turn, we provide employees with meaningful careers and development opportunities. Cisco is currently ranked #2 on the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® 2024 in the United States. Fortune and Great Place to Work have published their United States rankings since 1998, and Cisco has been recognized on every annual list. Cisco is currently #1 in the following 18 countries: Australia, Canada, Costa Rica, France, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Norway, Peru, Portugal, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. As of July 27, 2024, we had approximately 90,400 employees and they are categorized as follows: We support our employees through times of change and enable them to be their best. We do this by fostering a Conscious Culture. Conscious Culture speaks to the importance of everyone being aware — “conscious” — of the environment they are part of, and feeling accountable, empowered, and expected to contribute to creating a culture where all Cisco employees feel safe and can thrive. Conscious Culture encourages employees to be aware of how we treat one another and to speak up when we see behavior that’s out of step with our beliefs. We believe there is a direct connection between the culture we create internally and how our people are helping to bring about a better world. In the same way that every employee at Cisco is responsible for our Conscious Culture, we also want every employee to feel responsible for and contribute to our purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All. We believe this is as much a commitment from Cisco as it is from our employees. Our people often ask the toughest questions around how we are impacting society for the better, from addressing homelessness to combating climate change. And often the best ideas for how we can do even more come directly from them. Future employees expect it too. We recognize that talent increasingly wants to work for a company where their work has meaning and where they see their values reflected in the organization. Inclusion & Diversity Inclusion and diversity are core components in our Conscious Culture. Inclusivity is our strength and our priority. We want every employee to feel valued, respected, and heard. We are prioritizing inclusion and diversity across the company, recognizing that connecting people of all experiences and backgrounds allows us to improve innovation and collaboration. In order to continue accelerating diversity and finding extraordinary talent, we have designed a framework that includes introducing new tools and technologies to help accurately map the talent market, creating job roles that attract highly qualified diverse candidates, and expanding the diversity within our interview panels. We currently have a total of 31 Inclusive Communities supporting diversity globally, including gender, ethnicity, race, sexual orientation, age, ability, veteran status, religion, culture, background, as well as varied experiences, strengths, and perspectives. These thriving communities continue to be a source of strength and support for employees, and they help to foster a more Conscious Culture by providing opportunities for proximity and learning. 8 Table of Contents Cisco has signed the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Pledge. The CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Pledge is a pledge to drive measurable action and meaningful change in advancing diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace. We are delivering on these actions by accelerating diversity across the of diversity — including gender, age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, religion, veteran status, background, culture, experience, strengths and perspectives. At Cisco, it starts at the top: As of July 27, 2024, 36% of our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) are women and 43% are diverse in terms of gender or ethnicity. We publish certain gender diversity and ethnic diversity workforce data annually. Across our global company, we have driven broad improvements in overall workforce diversity. Based on our fiscal 2023 data, our global employee base was comprised of 29% women, 71% men and 0.1% nonbinary, and our U.S. employee base was comprised of the following ethnicities: 48.2% White/Caucasian, 33.5% Asian, 6.5% Hispanic/Latino, 5.6% African American/Black, 2.0% two or more races (not Hispanic or Latino), 0.3% American Indian or Alaska Native, 0.2% Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, and 3.7% prefer to not to disclose/unknown. With respect to social justice, Cisco has been partnering across the globe to scale and amplify our positive impact. We have published our Social Justice Beliefs & Actions, which is our blueprint for how we respond to injustice and address inequity for any community. We are creating actions that can be replicated and scaled and are designed to cover the full spectrum of diversity, inclusive of gender, generation, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, and background — which is the foundation of our Conscious Culture. This work is part of a plan for Cisco to drive transformational, generational impact for vulnerable communities. Our Social Justice Action Office helps drive accountability, progress, and excellence in our strategic actions in this area, which are designed to address the broader ecosystem including our employees, partners, customers, and suppliers. Compensation and Benefits Our total compensation philosophy is designed to attract, reward, and retain talent. It provides market competitive, performance-based compensation aligned with each employee’s contribution and impact to the value we drive to our customers, partners and stockholders. We reward and recognize our employees for effecting innovation, collaboration, profitability, and growth within our geographies, product lines, and functions. Cisco has always been committed to compensating our employees fairly and equitably. We are a founding signatory of the White House Equal Pay Pledge and the Parity.org pledge, and are a leader in the charge to make fair pay a reality for all employees through the Employers for Pay Equity Consortium. We have also introduced an innovative and inclusive framework that provides us powerful analytics to evaluate our complex compensation system. For example, by using these powerful analytics, we are able to test for pay parity on a regular basis, and when gaps are found, we strive to correct them. As part of our Social Justice Beliefs and Actions, we have expanded our pay parity program beyond base salary to include additional forms of compensation fairness such as promotion, bonuses, and stock decisions made in our rewards programs. We aim to ensure the program addresses all employees across the full spectrum of diversity incorporating our global data collection. Health & We have an ongoing commitment to focus on the health, safety, and of our employees. We seek to provide our employees and their families with , flexible, and convenient benefits and resources for their physical, mental, and financial . We strive to support our employees as they balance careers and personal lives, as well as their own physical, emotional, and financial health. We continue to emphasize a focus on both physical and mental health, recognizing the need to create an environment where employees can speak openly about mental health and other matters. We host ongoing discussions with our employees during the Cisco Beat and Cisco , our regular virtual meetings, and continue to emphasize our Safe to Talk program. We offer mindfulness courses, employee assistance program offerings, and provider benefits for substance abuse and mental health treatment, and more. In fiscal 2024, we continued to offer employees “A Day for Me,” which were paid days off that allowed for each individual to recharge and rest. We employ a hybrid work model in certain countries, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or at onsite Cisco locations. Employee Development We know careers are not static pathways that look the same for everyone. We also know that the world of work will continue to rapidly evolve, requiring new skillsets. At Cisco, we believe that your career is owned by you, supported by your leader, and enabled by Cisco. Cisco believes in learning, understanding that each individual knows best what skills and resources they need to succeed. This means that while each employee has the power to shape their career on their own terms, they also have a supportive ecosystem to develop the skills they need to succeed both today and tomorrow. We strive to 9 Table of Contents create a culture of “one company, many careers.” We provide our people with career strategies focused on areas we know determine a successful career at Cisco—personal brand, network, expertise, and experience—and have created customized offerings that map to each of them. Employee Engagement We believe that strong communication is key in our Conscious Culture. These communications include the Cisco Beat, which are regular meetings, and Cisco , which are meetings for important conversations, and weekly team leader , which we refer to as a “Team Space .” In fiscal 2024, we have seen a high level of employee engagement. As an example, there were approximately 2.3 million Team Space by our employees in fiscal 2024, reflecting approximately 70,300 employees (excludes employees who recently joined Cisco during fiscal 2024 through the Splunk acquisition) submitting Team Space . Employees also participate in our global Engagement Pulse Survey and the Real Deal Survey. These surveys allow our employees to provide confidential feedback on our culture, company strategy and trust in their direct leaders. Purpose Report and ESG Reporting Hub Additional information regarding Cisco’s ESG initiatives and progress can be found in our annual Purpose Report and on our ESG Reporting Hub at https://www.cisco.com/go/ . The contents of our Purpose Report, our ESG Reporting Hub and related supplemental information are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 10 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers The following table shows the name, age, and position as of August 31, 2024 of each of our executive officers: Name Age Position with the Company Charles H. Robbins 58 Chair and Chief Executive Officer R. Scott Herren 62 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gary Steele 62 President, Deborah L. Stahlkopf 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Thimaya Subaiya 46 Executive Vice President, Operations Mr. Robbins serves as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2015, as a member of the Board of Directors since May 2015, and as Chair of the Board since December 2017. Mr. Robbins joined Cisco in December 1997, from which time until March 2002 he held a number of managerial positions within Cisco’s sales organization. Mr. Robbins was promoted to Vice President in March 2002, assuming leadership of Cisco’s U.S. channel sales organization. Additionally, in July 2005, Mr. Robbins assumed leadership of Cisco’s Canada channel sales organization. In December 2007, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, and, in August 2009 he was appointed Senior Vice President, U.S. Enterprise, Commercial and Canada. In July 2011, Mr. Robbins was named Senior Vice President, Americas. In October 2012, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, in which position he served until assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Robbins is also a member of the board of directors of BlackRock, Inc. (since 2017). Mr. Herren joined Cisco in December 2020 and serves as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Herren served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Autodesk, Inc. (“Autodesk”) since November 2014. Prior to joining Autodesk, Mr. Herren served as Senior Vice President of Finance at Citrix Systems, Inc. (“Citrix”) from September 2011 to October 2014, and in a variety of other leadership roles after joining Citrix in March 2000, including as Vice President and Managing Director for EMEA and Vice President and General Manager of Citrix’s virtualization systems group. Before joining Citrix, Mr. Herren spent over 15 years in senior strategy and financial positions at FedEx Corporation and International Business Machines Corporation. Mr. Herren is a member of the board of directors of Rubrik, Inc. (since 2021). Mr. Steele joined Cisco in March 2024 and serves as our President, . Mr. Steele joined Cisco as Executive Vice President and General Manager, Splunk upon the close of Cisco’s acquisition of Splunk in March 2024, and was promoted to President, in May 2024. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Steele served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Splunk from April 2022 to March 2024. Prior to joining Splunk, Mr. Steele served as Chief Executive Officer of Proofpoint, Inc. from November 2002 to March 2022. From 1997 to 2002, Mr. Steele served as Chief Executive Officer of Portera Systems Inc. (“Portera”). Before Portera, Mr. Steele served as the Vice President and General Manager of the Middleware and Data Warehousing Product Group of Sybase, Inc. Mr. Steele also served in business development, marketing, and engineering roles at Sun Microsystems, Inc. and Company. Mr. Steele is a member of the board of directors of Upwork Inc. (since 2018). Ms. Stahlkopf joined Cisco in August 2021 and serves as our Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Cisco, Ms. Stahlkopf spent 14 years at Microsoft, where she served most recently as Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Corporate, External and Legal Affairs from April 2018 to July 2021. Ms. Stahlkopf also served in other leadership roles at Microsoft, including as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel from December 2015 to April 2018 and as Associate General Counsel from December 2010 to December 2015. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Stahlkopf practiced law at Perkins Coie LLP and Cooley Godward LLP. Ms. Stahlkopf is a member of the board of directors of NextEra Energy, Inc. (since 2023). Mr. Subaiya joined Cisco in July 2018 and serves as our Executive Vice President of Operations since March 2024. Previously, Mr. Subaiya served as Cisco’s Senior Vice President, Chief Transformation Officer from March 2023 to March 2024, as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Customer Experience from November 2021 to March 2023, and as Senior Vice President, Customer Experience Operations and Renewals from July 2018 to November 2021. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Subaiya spent 8 years at Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce”) where he served in a variety of leadership roles, including most recently as its Chief Operating Officer of Customer Success. Before joining Salesforce, Mr. Subaiya held various leadership roles in business development and global planning and strategy at Oracle Corporation. 11 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the statements contained in this report. Risks Related to our Business and Industry Our operations can be difficult to predict because our operating results may fluctuate in future periods. Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. These factors include: • Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to service providers and internet businesses, in part due to changes in the global economic environment • Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and associated revenue • Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments • Price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation and different business models from various geographic regions • The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers • The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, and our success in new and evolving markets, and in emerging technologies, as well as the adoption of new standards • Variations in sales channels, product costs, mix of products sold, or mix of direct sales and indirect sales • The timing, size, and mix of orders from customers • Manufacturing and customer lead times • Fluctuations in our gross margins, and the factors that contribute to such fluctuations • The ability of our customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers and suppliers to obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures, especially during a period of global credit market disruption or in the event of customer, channel partner, contract manufacturer or supplier financial problems • Actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the values of certain assets (including the amounts of related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements • How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring charges • Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions • Benefits anticipated from our investments • Changes in tax laws or accounting rules, or interpretations thereof As a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could materially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our operating results may be negatively impacted by unfavorable economic and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment. Challenging economic conditions, including rising inflation, or other changes, worldwide have from time to time contributed, and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the communications and networking industries at large, as well as in specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in: reduced demand for our products as a result of continued constraints on capital spending by our customers, particularly service provider and cloud as well as enterprise and other customer markets; increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors but also as a consequence of customers disposing of unutilized products; risk of excess and obsolete inventories; risk of supply constraints; risk of excess facilities and manufacturing capacity; and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense. The global macroeconomic environment can be challenging and inconsistent. In certain prior periods, we have seen a weakening in the global macroeconomic environment which has impacted and could impact in the future certain of our markets. Additionally, instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary 12 Table of Contents policy, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the Russia and Ukraine war, the war, and relations), the current economic challenges in China, including global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties, and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, were to deteriorate, we may experience material harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. In addition, reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of the U.S. government could affect customers’ perception of the products of IT companies which design and manufacture products in the United States. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier are critical to the development and growth of our markets. Impairment of that trust, or foreign regulatory actions taken in response to reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of the U.S. government, could affect the demand for our products from customers outside of the United States and could have a negative impact on our operating results. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results. As a result of a variety of factors discussed in this report, our revenue for a particular quarter is difficult to predict, which can be exacerbated during periods when the global macroenvironment is challenging and inconsistent and can result in market uncertainty. Our revenue may grow at a slower rate than in past periods, or decline as it did in fiscal 2024 and certain prior periods on a basis. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be negatively impacted if the nonlinear sales pattern seen in some of our past quarters recurs in future periods. During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, we experienced a decline in product demand resulting in a decrease of revenue as customers continued to scrutinize spend as they needed additional time to implement elevated levels of product shipments received in prior quarters. We have also experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. In addition to making it difficult to predict revenue for a particular period, nonlinearity in shipping can increase costs, because irregular shipment patterns result in periods of underutilized capacity and periods in which overtime expenses may be incurred, as well as in potential additional inventory costs. In addition, to the extent that manufacturing issues and any related component shortages result in delayed shipments in the future, and particularly in periods in which our contract manufacturers are operating at higher levels of capacity, it is possible that revenue for a quarter could be negatively impacted if such matters occur and are not remediated within the same quarter. The timing of large orders can also have a significant impact on our business and operating results from quarter to quarter. From time to time, we receive large orders that have a significant effect on our operating results in the period in which the order is recognized as revenue. The timing of such orders is difficult to predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such orders may affect period to period changes in revenue. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on the receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. Longer than normal manufacturing lead times in the past have caused, and in the future could cause, some customers to place the same or a similar order multiple times within our various sales channels and to cancel the duplicative orders upon shipment or receipt of the product, or to also place orders with other vendors with shorter manufacturing lead times. Such multiple ordering (along with other factors) or risk of order cancellation may cause difficulty in predicting our revenue. Further, our efforts to improve manufacturing performance may result in more variability and less predictability in our revenue and operating results. In addition, when facing component challenges, we have in the past and may in the future increase our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contributes to an increase in inventory and purchase commitments. These increases in our inventory and purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to potential material excess and obsolete inventory charges or other negative impacts to our product gross margin in future periods if product demand significantly decreases for a sustained duration, we are unable to generate demand for certain products planned for development, or we are unable to continue to mitigate the remaining supply chain exposures. Product demand conditions for future periods can be difficult to predict or may persist longer than anticipated. We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. These expenses and the impact of commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to business changes. Any of the above factors could materially harm our operations and financial results. For additional information and a further discussion of impacts and risks related to our inventory commitments and our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see “Results of Operations—Product Gross Margin—Supply Chain Impacts and Risks”, “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Inventory Supply Chain” under Item 7 and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report. 13 Table of Contents Supply chain issues, including financial problems of contract manufacturers or component suppliers, or a shortage of adequate component supply or manufacturing capacity that increase our costs or cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results, and our failure to estimate customer demand properly may result in excess or obsolete component supply, which could negatively impact our gross margins. The fact that we do not own or operate the bulk of our manufacturing facilities and that we are reliant on our extended supply chain could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating results. Financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component suppliers, reservation of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other companies, and industry consolidation occurring within one or more component supplier markets, such as the semiconductor market, in each case, could either limit supply or increase costs. A reduction or interruption in supply, including disruptions on our global supply chain, caused in part by public health emergencies, geopolitical tensions (including as a result of relations) or a significant natural disaster (including as a result of climate change); a significant increase in the price of one or more components (including as a result of inflation); a failure to adequately authorize procurement of inventory by our contract manufacturers; a failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; or a decrease in demand for our products could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. In addition, vendors may be under pressure to allocate product to certain customers for business, regulatory or political reasons, and/or demand changes in agreed pricing as a condition of supply. Although we have generally secured additional supply or taken other mitigation actions when significant disruptions have occurred, if similar situations occur in the future, they could materially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations, including longer than normal lead times. For example, in recent periods, there was a market shortage of semiconductor and other component supply which affected lead times, the cost of that supply, and our ability to meet customer demand for our products. Additionally, we may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers including capacity or cost problems resulting from industry consolidation, or strong demand for those parts. Growth in the economy is likely to create greater pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately project overall component demand and component demands within specific product categories and to establish optimal component levels and manufacturing capacity, especially for components, components for which we purchase a substantial portion of the supply, or the of manufacturing capacity for highly complex products. During periods of shortages or delays the price of components may increase, or the components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter shortages if we do not accurately anticipate our needs. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. Accordingly, our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. Although in many cases we use standard parts and components for our products, certain components are presently available only from a single source or limited sources, and a global economic downturn and related market uncertainty could negatively impact the availability of components from one or more of these sources, especially during times when there are supplier constraints based on labor and other actions taken during economic downturns. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to deliver products to customers and seriously impact present and future sales. We believe that we may be faced with the following challenges in the future: new markets in which we participate may grow quickly, which may make it difficult to quickly obtain significant component capacity; as we acquire companies and new technologies, we may be dependent on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners; and we face competition for certain components that are , from existing competitors, and companies in other markets. Manufacturing capacity and component supply constraints could continue to be significant issues for us. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to improve manufacturing performance and to help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. When facing component challenges we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contributes to an increase in inventory and purchase 14 Table of Contents commitments. In past periods, we increased our inventory and purchase commitments in light of the supply constraints seen due to component shortages. These increases in our inventory and purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to potential material excess and obsolete inventory charges or other negative impacts to our product gross margin in future periods if we fail to anticipate customer demand properly and product demand significantly decreases for a sustained duration, we are unable to generate demand for certain products planned for development, or we are unable to continue to mitigate the remaining supply chain exposures. Product demand conditions for future periods can be difficult to predict or may persist longer than anticipated. For additional information and a further discussion of impacts and risks related to our inventory commitments and our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see “Results of Operations—Product Gross Margin—Supply Chain Impacts and Risks” and, “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Inventory Supply Chain” under Item 7 and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report. We expect gross margin to vary over time, and our level of product gross margin may not be sustainable. Although our product gross margin increased in fiscal 2024, our level of product gross margins have declined in certain prior periods, and could decline in future periods due to adverse impacts from various factors, including: • Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including the mix of hardware and software • Introduction of new products, including products with advantages, and new business models (including continuing to increase the use of business models where revenue is recognized over multiple periods) • Our ability to reduce production costs • Entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, including markets with different pricing and cost structures, through acquisitions or internal development • Sales discounts • Increases in material, labor or other manufacturing-related costs (i.e. component costs, broker fees, expedited freight and overtime) or higher supply chain logistics costs, any of which could be significant, especially during periods of supply constraints for certain costs, such as those that have impacted the market for components, including semiconductors and memory in past periods, and which costs have in the past and may continue to be exacerbated by inflation • Excess inventory, inventory holding charges, and obsolescence charges • Changes in shipment volume • The timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals • Increased costs (including those caused by tariffs or economic conditions, including inflation), loss of cost savings or dilution of savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if parts ordering does not correctly anticipate product demand or if the financial health of either contract manufacturers or suppliers deteriorates • Lower than expected benefits from value engineering • Increased price competition, including competitors from Asia, especially from China • Changes in distribution channels • Increased warranty or royalty costs • Increased amortization of purchased intangible assets, especially from acquisitions • How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans Changes in service gross margin may result from various factors such as changes in the mix between technical support services and advanced services, as well as the timing of technical support service contract initiations and renewals, the addition of personnel and other related costs, and other resources to support higher levels of service business in future periods. Sales to the service provider and cloud market are especially volatile, and weakness in orders from this industry may harm our operating results and financial condition. Sales to the service provider and cloud market have been characterized by large and sporadic purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of certain other Networking and Collaboration products, in addition to longer sales cycles. Service provider and cloud product orders significantly decreased during fiscal 2024 and we have experienced similar declines in certain prior periods. Product orders from the service provider and cloud market could continue to decline and, as has been the case in the past, such weakness could persist over extended periods of time given fluctuating market conditions. Products in the service provider and cloud market could also face a high degree of customer concentration, with bespoke product designs and features that would be difficult to sell to alternate customers should the primary customer reduce its product orders with Cisco. Sales activity in this industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of 15 Table of Contents funding; and the extent to which service provider and cloud customers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the country of operations. Weakness in orders from this industry, including as a result of any slowdown in capital expenditures by service providers (which may be more prevalent during a global economic downturn, or periods of economic, political or regulatory uncertainty), could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Such slowdowns may continue or recur in future periods. Orders from this industry could decline for many reasons other than the competitiveness of our products and services within their respective markets. For example, in the past, many of our service provider and cloud customers have been negatively impacted by slowdowns in the general economy, by overcapacity, by changes in the service provider and cloud market, by regulatory developments, and by constraints on capital availability, resulting in business failures and substantial reductions in spending and expansion plans. These conditions have negatively impacted our business and operating results in the past, and could materially harm our business and operating results in any future period. Finally, service provider and cloud customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of services, including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers. Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins. If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, or if our distributors’ financial condition or operations weaken, our revenue and gross margins could be negatively impacted. A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through our channel partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Our channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other resellers, and distributors. Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution, and a number of service providers are also systems integrators. Distributors stock inventory and typically sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our system of sales to the end customer. If sales through indirect channels increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting the mix of our products and, to a degree, the timing of orders from our customers. Historically, we have seen fluctuations in our gross margins based on changes in the balance of our distribution channels. There can be no assurance that changes in the balance of our distribution model in future periods would not have an adverse effect on our gross margins and profitability. Some factors could result in disruption of or changes in our distribution model, which could harm our sales and margins, including the following: competition with some of our channel partners, including through our direct sales, which may lead these channel partners to use other suppliers that do not directly sell their own products or otherwise compete with them; some of our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear; some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions; and revenue from indirect sales could suffer if our distributors’ financial condition or operations weaken. In addition, we depend on our channel partners globally to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, sales of our products outside of agreed territories can result in disruption to our distribution channels. The markets in which we compete are intensely competitive, which could negatively impact our achievement of revenue growth. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors i

[truncated]