BETA Close X TotalEnergies has announced its Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on May 29, 2026, at 2:00 p.m. at Tour Coupole, La Défense. Shareholders can participate by voting online via the Votaccess platform, by postal form, or by proxy, with detailed procedures available on the company's website. The preliminary notice was published on March 30, 2026, and the meeting notice on May 6, 2026, in the French BALO. All relevant documents are accessible on the TotalEnergies website. Disclaimer* Shareholders are invited to participate at the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of TotalEnergies (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE) which will be held on Friday May 29, 2026, at 2:00 p.m. at Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, La Défense 6, 92 400 Courbevoie. The Shareholders’ Meeting will be streamed live in full on the website www.totalenergies.com/investors/shareholders-meetings . All useful information relating to this Meeting is regularly updated on this page of the website. Shareholders may exercise their voting rights before the holding of the Shareholders’ Meeting, either by internet via the secured Votaccess platform, or by returning their postal voting form, or also by giving proxy. The detailed procedures relating to the exercise of the right to vote are specified in the notice of the Shareholders’ Meeting. Shareholders holding their shares through the U.S. Register must refer to the specific information provided in the notice of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The preliminary notice of the Shareholders’ Meeting and the notice of meeting were published in the French Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO) on March 30, 2026 and on May 6, 2026 respectively. The documents referred to in Article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code are made available to Shareholders as from the date of the convening notice for the Meeting in accordance with applicable regulations. The documents referred to in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted and downloaded on the Company’s website: totalenergies.com/Investors/ Shareholders’ meeting/The documents of the Meeting. *** About TotalEnergies TotalEnergies is a global integrated energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gases, renewables and electricity. Our more than 100,000 employees are committed to provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable, more affordable and more sustainable. Active in about 120 countries, TotalEnergies places sustainability at the heart of its strategy, its projects and its operations. TotalEnergies Media Relations: +33 (0)1 47 44 46 99 l presse@totalenergies.com l @TotalEnergiesPR Investor Relations: +33 (0)1 47 44 46 46 l ir@totalenergies.com @TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies Cautionary Note The terms “TotalEnergies”, “TotalEnergies company” or “Company” in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities. This document may contain forward-looking information and statements that are based on a number of economic data and assumptions made in a given economic, competitive and regulatory environment. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its subsidiaries assumes any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking information or statement, objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Information concerning risk factors, that may affect TotalEnergies’ financial results or activities is provided in the most recent Universal Registration Document, the French-language version of which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French securities regulator Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF), and in the Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260506684483/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies TotalEnergies SE (TTE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Accsys Technologies 22 hours ago CMC Markets 22 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 23 hours ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and