BETA Close X TotalEnergies SE shareholders approved all resolutions at the May 29, 2026 meeting, including the 2025 financial statements and a dividend of €3.40 per share. Directors Ms. Marie-Christine Coisne-Roquette, Ms. Anelise Lara, and Mr. Dierk Paskert were re-elected for three-year terms, and Mr. Slavomir Krupa was appointed as a Director for a three-year term. The compensation policy for directors and the 2026 compensation policy for the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer were also approved, alongside various delegations of competence and financial authorizations. Amendments to the Articles of Association concerning age limits for Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles were also adopted, and a report on sustainable development and energy transition was discussed. Disclaimer* The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of TotalEnergies SE (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE) was held on May 29, 2026, under the chairmanship of Mr. Patrick Pouyanné. The shareholders adopted all the resolutions supported by the Board of Directors, including in particular: Approval of the 2025 financial statements and payment of a dividend of €3.40 per share for that fiscal year, Renewal of a three-year term as Directors for Ms. Marie-Christine Coisne-Roquette, Ms. Anelise Lara and Mr. Dierk Paskert, Appointment of a three-year term for Mr. Slavomir Krupa as Director, Approval of the compensation policy applicable to directors, Approval of the compensation components paid during 2025 or allocated for that year and of the compensation policy applicable in 2026 to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Various delegations of competence and financial authorizations granted to the Board of Directors, The amendments of the Corporation’s Articles of Association concerning the age limits for the functions of Chairman and of Chief Executive Officer. In addition, as part of a formal item put on the agenda, the Shareholders’ Meeting discussed the report on the implementation of the Corporation's ambition with respect to sustainable development and the energy transition. The final results of the votes as well as the presentations made to shareholders will be available on June 5, 2026 on the totalenergies.com website. About TotalEnergies TotalEnergies is a global integrated energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gases, renewables and electricity. Our more than 100,000 employees are committed to provide as many people as possible with energy that is more reliable, more affordable and more sustainable. Active in about 120 countries, TotalEnergies places sustainability at the heart of its strategy, its projects and its operations. @TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies TotalEnergies Cautionary Note The terms “TotalEnergies”, “TotalEnergies company” or “Company” in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities. This document may contain forward-looking information and statements that are based on a number of economic data and assumptions made in a given economic, competitive and regulatory environment. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its subsidiaries assumes any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking information or statement, objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Information concerning risk factors, that may affect TotalEnergies’ financial results or activities is provided in the most recent Universal Registration Document, the French-language version of which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French securities regulator Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF), and in the Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). TotalEnergies Contacts Media Relations: +33 (0)1 47 44 46 99 l presse@totalenergies.com l @TotalEnergiesPR Investor Relations: +33 (0)1 47 44 46 46 l ir@totalenergies.com View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260529839468/en/ AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies TotalEnergies SE (TTE) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 21 hours ago Accsys Technologies 22 hours ago CMC Markets 22 hours ago Fuller Smith & Turner 23 hours ago GSK 1 day ago Banco Santander S.A. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and