Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. On August 28, 2025, Lockheed Martin Corporation (the “Company”) entered into Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement (the “Amendment”), which amends the Company’s existing $3.0 billion Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2022, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders listed therein (the “Lenders”), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, Citibank, N.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as documentation agents, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (as previously amended, the “Credit Agreement”). The Amendment, among other things, extends the maturity date of the Credit Agreement by one year from August 24, 2029 to August 24, 2030 and removes the 10 basis point credit spread adjustment to “Term SOFR” borrowings. Except as amended by the Amendment, the terms of the Credit Agreement remain in full force and effect. The foregoing description of the Amendment is qualified by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. In the ordinary course of their respective businesses, one or more of the Lenders, or their affiliates, have or may have various relationships with the Company and the Company’s subsidiaries involving the provision of a variety of financial services, including cash management, commercial banking, investment banking, trust or agency, foreign exchange, advisory or other financial services, for which they received, or will receive, customary fees and expenses. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of August 28, 2025, among Lockheed Martin Corporation, the lenders listed therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Lockheed Martin Corporation (Registrant) Date: August 29, 2025 By: /s/ John E. Stevens John E. Stevens Vice President and Chief M&A and Securities Counsel