CANADIAN NATURAL RESOURCES LIMITED
ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025
March 25, 2026
Annual Information Form
Table of Contents
Definitions and Abbreviations 2
Advisory 4
Corporate Structure 7
General Development of the Business 8
Description of the Business 10
A.   Environmental Matters 11
B.   Regulatory Matters 12
C.   Competitive Factors 15
D.   Risk Factors 15
Form 51-101F1 Statement of Reserves Data and Other Information 23
Selected Financial Information 51
Dividend History 52
Description of Capital Structure 52
Market for Securities 54
Directors and Executive Officers 55
Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Actions 59
Interest of Management and Others in Material Transactions 59
Transfer Agents and Registrar 59
Material Contracts 59
Interests of Experts 59
Audit Committee Information 59
Additional Information 61
Schedule “A” Form 51-101F2 Report On Reserves Data by Independent Qualified Reserves Evaluator or Auditor 62
Schedule “B” Form 51-101F3 Report of Management and Directors on Oil and Gas Disclosure 65
Schedule “C” Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 67
1 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
Definitions and Abbreviations
ADR abandonment, decommissioning and reclamation costs
AOSP Athabasca Oil Sands Project
API specific gravity measured in degrees on the American Petroleum Institute scale
ARO asset retirement obligations
bbl barrel
bbl/d barrels per day
Bcf billion cubic feet
bitumen naturally occurring solid or semi-solid hydrocarbon, consisting mainly of heavier 
hydrocarbons that are too heavy or thick to flow at reservoir conditions, and 
recoverable at economic rates using thermal in-situ recovery or conventional truck 
and shovel (mining) methods
BOE barrels of oil equivalent
BOE/d barrels of oil equivalent per day
C$ or $ Canadian dollars
"Canadian Natural Resources 
Limited", "Canadian Natural", 
"Company", "Corporation"
Canadian Natural Resources Limited and includes, where applicable, reference to 
subsidiaries of and partnership interests held by Canadian Natural Resources 
Limited and its subsidiaries
CO2 carbon dioxide
CO2e carbon dioxide equivalents
crude oil includes light and medium crude oil, primary heavy crude oil, Pelican Lake heavy 
crude oil, thermal bitumen, mining bitumen and synthetic crude oil
CSS Cyclic Steam Stimulation
development well well drilled inside the established limits of an oil or gas reservoir or in close proximity 
to the edge of the reservoir, to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be 
productive
dry well well that proves to be incapable of producing either crude oil or natural gas in 
sufficient quantities to justify completion
EOR Enhanced Oil Recovery
exploratory well well that is not a development well, a service well, or a stratigraphic test well
extension well well that is drilled to test if a known reservoir extends beyond what had previously 
been believed to be the outer reservoir perimeter
fee title interest absolute ownership of legal title to mineral lands, subject to conditional interests 
that may have been granted from the title, such as petroleum and natural gas leases
FPSO Floating Production, Storage and Offloading vessel
GHG greenhouse gas
gross acres total number of acres in which the Company has a working interest or fee title 
interest
gross wells total number of wells in which the Company has a working interest
Horizon Horizon Oil Sands
IFRS Accounting Standards International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board 
Mbbl thousand barrels
MBOE thousand barrels of oil equivalent
Mcf thousand cubic feet
Mcf/d thousand cubic feet per day
MD&A Management's Discussion and Analysis
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 2
MMbbl million barrels
MMBOE million barrels of oil equivalent
MMBtu million British thermal units
MMcf million cubic feet
MMcf/d million cubic feet per day
MM$ million Canadian dollars
MOU Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of Canada and the 
Government of Alberta dated November 27, 2025
NGLs natural gas liquids
net acres gross acres multiplied by the percentage working interest or fee title interest therein 
owned by the Company
net wells gross wells multiplied by the percentage working interest therein owned by the 
Company
NYSE New York Stock Exchange
OPEC+ Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries Plus
Paris Agreement The Paris Agreement is an agreement within the United Nations Framework 
Convention on Climate Change, on climate change mitigation, adaption, and finance 
signed in 2016.
productive well exploratory, development or extension well that is not dry
proved property property or part of a property to which reserves have been specifically attributed
PRT Petroleum Revenue Tax
Quest Quest Carbon Capture and Storage ("CCS") project
SAGD Steam-Assisted Gravity Drainage
SCO synthetic crude oil, a mixture of liquid hydrocarbons derived by either partially or fully 
upgrading bitumen
SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission
service well well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field 
and drilled for the specific purposes of gas injection, water injection, steam injection, 
air injection, salt-water disposal, water supply for injection, observation, or injection 
for combustion
stratigraphic test well drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific 
geologic condition and ordinarily drilled without the intention of being completed for 
hydrocarbon production
TMX Trans Mountain Expansion pipeline
TSX Toronto Stock Exchange
UK United Kingdom
unproved property property or part of a property to which no reserves have been specifically attributed
US United States
working interest interest held by the Company in a crude oil or natural gas property, which interest 
normally bears its proportionate share of the costs of exploration, development, and 
operation as well as any royalties or other production burdens
3 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
Advisory 
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements relating to Canadian Natural Resources Limited (the "Company" or "Canadian Natural") in this Annual 
Information Form ("AIF") or documents incorporated herein by reference constitute forward-looking statements or information 
(collectively referred to herein as "forward-looking statements") within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Forward-
looking statements can be identified by the words "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "plan", "estimate", "target", "continue", "could", 
"intend", "may", "potential", "predict", "should", "will", "objective", "project", "forecast", "goal", "guidance", "outlook", "effort", "seeks", 
"schedule", "proposed", "aspiration" or expressions of a similar nature suggesting future outcome or statements regarding an 
outlook. Disclosure related to the Company's strategy or strategic focus, capital budget, expected future commodity pricing, 
forecast or anticipated production volumes, royalties, production expenses, capital expenditures, abandonment expenditures, 
income tax expenses, and other targets provided throughout this AIF constitute forward-looking statements. Disclosure of plans 
relating to and expected results of existing and future developments, including, without limitation, those in relation to the 
Company's assets at Horizon, AOSP, the Primrose thermal oil projects, the Pelican Lake water and polymer flood projects, the 
Kirby, Jackfish and Pike thermal oil sands projects, the operations of the North West Redwater bitumen upgrader and refinery, 
construction by third parties of new or expansion of existing pipeline capacity or other means of transportation of bitumen, 
crude oil, natural gas or NGLs that the Company may be reliant upon to transport its products to market, the decommissioning 
and abandonment of certain of the Company's assets and the timing thereof, the development and deployment of technology 
and technological innovations, the assumption of operations at processing facilities, the  "2026 Activity" section of this AIF with 
respect to budgeted capital expenditures for 2026 , targeted decommissioning activities in International and the timing thereof, 
the financial capacity of the Company to complete its growth projects and responsibly and sustainably grow in the long-term, 
the materiality of the impact of litigation and tax interpretations on the Company's results, any targeted payouts pursuant to the 
Company's free cash flow allocation policy, and the Company's acquisitions, also constitute forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements are based on annual budgets and multi-year forecasts, and are reviewed and revised throughout the 
year as necessary in the context of targeted financial ratios, project returns, product pricing expectations and balance in project 
risk and time horizons. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks. The reader 
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as there can be no assurances that the plans, initiatives or 
expectations upon which they are based will occur.
In addition, statements relating to "reserves" are deemed to be forward-looking statements as they involve the implied 
assessment based on certain estimates and assumptions that the reserves described can be profitably produced in the future. 
There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved and proved plus probable crude oil, natural gas and 
NGLs reserves and in projecting future rates of production and the timing of development expenditures. The total amount or 
timing of actual future production may vary significantly from reserves and production estimates.
The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company and the 
industry in which the Company operates, which speak only as of the earlier of the date such statements were made or as of the 
date of the report or document in which they are contained, and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that 
could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, 
among others: general economic and business conditions (including as a result of the actions of OPEC+, the impact of conflicts 
in the Middle East, in Ukraine and in Venezuela, the restriction or disruption of global trade routes, the impact of changes to US 
economic policy, increased inflation, and the risk of decreased economic activity resulting from a global recession ) which may 
impact, among other things, demand and supply for, and market prices of the Company's products, and the availability and cost 
of resources required by the Company's operations; volatility of and assumptions regarding crude oil, natural gas and NGLs 
prices; fluctuations in currency and interest rates; assumptions on which the Company's current targets are based; economic 
conditions in the countries and regions in which the Company conducts business; changes and uncertainty in the international 
trade environment, including with respect to tariffs, export restrictions, embargoes, and key trade agreements (including 
uncertainties around US imposed tariffs, and actual or potential Canadian countermeasures, both of which continue to evolve 
and may be continued, suspended, increased, decreased or expanded) ; uncertainty in the regulatory framework governing GHG 
emissions including, among other things, financial and other support from various levels of government for climate related 
initiatives and potential emissions or production caps, and the implementation of the MOU ; political uncertainty, including 
changes in government, actions of or against terrorists, insurgent groups or other conflict including conflict between states; the 
Company's ability to prevent and recover from a cyberattack and other cyber-related crimes and incidents; industry capacity; the 
Company's ability to implement its business strategy, including exploration and development activities; the impact of 
competition; the Company's defense of lawsuits; availability and cost of seismic, drilling and other equipment; the Company's 
ability to complete capital programs; the Company's ability to secure adequate transportation for its products; unexpected 
disruptions or delays in mining, extracting or upgrading of the Company's bitumen products; potential delays or changes in 
plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital expenditures; ability of the Company to attract the 
necessary labour required to build, maintain, and operate its thermal and oil sands mining projects; operating hazards and other 
difficulties inherent in the exploration for, and production and sale of, crude oil and natural gas and in mining, extracting or 
upgrading the Company's bitumen products; availability and cost of financing; the Company's success of exploration and 
development activities and its ability to replace and expand crude oil and natural gas reserves; the Company's ability to meet its 
targeted production levels, the timing and success of integrating the business and operations of acquired companies and 
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 4
assets, including the acquisition of the remaining 10% interest in the AOSP mines and other acquisitions that occurred in 2025;  
production levels; imprecision of reserves estimates and estimates of recoverable quantities of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs 
not currently classified as proved; changes to future abandonment and decommissioning costs; actions by governmental 
authorities; government regulations and the expenditures required to comply with them (especially safety, competition, 
environmental laws and regulations, and the impact of climate change initiatives on capital expenditures and production 
expenses); interpretations of applicable tax and competition laws and regulations; asset retirement obligations; the sufficiency 
of the Company's liquidity to support its growth strategy and to sustain its operations in the short-, medium- and long-term; the 
strength of the Company's balance sheet; the flexibility of the Company's capital structure; the impact of legal proceedings to 
which the Company is a party; the adequacy of the Company's provision for taxes; and other circumstances affecting revenues 
and expenses.
The Company's operations have been, and in the future may be, affected by political developments and by national, federal, 
provincial, state, and local laws and regulations such as restrictions on production or emissions, the imposition of tariffs, export 
restrictions or embargoes on the Company's products (including uncertainties around US imposed tariffs, and actual or potential 
Canadian countermeasures, both of which continue to evolve and may be continued, suspended, increased, decreased or 
expanded), changes in taxes, royalties and other amounts payable to governments or governmental agencies, price or gathering 
rate controls and environmental protection regulations (including the implementation of the MOU). Should one or more of these 
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in 
material respects from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The impact of any one factor on a particular forward-
looking statement is not determinable with certainty as such factors are dependent upon other factors, and the Company's 
course of action would depend upon its assessment of the future considering all information then available. For additional 
information refer to the "Risk Factors" section of this AIF.
Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed in 
this AIF could also have adverse effects on forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations 
conveyed by the forward-looking statements are reasonable based on information available to it on the date such forward-
looking statements are made, no assurances can be given as to future results, levels of activity and achievements. All 
subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are 
expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, the Company 
assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements in this AIF, whether as a result of new information, future events 
or other factors, or the foregoing factors affecting this information, should circumstances or the Company's estimates or 
opinions change.
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING CURRENCY, FINANCIAL INFORMATION, PRODUCTION AND RESERVES
In this AIF, all references to dollars refer to Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated. Reserves and production data are 
presented on a "before royalties" or "company gross" basis and realized pr ices are net of blending and feedstock costs and 
exclude the effects of risk management activities. In addition, reference is made to crude oil and natural gas in common units 
called barrel of oil equivalent or BOE. A BOE is derived by converting six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of 
crude oil (6 Mcf:1 bbl). This conversion may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation, since the 6 Mcf:1 bbl ratio is based 
on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at 
the wellhead. In comparing the value ratio using current crude oil prices relative to natural gas prices, the 6 Mcf:1 bbl 
conversion ratio may be misleading as an indication of value.
The Company's audited consolidated financial statements and annual MD&A for the most recently completed fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2025 , dated March 4, 2026, are herein incorporated by reference, and certain information included in this AIF, 
has been prepared in accordance with  IFRS  Accounting Standards . In the Company's annual MD&A for the year ended 
December 31, 2025, all references to synthetic crude oil in relation to the Oil Sands Mining and Upgrading segment, including 
realized pricing, production volumes, sales volumes, and netback calculations, are presented inclusive of mining bitumen. For 
details refer to the "Definitions and Abbreviations" section of the annual MD&A. Unless otherwise noted in this AIF, synthetic 
crude oil and mining bitumen are reported separately.
For the year ended December 31, 2025 , the Company retained Independent Qualified Reserves Evaluators ("IQRE"), Sproule 
International Limited ("Sproule ERCE") and GLJ Ltd. ("GLJ"), to evaluate and review all of the Company's proved and proved plus 
probable reserves with an effective date of December  31, 2025 and a preparation date of February  9, 2026. Spr oule ERCE 
evaluated and reviewed the North America and International light and medium crude oil, primary heavy crude oil, Pelican Lake 
heavy crude oil, thermal bitumen, natural gas and NGLs reserves. GLJ evaluated the Oil Sands Mining and Upgrading mining 
bitumen and SCO reserves. The evaluations and reviews were conducted and prepared in accordance with the standards 
contained in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook ("COGE Handbook") and disclosed in accordance with National 
Instrument 51-101 – Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities ("NI 51-101") requirements.
The Company annually discloses net proved reserves and the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows using 
12-month average prices and current costs in accordance with United States Financial Accounting Standards Board Topic 932 
"Extractive Activities - Oil and Gas" in the Company's annual report on Form 40-F filed with the SEC and in the "Supplementary 
Oil and Gas Information" section of the Company's 2025 Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
5 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
This AIF includes references to non-GAAP and other financial measures as defined by National Instrument 52-112 - Non-GAAP 
and Other Financial Measures Disclosure ("NI 52-112"). These financial measures, including "adjusted net earnings from 
operations", "adjusted funds flow", "netback", "realized price", "net capital expenditures", "long-term debt, net" and "free cash 
flow", are used by the Company to evaluate its financial performance, financial position and cash flow. These financial measures 
are not defined by IFRS Accounting Standards  and therefore are referred to as non-GAAP and other financial measures. The 
non-GAAP and other financial measures used by the Company may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other 
companies and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, the most directly comparable financial 
measure presented in the Company's financial statements, as applicable, as an indication of the Company's performance. 
Descriptions of and reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measure for "adjusted net earnings from 
operations", "adjusted funds flow", "netback", "realized price", "net capital expenditures" and "long-term debt, net", are provided in 
the "Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures" section of the Company's annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2025, 
dated March  4, 2026, and are incorporated by reference herein.  "Free cash flow"  is a non-GAAP financial measure. The 
Company considers free cash flow a key measure in demonstrating the Company's ability to generate cash flow to fund future 
growth through capital investment, to repay debt and to pay returns to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases 
pursuant to its free cash flow allocation policy. Free cash flow is calculated as adjusted funds flow less dividends on common 
shares, net capital expenditures and abandonment expenditures.
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING COMMON SHARE SPLIT AND COMPARATIVE FIGURES
At the Company's Annual and Special Meeting held on May 2, 2024, shareholders passed a Special Resolution approving a two 
for one common share split effective for shareholders of record as of market close on June  3,  2024. On June  10,  2024, 
shareholders of record received one additional share for every one common share held, with common shares trading on a split-
adjusted basis beginning June 11, 2024. Common share, per common share, dividend, and stock option amounts for periods 
prior to the two for one common share split have been updated to reflect the common share split.
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING AMENDMENTS TO THE COMPETITION ACT (CANADA)
On June  20, 2024, amendments to the Competition Act (Canada) came into force with the adoption of Bill C-59, An Act to 
Implement Certain Provisions of the Fall Economic Statement, which impacted environmental and climate disclosures by 
businesses. As a result of these amendments, certain public representations by a business regarding the benefits of the work it 
is doing to protect or restore the environment or mitigate the environmental and ecological causes or effects of climate change 
may violate the Competition Act's deceptive marketing practices provisions. These amendments include substantial financial 
penalties and, effective June  20, 2025, a private right of action which will permit private parties to seek an order from the 
Competition Tribunal under the deceptive marketing practices provisions. Subsequently, on November 4, 2025, the federal 
government tabled the 2025 Budget, which proposed further amendments to the Competition Act, namely removing the 
requirement that businesses substantiate their environmental representations about a business or business activity based on an 
internationally recognized methodology, and eliminating private rights of action under the revised business-activity 
greenwashing provision. Uncertainty surrounding the interpretation and enforcement of this legislation, which includes the 
status of any proposed or future amendments,  may expose the Company to increased litigation and financial penalties, the 
outcome and impacts of which can be difficult to assess or quantify and may have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
business, reputation, financial condition, and results. 
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 6
Corporate Structure
Canadian Natural Resources Limited was incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia on November 7, 1973 
as AEX Minerals Corporation (N.P.L.) and, on December 5, 1975, changed its name to Canadian Natural Resources Limited. 
Canadian Natural was continued under the Companies Act (Alberta) on January 6, 1982 and was further continued under the 
Business Corporations Act  (Alberta) on November 6, 1985. Since that time, the Company has completed a number of 
transactions which have resulted in amalgamations, arrangements and amendments to constating documents, none of which 
have resulted in material changes thereto.
At the Company's Annual and Special Meeting held on May 2, 2024, shareholders passed a Special Resolution approving an 
amendment to the Company's Articles of Amalgamation to subdivide the issued and outstanding common shares on a two-for-
one basis. Articles of Amendment were subsequently filed on May 22, 2024. (Further details are disclosed under "Description of 
Capital Structure - Common Shares" in this AIF.)
In the last ten years, the Company has amalgamated pursuant to the Business Corporations Act (Alberta) under the name 
Canadian Natural Resources Limited with the following:
Amalgamated Company: Date
EOG Resources Canada Inc. January 1, 2015
Laricina Energy Ltd. January 1, 2019
CNRL Upgrading Limited October 1, 2020
Painted Pony Energy Ltd. January 1, 2021
Storm Resources Ltd.; Storm Gas Resource Corp.; CNR Montney Ltd. January 1, 2022
Horizon Construction Management Ltd. January 1, 2023
The Company's current head and registered office is located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada at 2100, 855 - 2nd Street S.W., T2P 
4J8. In June 2026, the Company is relocating its head and registered office to 400 - 4th Avenue S.W., Calgary, AB, T2P 0J4.  
The main operating subsidiaries and partnerships of the Company, percentage of voting securities owned either directly or 
indirectly, and their jurisdictions of incorporation are as follows:
Jurisdiction of Incorporation % Ownership
Subsidiary:
Canadian Natural Upgrading Limited Alberta 100
CanNat Energy Inc. Delaware 100
CanNat Liquids Marketing Limited Alberta 100
CNR International (U.K.) Developments Limited England 100
CNR International (U.K.) Limited England 100
CNR International (Côte d’Ivoire) SARL Côte d’Ivoire 100
CNR International (South Africa) Limited Alberta 100
CNR (Redwater) Limited Alberta 100
Sukunka Natural Resources Inc. Alberta 100
CNR Petro Resources Limited Alberta 100
Partnership:
CNR Montney Partnership Alberta 100
Canadian Natural, as the managing partner, and CNR Petro Resources Limited, are partners of CNR Montney Partnership, a 
general partnership.
In the ordinary course of business, Canadian Natural restructures its subsidiaries and partnerships to maintain efficient 
operations.
The audited consolidated financial statements of Canadian Natural include the accoun ts of the Company and all of its 
subsidiaries and wholly-owned partnerships as well as certain of the Company's activities which are conducted through joint 
arrangements.
7 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
General Development of the Business
2023
The Company approved the final inve

---

statutory and regulatory filings as set out in "Audit fees" in the table below; (ii) audit 
related services including Crown Royalty Statements, and pension reporting as set out in "Audit related fees" below; (iii) tax 
services related to corporate tax return matters as set out in "Tax fees" in the table below; and (iv) non-audit services related to 
French translation services and accessing resource materials through PwC's accounting literature library as set out in "All other 
fees" in the table below.
Auditor service (000's) 2025 2024
Audit fees $ 2,702 $ 2,557 
Audit related fees  490  1,284 
Tax fees  421  413 
All other fees  107  63 
Total $ 3,720 $ 4,317 
The Charter of the Audit Committee of the Company is attached as Schedule “C” to this AIF.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Additional information relating to the Company can be found on the SEDAR+ website at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at 
www.sec.gov.
Additional information including Directors' and Executive Officers' remuneration and indebtedness, Director nominees standing 
for re-election, principal holders of the Company's securities, options to purchase the Company's securities and the interest of 
insiders in material transactions is contained in the Company's Notice of Annual Meeting and Information Circular dated 
March 18, 2026 in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Canadian Natural to be held on May 7, 2026 which 
information is incorporated herein by reference. Additional financial information and discussion of the affairs of the Co mpany 
and the business environment in which the Company operates is provided in the Company's MD&A, comparative Consolidated 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Oil & Gas Information for the most recently completed fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2025 respectively, as set forth in th e 2025 Annual Report to the Shareholders, which information is incorporated 
herein by reference.
For additional copies of this AIF, please contact prior to June 2026:
Corporate Secretary of the Corporation at: 
2100, 855 - 2nd Street S.W. 
Calgary, Alberta T2P 4J8
And from June 2026 onward, please contact:
Corporate Secretary of the Corporation at: 
400 - 4th Avenue S.W. 
Calgary, Alberta T2P 0J4
61 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
SCHEDULE “A”
FORM 51-101F2
REPORT ON RESERVES DATA BY
INDEPENDENT QUALIFIED RESERVES EVALUATOR OR AUDITOR
Report on Reserves Data
To the Board of Directors of Canadian Natural Resources Limited (the "Company"):
1. We have evaluated and reviewed the Company's North America, United Kingdom and Offshore Africa petroleum and 
natural gas reserves data as at December  31, 2025. The reserves data are estimates of proved reserves and probable 
reserves and related future net revenue as at December 31, 2025, estimated using forecast prices and costs.
2. The reserves data are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
reserves data based on our evaluation and review.
3. We carried out our evaluation and review in accordance with standards set out in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation 
Handbook as amended from time to time (the "COGE Handbook") maintained by the Society of Petroleum Evaluation 
Engineers (Calgary Chapter).
4. Those standards require that we plan and perform an evaluation and review to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether 
the reserves data are free of material misstatement. An evaluation and review also includes assessing whether the 
reserves data are in accordance with principles and definitions presented in the COGE Handbook.
5. The following table shows the net present value of future net revenue (before deduction of income taxes) attributed to total 
proved plus probable reserves, estimated using forecast prices and costs and calculated using a discount rate of 10 
percent, included in the reserves data of the Company evaluated and reviewed for the year ended December 31, 2025, and 
identifies the respective portions thereof that we have evaluated and reviewed and reported on to the Company's 
management and board of directors:
Independent 
Qualified Reserves 
Evaluator or 
Auditor
Effective Date of 
Evaluation/Review 
Report
Location of Reserves 
(Country or Foreign 
Geographic Area)
Net Present Value of Future Net Revenue
(Before Income Taxes, 10% Discount Rate)
($ millions)
Audited Evaluated Reviewed Total
Sproule International 
Limited December 31, 2025 Canada and USA — 84,843 6,301 91,145
Sproule International 
Limited December 31, 2025 United Kingdom and 
Offshore Africa — 1,473 — 1,473
Total — 86,316 6,301 92,618
6. In our opinion, the reserves data respectively evaluated by us have, in all material respects, been determined and are in 
accordance with the COGE Handbook, consistently applied. We express no opinion on the reserves data that we reviewed 
but did not audit or evaluate.
7. We have no responsibility to update our reports referred to in paragraph 5 for events and circumstances occurring after the 
effective date of our reports as of December 31, 2025.
8. Because the reserves data are based on judgments regarding future events, actual results will vary and the variations may 
be material.
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 62
Executed as to our reports referred to above:
Sproule International Limited
Calgary, Alberta, Canada,
Sproule International Limited
Calgary, Alberta, Canada,
Original Signed by Gary R. Finnis, P. Eng.
Gary R. Finnis, P.Eng.
Principal Reservoir Engineer
Date: March 4, 2026
APEGA ID 62965
Original Signed by Ilia Chaikine, P. Eng.
Ilia Chaikine, P.Eng.
Senior Reservoir Engineer
DATE: March 4, 2026
APEGA ID 138300
Original Signed by Alexey Romanov, Ph.D., P.Geo
Alexey Romanov, Ph.D., P.Geo
Principal Geoscientist
Date: March 4, 2026
APEGA ID 112313
Sproule International Limited
APEGA Permit #06151
Sproule International Limited
APEGA Permit #06151
Original Signed by Steven Golko, P.Eng.
Steven Golko, P.Eng.
Senior Vice President, Reserves & Resources
Date: March 4, 2026
RM APEGA ID 80169
Original Signed By Meghan Klein, P.Eng.
Meghan Klein, P.Eng.
Head of Reservoir Engineering, Americas

---

activities; and
(l) review, evaluate, approve, ratify, modify, disapprove and monitor jointly with the Nominating, Governance and Risk 
Committee any Related Party Transaction involving the Corporation and any of the following four categories (A) 
director, (B) executive officer, (C) person or entity that beneficially owns 5% or more of the Company’s voting 
securities, or (D) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing (each, a “Related Party”), to determine 
whether (a) the terms are fair and reasonable, on an arms’ length basis and otherwise in the best interest of the 
Corporation; and (b) the transaction is otherwise in accordance with applicable securities laws and the listing 
requirements of any applicable stock exchanges. “Related Party Transaction” means any transaction, arrangement, 
or relationship (or series of related transactions) in which:
(i) the Corporation or any subsidiary is a participant;
(ii) the amount involved exceeds the threshold that triggers disclosure as prescribed by applicable securities 
legislation or the listing standards of any applicable stock exchange; and
(iii) a Related Party has, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest, as determined with reference to 
applicable securities laws and the requirements of any applicable stock exchange.
The Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities, and it has direct 
access to the independent auditors as well as officers and employees of the Corporation. The Audit Committee has the 
authority to retain, at the Corporation's expense, special legal, accounting or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in 
the performance of its duties. The Corporation shall at all times make adequate provisions for the payment of all fees and other 
compensation approved by the Audit Committee, to the Corporation's independent auditors in connection with the issuance of 
its audit report, or to any consultants or experts employed by the Audit Committee.
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 70

---

mits to inspections by the various government regulatory authoriti es in each of 
the regions where the Company operates. The Company's environmental risk management strategy includes working 
constructively with legislators and regulators to ensure that any new or revised legislation, regulations or policies properly 
reflect a balanced approach to sustainable development. The Company has processes in place and is committed to complying 
with all existing environmental standards and regulations and has included appropriate amounts in its capital expenditure budget 
to continue to meet current environmental protection requirements. In Canada, these requirements apply to all operators in the 
crude oil and natural gas industry and it is not anticipated that the Company's competitive position within the industry will be 
adversely affected by changes in applicable legislation; however, there are no assurances that future environmental laws and 
regulations will not have a material effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Company has internal procedures designed to ensure that the environmental aspects of new acquisitions and 
developments are taken into account prior to proceeding. The Company's Environmental Management Plan (the "Plan") along 
with the Company's operating guidelines and strategies are intended to reduce the environmental impact of operations while 
meeting: regulatory requirements; regional management frameworks for air quality and emissions, ground and surface water, 
and biodiversity; industry operating standards and guidelines; and internal corporate standards. Adequate and proper training of, 
and diligent execution by, the Company's operators and contractors is key to the effectiveness of the Company's environmental 
management programs and supports efforts to reduce the Company's environmental footprint.
Canada
The Company continues to invest in people, facilities and infrastructure, as well as new and proven technologies, to recover and 
process crude oil and natural gas resources efficiently and in an environmentally responsible manner. As a part of the Plan, the 
Company has implemented a number of programs intended to reduce its environmental footprint including: various programs 
designed to reduce GHG and methane emissions; assessment of impacts of the Company's operations, together with 
implementation of avoidance and mitigation programs that seek to maintain biodiversity for terrestrial and aquatic systems and 
high value ecosystems; the continued review and evaluation of new technologies designed to reduce environmental impacts 
from operations; and optimization programs that seek to improve efficiencies at the Company's facilities.
The Company, through industry associations, is working with Canadian legislators and regulators as they develop and 
implement laws and regulations to properly reflect a balanced approach to sustainable development, such as programs to 
support industry investments in environmental performance improvement and emissions reduction.
Bill C-59, which received royal assent in June 2024, created among other things, a new investment tax credit ("ITC") to support 
investment in eligible carbon capture, utilization and storage ("CCUS") projects by providing a refundable ITC of up to 50% on 
carbon capture equipment and 37.5% on qualified carbon transportation, storage or usage equipment from 2022 to 2030, with 
these ITC rates being halved from 2031 to 2040 and fully phased out after 2040. In the 2025 Budget released on November 4, 
2025, the federal government announced its intention to extend the availability of the CCUS ITCs by five years so that the full 
rates will apply to eligible expenditures from 2022 to 2035. The Government of Alberta also established the Alberta Carbon 
Capture Incentive Program in 2023, which provides a 12% grant on eligible capital costs for CCUS projects.
Air quality programs are an essential part of the Company's environmental work plan and are operated within all industry and 
regulatory standards and guidelines. The Company also participates in air quality monitoring through regional organizations. Data 
collected through these regional air shed monitoring programs is used by government agencies to develop regional 
management programs and frameworks.
The Company has a well-established venting and solution gas conservation program at its facilities and incorporates future 
conservation opportunities into new projects and facilities. As part of the Company's initiatives to optimize and improve fuel gas 
efficiency, the Company also monitors compressor fleet performance and has ongoing methane reduction programs for 
pneumatic devices.
As part of the Company's water management strategy, the Company has water management programs designed to improve 
recycle rates and reduce freshwater use. These programs include the Hydraulic Fracturing Operating Practices developed by 
the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, which are intended to support a responsible approach to hydraulic fracturing 
and water management.
11 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
The Company has implemented programs for well abandonment and decommissioning that allow for the progressive 
reclamation of large contiguous areas of land. In 2025, the Company's environmental liability reduction program completed the 
decommissioning of 2,753 inactive wells and has 12,620 sites progressing towards reclamation certification. In addition, for 
2025, the Company received 1,205 reclamation certificates representing 2,188 hectares of land. Since 2021, the Company has 
decommissioned 12,969 inactive wells and received 5,393 reclamation certificates representing 10,556 hectares of reclaimed 
land. The Company also conducted additional decommissioning and clean up activities at various active and inactive facilities to 
address environmental liabilities at its operating sites.
In addition, the Company has comprehensive programs in place for: (i) tailings management in its oil sands mining operations to 
minimize fine tailings and support reclamation; (ii

---

ell as other petroleum products and energy sources.
D. RISK FACTORS
Given the dynamic nature of risk, the Company uses a multidisciplinary Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") framework to 
identify, assess, and develop mitigation plans for risks that may affect the Company and its operations. The ERM framework 
incorporates a matrix approach to risk assessment that categorizes and aligns risks across operational areas, allowing teams to 
better understand the identified risks, their impacts on the Company's operations and the mitigation being undertaken to 
address these risks. This allows management to monitor potential risk exposures and the steps taken to address the identified 
risks or otherwise mitigate these exposures by identifying those individuals on the Company's Management Committee 
responsible for each of the identified risks. Reporting on the risks and related mitigating activity throughout the Company is also 
part of the ERM framework.
Volatility of Crude Oil and Natural Gas Prices
The Company's financial condition is substantially dependent on, and highly sensitive to, the prevailing price for crude oil and 
natural gas. Significant declines in crude oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
operations and financial condition and the value and amount of its reserves. This could include: a delay or cancellation of 
existing or future drilling, development, construction or expansion programs; curtailment in production at some properties; or 
result in unutilized long-term transportation commitments, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
financial condition.
Prices for crude oil and natural gas fluctuate in response to changes in the supply of, and demand for, crude oil and natural gas, 
market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors beyond the Company's control including instability in the international trade 
environment as a result of actual or threatened trade action by Canada and the US, or other key trade partners, including the 
imposition or threatened imposition of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. Crude oil prices are primarily determined by 
international supply and demand. Factors which affect crude oil prices include the actions of OPEC+, the economic condition of 
Canada, the US, the European Union and Asia, government regulation, political stability in the Middle East and elsewhere, 
geopolitical conflicts (e.g. conflicts in the Middle East, in Ukraine and in Venezuela ), the foreign supply of crude oil, the 
restriction or disruption of global trade routes, the price of foreign imports, the ability to secure adequate transportation for 
products which could be affected by pipeline constraints, the construction by third parties of new or expansion of existing 
pipeline capacity, government mandated curtailment, the availability of alternate fuel sources, weather conditions, and other 
factors. Natural gas prices realized by the Company are affected primarily in North America by supply and demand, weather 
conditions, industrial demand and the ability to secure adequate transportation for products, which could also be affected by 
pipeline constraints, government mandated curtailment, prices of alternate sources of energy, and government regulation. 
Crude oil and natural gas producers in Canada may receive discounted prices for their production relative to international prices 
due in part to constraints on the ability to transport and sell products to international markets. An ongoing failure to resolve such 
15 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
constraints may extend the duration of discounted or reduced commodity prices realized by crude oil and natural gas producers, 
including the Company.
Any substantial or extended decline in prices of crude oil or natural gas could result in a delay or cancellation of existing or 
future drilling, development, construction or expansion programs, including, without limitation, at Horizon, AOSP, Primrose, 
Pelican Lake, Kirby, Jackfish, Pike, and international projects, or curtailment in production at some properties, or result in 
unutilized long term transportation commitments, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial 
condition.
Approximately 27% o f the Company's 2025 production on a BOE basis was primary heavy crude oil, Pelican Lake heavy crude 
oil and bitumen. The market prices for these products differs from the established market indices for light and medium grades 
of crude oil due principally to quality differences. As a result, the price received for these products currently differs from the 
benchmark they are priced against. Future quality differentials are uncertain and a significant increase in the differential could 
have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition. 
The Company conducts periodic assessments of the carrying value of its assets in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 
If crude oil and natural gas forecast prices decline, the carrying value of related property, plant and equipment could be subject 
to downward revisions, and net earnings could be adversely affected.
Political and International Risk
The Company markets its production in Canada, the United States and internationally. Considering the physical and economic 
integration of the North American energy markets, any actual or proposed material changes to the international trade 
environment between Canada and US or other key trade partners, including with respect to governing treaties or trade 
agreements, or the actual or threatened imposition of trade barriers (including tariffs, quotas, embargoes, safeguards, or other 
measures), may introduce uncertainty in the markets, have a material effect on commodity prices generally and the crude oil 
and natural gas prices realized by the Company; increase the cost or reduce the supply of products available to the Company; or 
require changes to the Company's supply chain or other business practices, any of which have the potential to negatively 
impact the Company's business, financial conditio

---

age AI risks, though these measures cannot eliminate all potential issues. AI related risks and 
activities are managed with the Company's enterprise risk management system , which is reported on to the Nominating, 
Governance and Risk Committee at least annually, as well as included in the semi-annual cybersecurity report provided to 
the Audit Committee. As AI regulations continue to emerge and evolve, compliance may increase costs or limit how AI can 
be used in Company operations.
Foreign Investments
The Company's foreign investments inclu de risks typically associated with investments in developing countries such as 
uncertain political, economic, legal and tax environments. These risks may includ e, among other things, currency restrictions 
and exchange rate fluctuations, loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of hazards such as expropriation, 
nationalization, war, insurrection, civil unrest and other political risks, risk of increases in taxes and governmental royalties, 
renegotiation of contracts with governmental entities and quasi-governmental agencies, changes in laws and policies governing 
operations of foreign based companies, including compliance with existing and emerging anti-corruption laws, and other 
uncertainties arising out of foreign government sovereignty over the Company's international operations. In addition, if a dispute 
arises in its foreign operations, the Company may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be 
successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of a court in Canada or the United States.
The Company's arrangement for the exploration and development of crude oil and natural gas properties in Canada and the UK 
sector of the North Sea differs distinctly from its arrangement for the exploration and development of crude oil and natural gas 
properties in other foreign jurisdictions. In some foreign countries in which the Company does and may do business in the 
future, the state generally retains ownership of the minerals and consequently retains control of, and in many cases participates 
in, the exploration and production of reserves. Accordingly, operations may be materially affected by host governments through 
royalty payments, export taxes and regulations, surcharges, value added taxes, production bonuses, local content requirements, 
currency requirements and other charges. In addition, changes in prices and costs of operations, timing of production, and other 
factors, may affect estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves quantities and future net revenues attributable to foreign 
properties in a manner materially different than such changes would affect estimates for Canadian properties. Agreements 
covering foreign crude oil and natural gas operations also frequently contain provisions obligating the Company to spend 
specified amounts on exploration and development, or to perform certain operations or forfeit all or a portion of the acreage 
subject to the contract.
Risk Management Activities
In response to fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange, and interest rates, the Company may periodically utilize 
various derivative financial instruments and physical sales contracts to manage its exposure under a defined hedging program. 
The terms of these arrangements may limit the benefit to the Company of favourable changes in these factors and may also 
result in royalties being paid on a reference price which is higher than the hedged price. There is also increased exposure to 
counterparty credit risk.
Dividends and Share Repurchases
The payment of future dividends and the repurchase of Company common shares is dependent on, among other things, its 
financial condition and other business factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors including prevailing economic 
conditions, the Company's anticipated requirements to fund operations and projects, debt servicing obligations and compliance 
with applicable regulatory and stock exchange requirements. The dividend policy and the free cash flow (1) allocation policy 
(which allocates returns to Company shareholders through share repurchas es after capital requirements an d the payment of 
dividends), each undergo periodic review by the Board of Directors and are subject to change.
Other Business Risks
Other business risks which may negatively impact the Company's financial condition include regulatory issues, risk of increases 
in government taxes and changes to royalty regimes, risk of litigation, risk to the Company's reputation resulting from 
operational activities that may cause personal injury, property damage or environmental damage, labour risk associated with 
securing the workers necessary to complete capital projects in a timely and cost effective manner, severe weather conditions, 
the timing and success of integrating the business and operations of acquired companies and businesses, and the dependency 
on third party operators for certain of the Company's assets.
(1) The term "free cash flow" is a Non-GAAP Measure. Refer to the "Advisory" section of this AIF for further details regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
21 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
In addition, epidemics or pandemics have the potential to disrupt the Company's operations, projects, and financial condition 
through the disruption of the local or global supply chain and transportation services, or the loss of workers resulting from 
quarantines that affect the Company's labour pools in local communities, workforce camps or operating sites or that are 
instituted by local health authorities as a precautionary measure, any of which may require the Company to temporarily reduce 
or shutdown its operations depending on the extent and severity of a potential outbreak and the areas or operations impacted. 
However, during an epidemic or pandemic, the Company's operations may be designated as "essential services" by applicable 
government authorities (as was the case for the COVID-19 pandemic), which permitted operations to continue in areas that may 
have otherwise been impacted by governm

---

adjusted for 
quality and transportation on an individual property basis.
4. The Company's 2025 average pricing, net of blending costs and excluding risk management activities, was $87.45/bbl for 
light and medium crude oil, $73.74/bbl for primary heavy crude oil, $75.07/bbl for Pelican Lake heavy crude oil, $72.42/bbl 
for thermal bitumen, $53.16/bbl for mining bitumen, $87.10/bbl for SCO, $54.58/bbl for NGLs, and $2.51/Mcf for natural 
gas.
5. Production and capital costs are escalated at the 3-consultant-average cost inflation rate of 0% per year for 2026 and 2% 
per year for 2027 and beyond for all products.
6. The 3-consultant-average foreign exchange rate used in the 2025 evaluation was 0.7277 US$/C$ for 2026, 0.7367 US$/C$ 
for 2027 and 0.7400 US$/C$ for 2028 and beyond.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO RESERVES DATA
Undeveloped Reserves
Undeveloped reserves are reserves expected to be recovered from known accumulations and require significant expenditure to 
develop and make capable of production. Undeveloped reserves additions result from one or more of the following: 
acquisitions, infill and extension drilling, or improved recovery in the year when the events first occurred. Proved and probable 
undeveloped reserves were estimated by the IQRE in accordance with the procedures and standards contained in the COGE 
Handbook.
Proved Undeveloped
Year
Light and
Medium
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Primary
Heavy
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Pelican Lake
Heavy
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Thermal
Bitumen
(MMbbl)
Mining
Bitumen
(MMbbl)
Synthetic
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Natural
Gas
(Bcf)
Natural 
Gas
Liquids
(MMbbl)
Barrels
of Oil
Equivalent
(MMBOE)
2023
First Attributed  26  24  —  68  —  35  2,063  82  579 
Total  100  80  55  2,596  —  83  10,045  398  4,986 
2024
First Attributed  32  22  —  56  —  —  1,982  166  607 
Total  129  88  53  2,603  —  96  11,625  533  5,440 
2025
First Attributed  47  22  —  82  —  —  905  96  398 
Total  160  92  55  2,603  14  91  11,873  575  5,568 
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 36
Probable Undeveloped
Year
Light and
Medium
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Primary
Heavy
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Pelican Lake
Heavy
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Thermal
Bitumen
(MMbbl)
Mining
Bitumen
(MMbbl)
Synthetic
Crude Oil
(MMbbl)
Natural
Gas
(Bcf)
Natural 
Gas
Liquids
(MMbbl)
Barrels
of Oil
Equivalent
(MMBOE)
2023
First Attributed  13  15  —  30  —  18  1,076  43  299 
Total  48  64  27  1,635  —  18  7,717  257  3,335 
2024
First Attributed  14  12  —  18  —  —  1,213  98  343 
Total  58  65  28  1,630  —  18  8,569  340  3,567 
2025
First Attributed  26  15  1  22  —  —  283  35  145 
Total  75  69  30  1,620  —  18  8,021  320  3,469 
The assignment of some proved undeveloped and probable undeveloped reserves beyond 2 years is based on the Company's 
capital development plan to optimize operations and align capital investments with estimated future net revenue. The extended 
development timing has no consequential impact on the confidence level associated with the reserves estimate in each 
category. The IQRE reserves evaluation report documents the evaluation, assignment and justification for undeveloped reserves 
beyond the NI 51-101 development timing guidelines. The Company's justifications for reserves development timing beyond 
2 years are summarized by product type below:
1. Light and Medium Crude Oil and Primary Heavy Crude Oil undeveloped reserves are located throughout the Company's 
core areas in western Canada and Offshore Africa. Development timing is justified to accommodate the following:
▪ capital projects with facility constraints and development plans designed to optimize the operation and deliver 
production for the life of the facilities;
▪ resource plays with extensive ongoing development;
▪ EOR or waterflood projects with ongoing, extensive development opportunity;
▪ strict ESG or regulatory development restrictions limit the development drilling that would otherwise proceed at a 
quicker pace; and
▪ offshore projects with long lead times and facility constraints.
2. Pelican Lake Heavy Crude Oil is produced at a large heavy crude oil polymer EOR flood project with chemical and facility 
constraints. The development plan is designed to optimize the purchase and use of chemicals and deliver production for the 
life of the facilities.
3. Thermal Bitumen development plans are designed to optimize the operation and deliver production for the life of the 
facilities over the next fifty years.
4. Mining Bitumen and Synthetic Crude Oil reserves are associated with two large oil sands mining and upgrading projects 
with long lead times and facility constraints. The development plans are designed to optimize the operation and deliver 
production for the life of the facilities.
5. Natural Gas undeveloped reserves are located throughout the Company's core areas in western Canada. Development 
timing is justified to accommodate the following:
▪ capital projects with facility constraints and development plans designed to optimize the operation and deliver 
production for the life of the facilities;
▪ resource plays with extensive ongoing development; and
▪ strict ESG or regulatory development restrictions limit the development drilling that would otherwise proceed at a 
quicker pace.
Significant Factors or Uncertainties Affecting Reserves Data
The development plan for the Company's undeveloped reserves is based on forecast price and cost assumptions. Projects may 
be advanced or delayed based on actual prices that occur.
The evaluation of reserves is a process that can be significantly affected by a number of internal and external factors. Revisions 
are often necessary resulting in changes in technical data acquired, historical performance, fluctuations in production costs, 
development costs and product pricing, economic conditions, changes in royalty regimes and environmental regulations, and 
future technology improvements. See "Uncertainty of Reserves Estimates" in the "Risk Factors" section of this AIF for further 
information.
37 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
Future Development Costs
The following table summarizes the undiscounted future developm

---

upation During Past 5 Years
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 56
Dean W. Halewich
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Senior Vice-President, Safety, 
Risk Management and Innovation 
(age 58)
Officer of the Company.
Sheryl L. Kapeluck
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Senior Vice-President, Finance
(age 50)
Officer of the Company since June 2023. Prior thereto, 
Director of Tax from 2019 to June 2023, and Vice-
President, Finance, Corporate from July 2023 to April 
2025.
Ronald K. Laing
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Chief Commercial &
Corporate Development Officer
(age 56)
Officer of the Company.
Devin C. Lowe
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Senior Vice-President, 
Exploitation
(age 52)
Officer of the Company. 
Erin L. Lunn
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Vice-President, Land
(age 51)
Officer of the Company since February 2022. Prior thereto 
Land Manager, Negotiations from July 2016 to February 
2022.
Mark A. Overwater
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Vice-President, 
Marketing 
(age 58)
Officer of the Company since February 2023. Prior thereto 
Director, Crude Oil Marketing since May 2017.
Kyle G. Pisio
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Vice-President,
Drilling, Completions and 
Asset Retirement
(age 44)
Officer of the Company since June 2021. Prior thereto 
Manager, Completions Engineering from July 2016 to 
June 2021.
Warren P. Raczynski
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Senior Vice-President, Thermal
(age 53)
Officer of the Company.
Kara L. Slemko
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Senior Vice-President, Commercial 
Operations and Corporate 
Development
(age 56)
Officer of the Company.
Trevor T. Wagil
Sturgeon County, Alberta
Canada
Senior Vice-President,
Oil Sands Mining
(age 41)
Officer of the Company.
Robin S. Zabek
Calgary, Alberta
Canada
Chief Operating Officer,
Exploration and Production
(age 54)
Officer of the Company.
Name Position Presently Held Principal Occupation During Past 5 Years
(1) Member of the Audit Committee.
(2) Member of the Compensation Committee.
(3) Member of the Health, Safety, Asset Integrity and Environmental Committee.
(4) Member of the Nominating, Governance and Risk Committee.
(5) Member of the Reserves Committee.
(6) Mr. Darel was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective April 30, 2025.
All directors stand for electi on at each Annual Meeting of the Company's Shareholders. All of the current directors, with the 
exception of Ms. S.A.M. Brown, were elected to the Board at the last Annual and Special Meeting of the Company's 
Shareholders held on May 8, 2025. Ms. C.M. Best will be retiring in 2026 as she will not be standing for re-election at the 
Annual Meeting of the Company's Shareholders to be held on May 7, 2026 .  Subject to her re-election, Ms. S.A.M. Brown will 
be appointed as the new Chair of the Audit Committee after the next Annual Meeting. In addition, Mr. W.A. Gobert has reached 
the mandatory age of retirement and will also not be standing for re-election. The Honourable F.J. McKenna also reached the 
57 Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form
Board's mandatory age of retirement in 2026. However, due to the significant changes to the Compensation Committee 
resulting from the retirements of Ms. Best and Mr. Gobert, both of whom were members of the Compensation Committee, the 
Board, in recognition of Mr. McKenna's unique skills and expertise, has requested that Mr. McKenna extend his tenure on the 
Board for at least one additional year to support the new Compensation Committee members and ensure that the role of Chair 
of the Compensation Committee is properly transitioned to his successor.
As of the date hereof, 11 of the 13 directors are independent. The two management directors are Mr. N.M. Edwards and Mr. 
S.G. Stauth.  At the 2026 Annual Meeting of the Company's Shareholders, 12 directors will be standing for election, 10 of 
whom will be independent. For details on the Director nominees, refer to the Company's Information Circular dated March 18, 
2026 incorporated herein by reference.
As at December 31, 2025, the directors and executive officers of the Company, as a group, beneficially owned or controlled or 
directed, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, approximately 47 million common shares (approximately 2%) of the total 
outstanding common shares of 2,081,578,000 (approximately 3% after the exercise of options held by them pursuant to the 
Company's stock option plan).
There are potential conflicts of interest to which the directors and officers of the Company may become subject in connection 
with the operations of the Company. Some of the directors and officers have been and will continue to be engaged in the 
identification and evaluation of businesses and assets with a view to potential acquisition of interests on their own behalf and 
on behalf of other corporations. Situations may arise where the directors and officers will be in direct competition with the 
Company. Conflicts, if any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies under the Business Corporations Act (Alberta).
Canadian Natural 2025 Annual Information Form 58
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS
From time to time, the Company is the subject of litigation arising out of the Company's normal course of operations. Damages 
claimed under such litigation may be material and the outcome of such litigation may materially impact the Company's financial 
condition or results of operations. While the Company assesses the merits of each lawsuit and defends itself accordingly, the 
Company may be required to incur significant expenses or devote significant resources to defend itself in such litigation. There 
are currently no legal proceedings to which the Company is or was a party, or that any of its property is or was the subject of, 
which would be expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and the Company is not aware of any 
such legal proceedings that are contemplated.
During the year ended December 31, 2025 , there were no penalties or sanctions imposed against the Company by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or other regulatory body relating to securities legislation or by a securities regulatory authority and the 
Company has not entered int