consolidated income statement . Accruals for legal matters . During 2023, we recorded a charge of $40 million for a legal matter within corporate administrative support. Corporate administrative support expenses decreased $50 million due to the absence in 2024 of the legal charge described above, and decreased incentive compensation costs, partially offset by increased compensation expenses in 2024. 68 charges Year ended December 31, Annual change 2024 2023 Amount Percent (dollars in millions) Debt expense $ 470 $ 399 $ 71 17.8 % Debt prepayment, extinguishment and modification costs $ 20 $ 8 $ 12 150.0 % Weighted average effective interest rate (1) 5.07 % 4.52 % 0.55 % Other loss, net $ (70) $ (19) $ (51) (268.4) % Effective income tax rate 18.3 % 18.7 % (0.4) % Effective income tax rate attributable to DaVita Inc. (2) 22.9 % 24.3 % (1.4) % Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests $ 314 $ 265 $ 49 18.5 % Certain columns or rows may not sum or recalculate due to the presentation of rounded numbers. (1) Represents our overall weighted average effective interest rate on all debt, including the effect of interest rate caps and amortization of debt discount, premium and deferred financing charges. (2) For a reconciliation of our effective income tax rate attributable to DaVita Inc., see the " Reconciliations of measures " section below. Debt expense Debt expense increased primarily due to an increase in overall weighted average effective interest rate principally related to the expiration of our 2019 interest rate cap agreements on June 30, 2024, which had lower rates than our currently effective interest rate caps, as well as an increase in our our debt balance related to the issuance of 6.875% senior notes due 2032 and incremental borrowing on our Term Loan A-1, partially offset by the repayment of the Term Loan B-1. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the components of our debt and changes in them since 2023. Debt extinguishment and modification costs Debt prepayment, extinguishment and modification costs were $20 million in 2024 composed of fees incurred in connection with the additional incremental borrowing on our Term Loan A-1 (Incremental Term Loan A-1), the extension of the maturity date of a portion of our Term Loan B-1 from August 2026 to May 2031 (Extended Term Loan B-1), and deferred financing costs and original issue discount written off for the extinguishment of the Term Loan B-1. Comparatively, debt extinguishment and modification costs were $8 million in 2023 related to the refinancing of our prior Term Loan A and prior revolving line of credit. These costs were composed of deferred financing costs written off for the portion of this debt considered extinguished and reborrowed and fees incurred as part of this debt refinancing. See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Incremental Term Loan A-1, Extended Term Loan B-1 and the components of our debt. Other loss Other loss consists primarily of interest income on cash and cash equivalents and short- and investments, equity investment (loss) income on equity method investments other than dialysis partnerships, realized and unrealized gains and losses recognized on other investments, impairments on investments, and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Other loss increased primarily due to equity investment losses on our investment in Mozarc Medical Holding LLC (Mozarc), including the $14 million gain recognized in 2023 on the assets contributed to Mozarc, partially offset by decreased losses recognized on other investments, decreased losses on foreign currency transactions and an increase in interest income. Provision for income taxes Our effective income tax rate and effective income tax rate attributable to DaVita Inc. decreased in 2024 primarily due to the tax impact of gains related to previously nonconsolidated businesses and a decrease in nondeductible executive compensation. This benefit was partially offset by additional expense recognized in 2024 for finalized tax returns and a decrease in benefits recognized for uncertain tax positions. 69 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests The increase in income attributable to noncontrolling interests was due to an increase in earnings at certain U.S. dialysis partnerships. U.S. dialysis accounts receivable Our U.S. dialysis accounts receivable balances at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were $1.615 billion and $1.632 billion, respectively, representing approximately 52 days and 54 days of revenue (DSO), respectively. The decrease in DSO was primarily due to continued collections improvements. Our DSO calculation is based on the most recent quarter’s average revenues per day. There were no significant changes during 2024 from 2023 in the carrying amount of accounts receivable outstanding over one year old or in the amounts pending approval from payors. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, our U.S. dialysis accounts receivable balances that are more than six months old represented approximately 23% and 19% of our U.S. dialysis accounts receivable balances outstanding, respectively. Substantially all revenue realized for patient services is received from government and commercial payors, as discussed above. Less than 1% of our revenues in both periods were classified as patient pay. Amounts pending approval from payors associated with Medicare bad debt claims as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, other than the standard monthly billing, were approximately $107 million, and are classified within other receivables. A significant portion of our Medicare bad debt claims are typically paid to us before the Medicare fiscal intermediary audits the claims but are subject to subsequent adjustment based upon the actual results of those audits. Such audits typically occur one to four years after the claims are filed. 70 Liquidity and capital resources The following table summarizes our major sources and uses of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Year ended December 31, Annual change 2024 2023 Amount Percent (dollars in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities: Net income $ 1,251 $ 957 $ 294 30.7 % items in net income 801 908 (107) (11.8) % Other working capital changes 44 209 (165) (78.9) % Other (74) (14) (60) (428.6) % $ 2,022 $ 2,059 $ (37) (1.8) % Net cash used in investing activities: Maintenance capital expenditures (1) $ (394) $ (406) $ 12 3.0 % Development capital expenditures (2) (162) (162) — — % Acquisition expenditures (246) (26) (220) (846.2) % Proceeds from sale of properties 18 11 7 63.6 % Other 12 (189) 201 106.3 % $ (771) $ (772) $ 1 0.1 % Net cash used in financing activities: Debt proceeds (payments), net $ 1,095 $ (550) $ 1,645 299.1 % Deferred and debt related financing costs (51) (70) 19 27.1 % Distributions to noncontrolling interests (337) (281) (56) (19.9) % Contributions from noncontrolling interests 14 15 (1) (6.7) % Stock award exercises and other share issuances (114) (48) (66) (137.5) % Share repurchases (1,386) (272) (1,114) (409.6) % Other (39) 35 (74) (211.4) % $ (817) $ (1,170) $ 353 30.2 % Total number of shares repurchased 9,832,705 2,903,832 6,928,873 238.6 % Free cash flow (3) $ 1,162 $ 1,236 $ (74) (6.0) % Certain columns or rows may not sum or recalculate due to the presentation of rounded numbers. (1) Maintenance capital expenditures represent capital expenditures to maintain the productive capacity of the business and include those made for investments in information technology, dialysis center renovations, capital asset replacements, and any other capital expenditures that are not development or acquisition expenditures. (2) Development capital expenditures principally represent capital expenditures (other than acquisition expenditures) made to expand the productive capacity of the business and include those for new U.S. and international dialysis center developments, dialysis center expansions and relocations, and new or expanded contracted hospital operations. (3) For a reconciliation of our free cash flow, see the " Reconciliations of measures " section below. Consolidated cash flows Consolidated cash flows from operating activities for 2024 and 2023 were $2,022 million and $2,059 million, respectively. The decrease in cash flows was primarily driven by increases in taxes and interest paid combined with changes in other working capital items partially offset by improved operating results. Cash flows used for investing activities in 2024 was flat compared to 2023. An increase in acquisitions due to our international growth was largely offset by decreases in equity investments driven by our investment in Mozarc in 2023. 71 Cash flows used in financing activities decreased $353 million in 2024 compared to 2023. Significant sources of cash during the period included the extension of the maturity date from August 2026 to May 2031 for a portion of our Term Loan B-1 (the Extended Term Loan B-1 transaction) in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $1,640 million, (such portion referred to as the Extended Term Loan B-1), the incurrence of an incremental Term Loan A-1 tranche in the aggregate principal amount of $1,100 million (such portion referred to as the Incremental Term Loan A-1), the issuance of 6.875% senior notes due 2032 in the amount of $1,000 million (the 6.875% Senior Notes) and Change Healthcare temporary funding assistance of $93 million, net, pursuant to the CHC Funding Arrangement during the year ended December 31, 2024. Significant uses of cash during that same period included debt prepayments on Term Loan B-1 in the aggregate amount of approximately $2,590 million as part of the Extended Term Loan B-1, Incremental Term Loan A-1 and 6.875% Senior Notes transactions, and regularly scheduled principal payments under our senior secured credit facilities totaling approximately $75 million on our Term Loan A-1, $14 million on Term Loan B-1 and $4 million on Extended Term Loan B-1, as well as additional required payments under other debt arrangements. Additionally, we recognized financing cash outflows of $36 million in deferred financing costs and discount related to the Fourth and Sixth Amendments to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement and 6.875% Senior Notes transactions, as well as $15 million in cap premium fees for our 2024 forward interest rate cap agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2024 we also used cash to repurchase 9,832,705 shares of our common stock. By comparison, 2023 significant uses of cash included the of the remaining principal balance outstanding on our prior Term Loan A and prior revolving line of credit in the amount of $1,444 million and $150 million, respectively. Other uses of cash included regularly scheduled and other principal payments under our senior secured credit facilities totaling approximately $54 million on our prior Term Loan A, $16 million on our new Term Loan A-1, $57 million on Term Loan B-1, additional net repayments of $15 million on our revolving line of credit, as well as additional required payments under other debt arrangements. Additionally, we recognized financing cash outflows of $30 million in deferred financing costs related to the Amendments to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement and $40 million in cap premium fees for our 2023 forward interest cap agreements. Significant sources of cash during the period included the refinancing of the Term Loan A and revolving line of credit with a secured Term Loan A-1 facility in the aggregate principal amount of $1,250 million. During the year ended December 31, 2023 we also used cash to repurchase 2,903,832 shares of our common stock. Dialysis center capacity and growth We are typically able to increase our capacity by extending hours at our existing dialysis centers, expanding our existing dialysis centers, relocating our dialysis centers, developing new dialysis centers and by acquiring dialysis centers. The development of a typical new outpatient dialysis center generally requires approximately $2 million for leasehold improvements and other capital expenditures. Based on our experience, a new outpatient dialysis center typically opens within a year after the property lease is signed, normally achieves operating profitability in the second year after Medicare certification, and normally reaches maturity within three to five years. Acquiring an existing outpatient dialysis center requires a substantially greater initial investment, but profitability and cash flows are generally accelerated and more predictable. To a limited extent, we enter into agreements to provide management and administrative services to outpatient dialysis centers in which we own a noncontrolling interest or which are by third parties in return for management fees. The table below shows the growth in our dialysis operations by number of dialysis centers owned or operated: U.S. International 2024 2023 2024 2023 Number of centers operated at beginning of year 2,675 2,724 367 350 Acquired centers 12 — 198 12 Developed centers 13 20 5 8 Net change in managed or administered centers (1) (7) 3 (47) 2 Sold and closed centers (2) (12) (6) (6) (2) Closed centers (3) (24) (66) (8) (3) Number of centers operated at end of year 2,657 2,675 509 367 (1) Represents the change in the number of dialysis centers which we manage or provide administrative services to but in which we own a noncontrolling equity interest or which are by third parties. For our international business, 2024 activity includes a reduction in managed centers, and an increase in acquired centers, from the consolidation of our APAC joint venture on November 1, 2024. (2) Represents dialysis centers that were sold and/or closed for which the majority of patients were not retained. (3) Represents dialysis centers that were closed for which the majority of patients were retained and transferred to one of our other existing outpatient dialysis centers. 72 Stock repurchases The following table summarizes our common stock repurchases during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: Year ended December 31, 2024 2023 (dollars in millions and shares in thousands, except per share data) Shares 9,833 2,904 Amounts paid (1) $ 1,389 $ 286 Average price paid per share (2) $ 140.06 $ 97.82 (1) Includes commissions and the 1% excise tax imposed on certain stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022 by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The excise tax is recorded as part of the cost basis of treasury stock repurchased and, as such, is included in stockholders’ equity. (2) Excludes commissions and the excise tax described above Subsequent to December 31, 2024, we have repurchased 778,746 shares of our common stock for $125 million at an average price paid of $158.48 per share through February 13, 2025, including repurchases from Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) pursuant to our previously disclosed share repurchase agreement. See further discussion of our share repurchase activity, authorizations and information on our share repurchase agreement with Berkshire in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. Available liquidity As of December 31, 2024, our cash balance was $795 million and we held approximately $51 million in investments. At that time we also had undrawn capacity on the revolving line of credit under our senior credit facilities of $1.5 billion. Credit available under this revolving line of credit is reduced by the amount of any letters of credit outstanding thereunder, of which there were none as of December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024 we separately had approximately $161 million in letters of credit outstanding under a separate bilateral secured letter of credit facility. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for components of our debt and their interest rates. We believe that our cash flows from operations and other sources of liquidity, including from amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our access to the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund our scheduled debt service under the terms of our debt agreements and other obligations for the foreseeable future, including the next 12 months. From time to time, depending on market conditions, our capital requirements and the availability of financing, among other things, we may seek to refinance our existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness. Our primary recurrent sources of liquidity are cash from operations and cash from borrowings, which are subject to general, economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control, as described in Part I Item 1A. "Risk Factors" under the heading " The level of our current and future debt... " Reconciliations of measures The following tables provide reconciliations of adjusted operating income (loss) to operating income (loss) as presented on a U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis for our U.S. dialysis reportable segment as well as for our U.S. IKC business, our U.S. other ancillary services, our international business, and for our total ancillary services which combines them and is disclosed as our other segments category, in addition to our corporate administrative support. In connection with a comment letter from the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff, beginning in the second quarter of 2024, we have updated the presentation of our measures to no longer exclude center closure costs for all periods presented. To facilitate comparisons, the measures presented for prior periods have also been conformed to the presentation of measures for the current period. These or "adjusted" measures are presented because management believes these measures are useful adjuncts to, but not alternatives for, our GAAP results. Specifically, management uses adjusted operating income (loss) to compare and evaluate our performance period over period and relative to competitors, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to establish operational budgets and forecasts and for incentive compensation purposes. We believe this measure is also useful to investors and analysts in evaluating our performance over time and relative to competitors, as well as in analyzing the underlying trends in our business. We also believe this presentation enhances a user's understanding of our normal operating income by excluding certain items which we do not believe are indicative of our ordinary results of operations. 73 In addition, our effective income tax rate on income attributable to DaVita Inc. excludes noncontrolling owners' income, which primarily relates to paying entities. We believe this adjusted effective income tax rate is useful to management, investors and analysts in evaluating our performance and establishing expectations for income taxes incurred on our ordinary results attributable to DaVita Inc. Finally, our free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less distributions to noncontrolling interests, development capital expenditures, and maintenance capital expenditures; plus contributions from noncontrolling interests and proceeds from the sale of properties. Management uses this measure to assess our ability to fund acquisitions and meet our debt service obligations and we believe this measure is equally useful to investors and analysts as an adjunct to cash flows from operating activities and other measures under GAAP. It is important to bear in mind that these "adjusted" measures are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, nor as substitutes for, their most comparable GAAP measures. Year ended December 31, 2024 U.S. dialysis Ancillary services Corporate administration U.S. IKC U.S. Other International Total Consolidated (dollars in millions) Operating income (loss) $ 2,121 $ (35) $ (9) $ 127 $ 83 $ (113) $ 2,090 Gain on changes in ownership interests (1) (35) — — (74) (74) — (109) Adjusted operating income (loss) (2) $ 2,086 $ (35) $ (9) $ 52 $ 8 $ (113) $ 1,981 Certain columns or rows may not sum or recalculate due to the presentation of rounded numbers. Year ended December 31, 2023 U.S. dialysis Ancillary services Corporate administration U.S. IKC U.S. Other International Total Consolidated (dollars in millions) Operating income (loss) $ 1,775 $ (39) $ (25) $ 55 $ (9) $ (163) $ 1,603 Severance and other costs (3) 27 — — — — 1 28 Legal matter (4) — — — — — 40 40 IKC adjustment (5) — (55) — — (55) — (55) revaluation (6) — — (8) — (8) — (8) Goodwill impairment (6) — — 26 — 26 — 26 Adjusted operating income (loss) (2) $ 1,801 $ (93) $ (7) $ 55 $ (45) $ (122) $ 1,635 Certain columns or rows may not sum or recalculate due to the presentation of rounded numbers. (1) Represents gains recognized on the acquisitions of controlling financial interests in previously nonconsolidated partnerships in 2024. See additional discussion above under the heading " Gain on changes in ownership interests " within " U.S. dialysis results of operations " and "Ancillary services results of operation" for the $35 million and $74 million, respectively. These gains were to mark our prior investments in these businesses to fair value before consolidation and to recognize related foreign currency gains from translation adjustments previously deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains on changes in business ownership interests do not represent a normal and recurring requirement of operating our business or generating revenues and may obscure analysis of underlying trends and financial performance. (2) In connection with the conclusion of a comment letter from the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff in July 2024, beginning in the second quarter 2024, we have updated the presentation of our measures to no longer exclude center closure costs for all periods presented. To facilitate comparisons, the measures presented for prior periods also have been conformed to the presentation of the measures for the current period. (3) Includes severance and other termination costs related to a prior strategic restructuring initiative and associated transition of certain general and administrative support functions to a third party. See additional discussion above under the heading " Severance costs " within " U.S. dialysis results of operations " and " Severance and other costs " within " Ancillary services results of operations ". (4) Represents an amount that was accrued for costs prior to agreement on a settlement for the matter further described in Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements under the heading " 2017 U.S. Attorney Colorado Investigation ". We have excluded this charge, which had been previously disclosed, from our metrics because, among other things, we do not believe it is indicative of our ordinary results of operations. In this instance, among the factors considered were that the claim relates to prior ancillary operations or activities that we sold or closed (or otherwise ceased) prior to June 2020, and the charge is significant and may obscure analysis of underlying trends and financial performance of our current business. 74 (5) Our fiscal year 2023 results included a majority of shared savings revenues earned for both 2022 and 2023 as a result of a general shift in the timing of recognition for shared savings under our VBC contracts with health plans due to the lifting of certain revenue recognition constraints in 2023. This amount represents the effect of shared savings revenues recognized in 2023 incremental to what we would have recognized in 2023 under prior year constraints. We have excluded this benefit to operating income because it is both unusual to our business and significant in size, and may obscure analysis of underlying trends and financial performance. See additional discussion above under " IKC adjustment" within " Ancillary services results of operations" . (6) Represents a goodwill impairment charge, and related gain from a reduction in obligation values, for our transplant software business. See additional discussion above under the heading " Goodwill impairment charge and related items" within " Ancillary services results of operations" . This charge and this gain are excluded from our metrics because they do not occur in or reflect the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations, are inherently unpredictable and, in the case of impairments, are amounts, the exclusion of which facilitates comparison of historical, current, and forecasted financial results. Year ended December 31, 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Income before income taxes $ 1,530 $ 1,177 Less: Noncontrolling owners’ income primarily attributable to paying entities (315) (263) Income before income taxes attributable to DaVita Inc. $ 1,215 $ 914 Income tax expense $ 280 $ 220 Income tax attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) 2 Income tax expense attributable to DaVita Inc. $ 279 $ 222 Effective income tax rate on income attributable to DaVita Inc. 22.9 % 24.3 % Certain columns or rows may not sum or recalculate due to the presentation of rounded numbers. Year ended December 31, 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 2,022 $ 2,059 Adjustments to reconcile net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: Distributions to noncontrolling interests (337) (281) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 14 15 Maintenance capital expenditures (394) (406) Development capital expenditures (162) (162) Proceeds from sale of properties 18 11 Free cash flow $ 1,162 $ 1,236 Certain columns or rows may not sum or recalculate due to the presentation of rounded numbers. 75 sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations In addition to the debt obligations and operating lease liabilities reflected on our balance sheet, we have commitments associated with letters of credit as well as certain working capital funding obligations associated with our equity investments in nonconsolidated dialysis ventures that we manage and some we manage that are by third parties. We also have potential obligations to purchase the noncontrolling interests held by third parties in many of our dialysis partnerships and other nonconsolidated entities. These obligations are in the form of put provisions that are exercisable at the owners’ discretion within specified periods as outlined in each specific put provision. For additional information see Notes 16 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of these cash contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2024: 2025 2026-2027 2028-2029 Thereafter Total (dollars in millions) Debt and leases: debt (1) : Principal payments $ 243 $ 315 $ 1,911 $ 6,826 $ 9,295 Interest payments on credit facilities and senior notes 500 967 746 489 2,702 Financing leases (2) 28 62 51 75 216 Operating leases, including imputed interest (2) 508 971 696 864 3,039 $ 1,279 $ 2,315 $ 3,404 $ 8,254 $ 15,252 Partnership interests subject to put provisions: (3) sheet: Noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions 1,527 84 44 40 1,695 sheet: and minority owned put provisions 57 — — — 57 $ 1,584 $ 84 $ 44 $ 40 $ 1,752 (1) See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for components of our debt and related interest rates. (2) See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for components of our leases and related interest rates. (3) Represents amounts for which we are contractually committed, should the outside partner exercise its put option. As of December 31, 2024 we had outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of approximately $161 million under a separate bilateral secured letter of credit facility. As of December 31, 2024 we have outstanding purchase agreements with various suppliers to purchase set amounts of dialysis equipment, parts, pharmaceuticals, and supplies. If we fail to meet the minimum purchase commitments under these contracts during any year, we are required to pay the difference to the supplier. For additional information see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. We also have certain potential commitments to provide working capital funding, if necessary, to certain nonconsolidated dialysis businesses that we manage and in which we own a noncontrolling equity interest or which are by third parties. For additional information see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, we expect our 2025 capital expenditures to be consistent with our 2024 capital expenditures. In addition, we have approximately $39 million of existing income tax liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, which are excluded from the table above as reasonably reliable estimates of their timing cannot be made. On March 5, 2024, we entered into four separate purchase agreements with Fresenius Medical Care AG and its affiliates to acquire their dialysis service operations in Chile, Ecuador, Colombia and Brazil. The Chile, Ecuador and Colombia transactions closed during 2024. The Brazil transaction is expected to close 2025 and remains subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approval. The expected cash payment for this remaining transaction is approximately $100 million, subject to certain customary adjustments. 76 Contingencies The information in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report is incorporated by reference in response to this item. Critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. These accounting principles require us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities, contingencies and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions (redeemable equity interests). All significant estimates, judgments and assumptions are developed based on the best information available to us at the time made and are regularly reviewed and updated when necessary. Actual results will generally differ from these estimates, and such differences may be material. Changes in estimates are reflected in our financial statements in the period of change based upon actual experience trends or subsequent settlements and realizations depending on the nature and predictability of the estimates and contingencies. Certain accounting estimates, including those concerning revenue recognition and accounts receivable, fair value estimates for goodwill and noncontrolling interests, accounting for income taxes, and loss contingencies are considered to be critical to evaluating and understanding our financial results because they involve inherently uncertain matters and their application requires the most difficult and complex judgments and estimates. For additional information, see Part IV Item 15, " Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules" – Note 1 – "Organization and summary of significant accounting policies " as referred from Part II Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ." Revenue recognition and accounts receivable for our U.S. dialysis patient services . There are significant estimating risks associated with the amount of U.S. dialysis patient service revenue that we recognize in a given reporting period. Payment rates are often subject to significant uncertainties related to wide variations in the coverage terms of the commercial healthcare plans under which we receive payments. In addition, ongoing insurance coverage changes, geographic coverage differences, differing interpretations of contract coverage, and other payor issues complicate the billing and collection process. The measurement and recognition of revenue requires the use of estimates of the amounts that will ultimately be realized considering, among other items, retroactive adjustments that may be associated with regulatory reviews, audits, billing reviews and other matters. Revenues associated with Medicare and Medicaid programs are recognized based on (a) the payment rates that are established by statute or regulation for the portion of the payment rates paid by the government payor (e.g., 80% for Medicare patients) and (b) for the portion not paid by the primary government payor, the estimated amounts that will ultimately be collectible from other government programs providing secondary coverage (e.g., Medicaid secondary coverage), the patient’s commercial health plan secondary coverage, or the patient. Our reimbursements from Medicare are subject to certain variations under Medicare’s single bundled payment rate system whereby our reimbursements can be adjusted for certain patient characteristics and other variable factors. Our revenue recognition depends upon our ability to effectively capture, document and bill for Medicare’s base payment rate and these other factors. In addition, as a result of the potential range of variations that can occur in our reimbursements from Medicare under the single bundled payment rate system, our revenue recognition is subject to a greater degree of estimating risk. Commercial healthcare plans, including contracted payors, are billed at our usual and customary rates; however, revenue is recognized based on estimated net realizable revenue for the services provided. Net realizable revenue is estimated based on contractual terms for the patients covered under commercial healthcare plans with which we have formal agreements, commercial healthcare plan coverage terms if known, estimated secondary collections, historical collection experience, historical trends of refunds and payor payment adjustments (retractions), inefficiencies in our billing and collection processes that can result in denied claims for payments, the estimated timing of collections, changes in our expectations of the amounts that we expect to collect and regulatory compliance matters. Determining applicable primary and secondary coverage for our approximately 200,800 U.S. dialysis patients at any given point in time, together with the changes in patient coverages that occur each month, requires complex, processes. Collections, refunds and payor retractions typically continue to occur for up to three years or longer after services are provided. We generally expect the range of our U.S. dialysis revenue estimating risk to be within 1% of revenue, which can represent as much as approximately 5% of our U.S. dialysis business’s operating income and adjusted operating income. Changes in estimates are reflected in the financial statements based on actual experience trends, or subsequent settlements and realizations depending on the nature and predictability of the estimates and contingencies. Changes in revenue estimates for prior periods are separately disclosed and reported if material to the current reporting period and longer term trend analyses, and have not been significant. Revenues for laboratory services, which are integrally related to our dialysis services, are recognized in the period services are provided at the estimated net realizable amounts to be received. 77 Certain fair value estimates. Fair value measurements and estimates affect, or potentially affect, a variety of elements in the Company's financial statements. Two of the elements most significantly impacted by fair value estimates are the Company's goodwill impairment assessments and remeasurements of its noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions balance. Goodwill is not amortized, but is assessed for impairment at least annually, or when changes in circumstances warrant. An impairment charge is recorded when and to the extent a reporting unit's carrying amount is determined to exceed its estimated fair value. Changes in circumstance that may trigger a goodwill impairment assessment for one of our business units can include, among others, changes in the legal environment, addressable market, business strategy, development or business plans, reimbursement structure or rates, operating performance, future prospects, relationships with partners, interest rates and/or market value indications for the subject business. We use a variety of factors to assess changes in the financial condition, future prospects and other circumstances for businesses subject to goodwill impairment assessment. However, these assessments and the related valuations can involve significant uncertainties and require significant judgment on various matters. The Company is also required to remeasure its noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions to estimated fair value each reporting period. These estimates also require substantive judgment on meaningful uncertainties concerning this significant balance. See Notes 16 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the Company's approach to these valuations, the variables and uncertainties involved, and the sensitivity of these valuations to changes in a primary aggregate valuation metric. Accounting for income taxes . Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management’s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous state and foreign jurisdictions, and changes in tax laws or regulations may be proposed or enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax liability. The actual impact of any such laws or regulations could be materially different from our current estimates. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our consolidated income tax expense. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdictions from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, results of recent operations, and assumptions about the amount of future federal, state, and foreign operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgments and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses. To the extent that recovery is not likely, a valuation allowance is established. The allowance is regularly reviewed and updated for changes in circumstances that would cause a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax assets. Loss contingencies. As discussed in Notes 1 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, we operate in a highly regulated industry and are party to various lawsuits, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits (including, without limitation, investigations or other actions resulting from our obligation to suspected violations of law), contract disputes and other legal proceedings. Assessments of such matters can involve a series of complex judgments about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. We record accruals for loss contingencies on such matters to the extent that we determine an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for further discussion. Significant new accounting standards See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for information regarding certain recent financial accounting standards that have been issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). 78 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and other relevant market rate or price changes. In the ordinary course of business, the Company is exposed to various market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange and interest rates, and the Company regularly evaluates the exposure to such changes. The Company addresses its exposure to market risks, principally the market risks associated with changes in interest rates, through a controlled program of risk management that includes, from time to time, the use of derivative financial instruments such as interest rate cap agreements. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. Interest rate sensitivity We believe that our cash flows from operations and other sources of liquidity, including from amounts available under our current credit facilities and our access to the capital markets, will be sufficient to fund our scheduled debt service under the terms of our debt agreements and other obligations for the foreseeable future, including the next 12 months. Our primary recurrent sources of liquidity are cash from operations and cash from borrowings. One means of assessing exposure to interest rate changes is a analysis that measures the potential loss in net income resulting from a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 100 basis points across all variable rate maturities (referred to as a parallel shift in the yield curve). Under this model, with all else held constant, it is estimated that such an increase would have reduced net income by approximately $4.2 million, $4.8 million, and $21.4 million, net of tax and the effect of our interest rate caps, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. For a further discussion of our debt and interest rate cap agreements, see Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements at Part IV Item 15, " Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules" – Note 12 as referred from Part II Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. " Exchange rate sensitivity While our business is predominantly conducted in the U.S., we have developing operations in 13 other countries as well. For financial reporting purposes, the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency. However, the functional currencies of our operating businesses in other countries are typically those of the countries in which they operate. Therefore, changes in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the local currencies in which our international operations are conducted affect our results of operations and financial position as reported in our consolidated financial statements. We have consolidated the balance sheets of our .S. dollar denominated operations into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet dates and have translated their revenues and expenses at average exchange rates during each period. Additionally, our individual subsidiaries are exposed to transactional risks mainly resulting from intercompany transactions between and among subsidiaries with different functional currencies. This exposes the subsidiaries to fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the invoicing or obligation currencies and the currency in which their local operations are conducted. We evaluate our exposure to foreign exchange risk through the judgment of our international and corporate management teams. Our international operations constitute approximately 14% of our consolidated assets and approximately 8% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024, with no single country constituting more than 4% of consolidated assets. In addition, our unrealized foreign currency translation (losses) gains were approximately 9.9%, 5.5%, and 2.2% of our consolidated operating income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Given the relatively small size of our international operations, management does not consider our exposure to foreign exchange risk to be significant to the consolidated enterprise. As such, through December 31, 2024, we have not engaged in transactions to hedge the exposure of our international transactions or net investments to foreign currency risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data See the Index to Financial Statements and Index to Financial Statement Schedules included at Part IV Item 15, " Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules." Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 79 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) as amended is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. At the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures in accordance with the Exchange Act requirements as of December 31, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as required by the Exchange Act as of such date for our Exchange Act reports, including this report. Management recognizes that these controls and procedures can provide only reasonable assurance of desired outcomes, and that estimates and judgments are still inherent in the process of maintaining effective controls and procedures. There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that was identified during the evaluation that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or adopted or terminated a 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarter ended December 31, 2024. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 80 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance We intend to disclose any amendments or waivers to the Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions, on our website located at http://www.davita.com . In 2002, we adopted a Corporate Governance Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and to all of our financial accounting and legal professionals who are directly or indirectly involved in the preparation, reporting and fair presentation of our financial statements and Exchange Act reports. The Code of Ethics is posted on our website, located at http://www.davita.com . We also maintain a Corporate Code of Conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, which is posted on our website. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines all Board Committees including the Audit Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee, which are composed solely of independent directors as defined within the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, have written charters that outline the committee’s purpose, goals, membership requirements and responsibilities. These charters are regularly reviewed and updated as necessary by our Board of Directors. All Board Committee charters as well as the Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted on our website located at http://www.davita.com . The other information required to be disclosed by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the sections entitled " Proposal 1 Election of Directors" , " Corporate Governance" , and " Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" to be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual stockholder meeting. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the sections entitled " Executive Compensation ", " Pay Ratio Disclosure ", " Compensation of Directors " and " Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation " included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual stockholder meeting. The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K will appear in and is incorporated by reference from the section entitled " Compensation Committee Report" to be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual stockholder meeting; however, this information shall not be deemed to be filed. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance stock units and other rights under all of our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2024, which consist of our DaVita Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan, DaVita Healthcare Partners Inc. 2011 Incentive Award Plan and our DaVita Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The material terms of these plans are described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. Plan category (shares in thousands) Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Total of shares reflected in columns (a) and (c) (a) (b) (c) (d) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 3,751 $ 108.02 10,256 14,007 Equity compensation plans not requiring shareholder approval — — — — Total 3,751 $ 108.02 10,256 14,007 (1) Includes 673 shares of common stock reserved for issuance in connection with performance share units at the maximum number of shares issuable thereunder. (2) This weighted average excludes full value awards such as restricted stock units and performance share units. Other information required to be disclosed by Item 12 will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the section entitled " Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" to be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual stockholder meeting. 81 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the section entitled " Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and the section entitled " Corporate Governance" to be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual stockholder meeting. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item will appear in, and is incorporated by reference from, the section entitled " Proposal 2 Ratification of the Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" to be included in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual stockholder meeting. Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP , Seattle, WA, USA PCAOB ID: 185 . 82 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this Report: (1) Index to Financial Statements: Page Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting F- 1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 4 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 F- 5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 F- 6 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 F- 8 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 F- 9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 11 (2) Exhibits The information required by this Item is set forth in the Exhibit Index that precedes the signature pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 83 DAVITA INC. MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and which includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. During the last fiscal year, the Company conducted an evaluation, under the oversight of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. This evaluation was completed based on the criteria established in the report titled " Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based upon our evaluation under the COSO framework, we have concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which report is included in this Annual Report. F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors DaVita Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of DaVita Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 13, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. U.S. dialysis patient service revenue recognition As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized $11,366 million in U.S. dialysis patient service revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. There are uncertainties associated with estimating U.S. dialysis patient service revenue, which generally take several years to resolve. As these estimates are refined over time, both positive and negative adjustments are recognized in the current period. We identified the recognition of the transaction price the Company expects to collect as a result of satisfying its performance obligations related to U.S. dialysis patient service revenue as a critical audit matter because it involves estimation that requires complex auditor judgment. The key assumptions and inputs used to estimate the transaction price relate to ongoing insurance coverage changes, differing interpretations of contract coverage, determination of applicable primary and secondary coverage, coordination of benefits, and varying patient characteristics impacting Medicare reimbursements. Changes to the key assumptions and inputs used in the application of the methodology may have a significant effect on the Company’s determination of the estimate. F-2 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s U.S. dialysis patient service revenue recognition process, including controls related to the application of the methodology used to estimate the transaction price, and the key assumptions and inputs. We evaluated the Company’s key assumptions and inputs to estimate the transaction price the Company expects to collect as a result of satisfying its performance obligation by comparing key assumptions to historical collection experience, trends of refunds and payor payment adjustments, delays in the Company’s billing and collection process and regulatory compliance matters. Additionally, we compared U.S. dialysis patient service revenue related to the transaction price estimates recognized in prior periods to actual cash collections related to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods to analyze the Company’s ability to estimate the transaction price the Company expects to collect as a result of satisfying its performance obligations. We developed an estimate of U.S. dialysis patient service revenue recorded by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024. Evaluation of legal proceedings and regulatory matter s As discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company operates in a highly regulated industry and is a party to various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations, audits (including, without limitation, investigations or other actions resulting from its obligation to suspected violation of law) and other legal proceedings. The Company records accruals for certain legal proceedings and regulatory matters to the extent an unfavorable outcome is probable, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We identified the evaluation of legal proceedings and regulatory matters as a critical audit matter. Due to the nature of the legal proceedings and regulatory matters, a high degree of subjectivity was required in evaluating the completeness of the Company’s population of legal proceedings and regulatory matters. Additionally, complex auditor judgment was required in evaluating the Company’s probability of outcome assessment, and related disclosures. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s legal proceedings and regulatory matters process. This includes controls over the Company’s determination of the completeness of the population of legal proceedings and regulatory matters, as well as controls over the Company’s probability of outcome assessment, and related disclosures. We tested existing legal proceedings and regulatory matters by reading certain written correspondence received from outside parties as well as reading certain written responses provided to outside parties. We read letters received directly from the Company’s external and internal legal counsel that described certain legal proceedings and regulatory matters. We involved forensic professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who inspected the Company’s compliance case log. Additionally, we assessed the completeness of the population of legal proceedings and regulatory matters and related disclosures by 1) inquiring of certain key executives and directors and 2) evaluating information received through procedures described above and through publicly available information about the Company, its competitors, and the industry. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2000. Seattle, Washington February 13, 2025 F-3 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors DaVita Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g We have audited DaVita Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 13, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Seattle, Washington February 13, 2025 F-4 DAVITA INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Dialysis patient service revenues $ 12,260,375 $ 11,574,941 $ 11,176,464 Other revenues 555,175 565,206 433,430 Total revenues 12,815,550 12,140,147 11,609,894 Operating expenses: Patient care costs 8,598,521 8,319,717 8,209,553 General and administrative 1,538,341 1,473,984 1,355,197 Depreciation and amortization 723,860 745,443 732,602 Equity investment income, net ( 26,189 ) ( 27,864 ) ( 26,520 ) Goodwill impairment charges — 26,083 — Gain on changes in ownership interests ( 109,466 ) — — Total operating expenses 10,725,067 10,537,363 10,270,832 Operating income 2,090,483 1,602,784 1,339,062 Debt expense ( 470,469 ) ( 398,551 ) ( 357,019 ) Debt prepayment, extinguishment and modification costs ( 19,813 ) ( 7,962 ) — Other loss, net ( 69,808 ) ( 19,177 ) ( 15,765 ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes 1,530,393 1,177,094 966,278 Income tax expense 279,656 220,116 198,087 Net income from continuing operations 1,250,737 956,978 768,191 Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax — — 13,452 Net income 1,250,737 956,978 781,643 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 314,395 ) ( 265,443 ) ( 221,243 ) Net income attributable to DaVita Inc. $ 936,342 $ 691,535 $ 560,400 Earnings per share attributable to DaVita Inc.: Basic net income from continuing operations $ 11.02 $ 7.62 $ 5.88 Basic net income $ 11.02 $ 7.62 $ 6.03 Diluted net income from continuing operations $ 10.73 $ 7.42 $ 5.71 Diluted net income $ 10.73 $ 7.42 $ 5.85 Weighted average shares for earnings per share: Basic shares 84,991 90,790 92,992 Diluted shares 87,274 93,182 95,834 Amounts attributable to DaVita Inc.: Net income from continuing operations $ 936,342 $ 691,535 $ 546,948 Net income from discontinued operations — — 13,452 Net income attributable to DaVita Inc. $ 936,342 $ 691,535 $ 560,400 See notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 DAVITA INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (dollars in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net income $ 1,250,737 $ 956,978 $ 781,643 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Unrealized gains on interest rate cap agreements: Unrealized gains 7,250 6,895 108,669 Reclassification of net realized gains into net income ( 43,660 ) ( 77,727 ) ( 8,806 ) Unrealized gains on defined benefit plans 46 — — Unrealized (losses) gains on foreign currency translation: Unrealized (losses) gains ( 207,861 ) 87,934 ( 29,802 ) Reclassification of net realized gains into net income ( 14,487 ) — — Other comprehensive (loss) income ( 258,712 ) 17,102 70,061 Total comprehensive income 992,025 974,080 851,704 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 314,395 ) ( 265,443 ) ( 221,243 ) Comprehensive income attributable to DaVita Inc. $ 677,630 $ 708,637 $ 630,461 See notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 DAVITA INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 794,933 $ 380,063 Restricted cash and equivalents 84,892 84,571 investments 51,064 11,610 Accounts receivable 2,146,975 1,986,856 Inventories 134,559 143,105 Other receivables 383,166 422,669 Prepaid and other current assets 122,948 102,645 Income tax receivable 27,535 6,387 Total current assets 3,746,072 3,137,906 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 2,940,916 3,073,533 Operating lease assets 2,393,558 2,501,364 Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 197,431 203,224 Equity method and other investments 336,684 545,848 investments 33,660 47,890 Other assets 261,731 271,253 Goodwill 7,375,216 7,112,560 $ 17,285,268 $ 16,893,578 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Accounts payable $ 547,200 $ 514,533 Other liabilities 934,145 828,878 Accrued compensation and benefits 800,484 752,598 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 410,411 394,399 Current portion of debt 270,867 123,299 Income tax payable 10,303 28,507 Total current liabilities 2,973,410 2,642,214 operating lease liabilities 2,209,655 2,330,389 debt 9,175,903 8,268,334 Other liabilities 169,588 183,074 Deferred income taxes 665,361 726,217 Total liabilities 15,193,917 14,150,228 Commitments and contingencies Noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions 1,695,483 1,499,288 Equity: Preferred stock ($ 0.001 par value, 5,000 shares authorized; none issued) — — Common stock ($ 0.001 par value, 450,000 shares authorized; 90,369 and 80,536 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024, respectively, and 88,824 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023) 90 89 Additional capital 286,270 509,804 Retained earnings 1,534,630 598,288 Treasury stock ( 9,833 and zero shares, respectively) ( 1,389,072 ) — Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 310,796 ) ( 52,084 ) Total DaVita Inc. shareholders' equity 121,122 1,056,097 Noncontrolling interests not subject to put provisions 274,746 187,965 Total equity 395,868 1,244,062 $ 17,285,268 $ 16,893,578 See notes to consolidated financial statements. F-7 DAVITA INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (dollars in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 1,250,737 $ 956,978 $ 781,643 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 723,860 745,443 732,602 Impairment charges — 26,083 — Loss on extinguishment of debt 12,527 7,132 — compensation expense 102,788 112,375 95,427 Deferred income taxes ( 57,840 ) ( 39,354 ) ( 75,669 ) Equity investment loss, net 115,839 64,777 8,773 Gain on changes in ownership interests ( 109,466 ) — — Other losses and (gains), net 13,414 ( 8,938 ) 21,693 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable ( 29,766 ) 172,361 ( 148,394 ) Inventories 17,942 ( 32,132 ) ( 757 ) Other current assets 36,801 ( 43,437 ) 27,533 Other assets ( 67,031 ) ( 5,792 ) ( 50,549 ) Accounts payable 1,699 26,890 87,481 Accrued compensation and benefits 14,687 56,209 34,536 Other current liabilities 46,733 27,082 89,955 Income taxes ( 44,214 ) 1,570 ( 24,103 ) Other liabilities ( 6,672 ) ( 8,216 ) ( 15,601 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 2,022,038 2,059,031 1,564,570 Cash flows from investing activities: Additions of property and equipment ( 555,443 ) ( 567,985 ) ( 603,429 ) Acquisitions ( 246,068 ) ( 26,394 ) ( 57,308 ) Proceeds from asset and business sales 25,862 30,610 117,582 Purchase of debt investments ( 15,319 ) ( 37,180 ) ( 129,803 ) Purchase of other debt and equity investments ( 9,140 ) ( 9,566 ) ( 3,590 ) Proceeds from debt investments 22,638 99,639 71,125 Proceeds from sale of other debt and equity investments 4,566 10,365 3,781 Purchase of equity method investments ( 5,205 ) ( 276,202 ) ( 31,885 ) Distributions from equity method investments 6,680 4,913 3,962 Other — — ( 782 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 771,429 ) ( 771,800 ) ( 630,347 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings 6,624,310 2,468,341 2,393,116 Payments on debt ( 5,515,213 ) ( 3,020,956 ) ( 2,404,395 ) Deferred and debt related financing costs ( 50,874 ) ( 69,791 ) ( 3 ) Purchase of treasury stock ( 1,385,932 ) ( 272,219 ) ( 802,228 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ( 337,042 ) ( 280,938 ) ( 267,946 ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans 20,453 16,900 18,577 Payment of tax withholdings on net share settlements of equity awards ( 134,040 ) ( 65,012 ) ( 55,944 ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests 14,499 14,773 14,797 Proceeds from sales of additional noncontrolling interests 860 50,962 3,673 Purchases of noncontrolling interests ( 53,958 ) ( 12,555 ) ( 20,775 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 816,937 ) ( 1,170,495 ) ( 1,121,128 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ( 18,481 ) 8,909 ( 29,066 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 415,191 125,645 ( 215,971 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year 464,634 338,989 554,960 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the year $ 879,825 $ 464,634 $ 338,989 See notes to consolidated financial statements. F-8 DAVITA INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (dollars and shares in thousands) interests subject to put provisions DaVita Inc. Shareholders' Equity interests not subject to put provisions Additional capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Common stock Treasury stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 1,434,832 97,289 $ 97 $ 540,321 $ 354,337 — $ — $ ( 139,247 ) $ 755,508 $ 180,640 Comprehensive income: Net income 151,379 560,400 560,400 69,864 Other comprehensive income 70,061 70,061 Stock purchase plan 285 — 18,061 18,061 Stock award plans 932 1 ( 55,921 ) ( 55,920 ) compensation expense 95,230 95,230 Changes in noncontrolling interest from: Distributions ( 176,957 ) ( 90,989 ) Contributions 10,962 3,835 Acquisitions and divestitures 2,392 939 939 866 Partial purchases ( 11,670 ) ( 6,586 ) ( 6,586 ) ( 193 ) Fair value remeasurements ( 62,487 ) 62,487 62,487 Other 457 — ( 457 ) Purchase of treasury stock ( 8,095 ) ( 787,854 ) ( 787,854 ) Retirement of treasury stock ( 8,095 ) ( 8 ) ( 47,596 ) ( 740,250 ) 8,095 787,854 — Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 1,348,908 90,411 $ 90 $ 606,935 $ 174,487 — $ — $ ( 69,186 ) $ 712,326 $ 163,566 Comprehensive income: Net income 176,789 691,535 691,535 88,654 Other comprehensive income 17,102 17,102 Stock purchase plan 231 — 18,213 18,213 Stock award plans 1,086 2 ( 65,014 ) ( 65,012 ) compensation expense 109,813 109,813 Changes in noncontrolling interest from: Distributions ( 184,044 ) ( 96,894 ) Contributions 12,878 1,895 Acquisitions and divestitures 181 13,077 13,077 30,776 Partial purchases ( 5,296 ) ( 5,375 ) ( 5,375 ) ( 32 ) Fair value remeasurements 149,872 ( 149,872 ) ( 149,872 ) Purchase of treasury stock ( 2,904 ) ( 285,710 ) ( 285,710 ) Retirement of treasury stock ( 2,904 ) ( 3 ) ( 17,973 ) ( 267,734 ) 2,904 285,710 — Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 1,499,288 88,824 $ 89 $ 509,804 $ 598,288 — $ — $ ( 52,084 ) $ 1,056,097 $ 187,965 F-9 DAVITA INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY - continued (dollars and shares in thousands) interests subject to put provisions DaVita Inc. Shareholders' Equity interests not subject to put provisions Additional capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Common stock Treasury stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 1,499,288 88,824 $ 89 $ 509,804 $ 598,288 — $ — $ ( 52,084 ) $ 1,056,097 $ 187,965 Comprehensive income: Net income 214,986 936,342 936,342 99,409 Other comprehensive loss ( 258,712 ) ( 258,712 ) Stock purchase plan 184 20,441 20,441 Stock award plans 1,361 1 ( 134,041 ) ( 134,040 ) compensation expense 99,095 99,095 Changes in noncontrolling interest from: Distributions ( 226,389 ) ( 110,653 ) Contributions 11,639 2,860 Acquisitions and divestitures 38,806 491 491 95,024 Partial purchases ( 49,265 ) ( 3,102 ) ( 3,102 ) 141 Fair value remeasurements 206,418 ( 206,418 ) ( 206,418 ) Purchase of treasury stock ( 9,833 ) ( 1,389,072 ) ( 1,389,072 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 1,695,483 90,369 $ 90 $ 286,270 $ 1,534,630 ( 9,833 ) $ ( 1,389,072 ) $ ( 310,796 ) $ 121,122 $ 274,746 See notes to consolidated financial statements. F-10 DAVITA INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 1. Organization and summary of significant accounting policies Organ

[truncated]