BETA Close X Smith+Nephew has launched ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE, a next-generation foam dressing designed for advanced wound management and pressure injury prevention. This five-layer dressing utilizes proprietary technologies proven to lock in significantly more exudate than other foam dressings, keep over 99% of bacteria away from the wound bed, and absorb up to 93% of mechanical energy to reduce pressure injury risk by over 65%. The dressing is expected to minimize leakage, enable longer wear times, and potentially release over 10% of nursing time globally. ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE is initially available in the US, with international launches planned for 2026. Disclaimer* Smith+Nephew launches next-generation ALLEVYN™ COMPLETE CARE Foam Dressing - designed for high performance in wound management and pressure injury prevention Smith+Nephew (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN), the global medical technology company, recently announced the launch of ALLEVYN ♢ COMPLETE CARE Foam Dressing, featuring proprietary technologies and performance backed by a portfolio of strong scientific data and clinical evidence. ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing has a unique five-layer construction with distinct mode of action technologies targeted towards both wound management and pressure injury prevention. Minimising leakage 1-4 and disruption by fewer dressing changes 5-7 , and protecting vulnerable skin 8-10 are essential to achieving this goal. Global estimates suggest that up to one in 50 adults are affected by chronic wounds in their lifetime, facing delayed healing and complications that impact daily life 11 . Studies report up to one in 10 hospitalised patients are affected by pressure injuries 12 , with hospital-acquired pressure injuries associated with an average of 9.5 additional days of hospital stay 13 . Pressure injuries and chronic wounds continue to place a significant burden on the broader healthcare system. Rohit Kashyap , President of Advanced Wound Management at Smith+Nephew, said “ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE is a true next-generation dressing that reflects our continued commitment to wound care innovation, delivering meaningful benefit where it matters most. Every dressing is designed for strong performance in both wound treatment and pressure injury prevention, helping patients get back to what they love, whilst reducing the costly and complex clinical burden.” ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing’s proprietary technologies have advanced capabilities that are designed to help clinicians care with confidence. The dressing was developed to address the needs of both wound management and pressure injury prevention, informed by collaboration with healthcare professionals and patients worldwide. It is proven to lock in significantly more exudate than other foam dressings 14 * while keeping over 99% of bacteria away from the wound bed 15† . This minimises leakage 16 *, enables longer wear times 17,18‡ for undisturbed healing, and has potential to release over 10% of valuable nursing time 19§ . Unbonded sliding layers within the dressing absorb up to 93% of mechanical energy 20† , helping to reduce the risk of pressure injury by over 65% 21-23¶ . Amit Gefen , Professor of Biomedical Engineering at Tel Aviv University, Israel, explains how ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing’s advanced biomechanical performance was intentionally designed to benefit patients. “ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing’s unbonded multilayer structure delivers a distinct mode of action that helps dissipate shear forces before they reach the skin and underlying soft tissues. This pioneering technology protects soft tissue and minimises the risk of developing a pressure injury.” 24,25# ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing is available in five different shapes and a variety of sizes to meet a diverse range of wound care needs. Initially available in the US, the dressing will be launching in many European and other international markets in 2026 as we continue to support patients’ unique needs, and shape what’s possible in wound care. To learn more about ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing, please click here . * As demonstrated in-vitro ; p<0.001 † Tested in-vitro ‡ ALLEVYN 5-layer dressings; compared to previous foam dressings § The data set used to create the 3.5 billion hour model revealed that globally, 4,011,188,929 hours is spent on dressing changes in the community per year, ALLEVYN 5-layer dressings as part of a shared wound care approach have the potential to release 10.8% (433,208,404) of these hours. ¶ ALLEVYN 5-layer dressings; reduction of per-patient cost of 37-69%; compared with using standard preventive care alone; n=359 # As demonstrated in Finite Element Modelling (FEM) model of the heel. References Smith+Nephew 2025. Bacterial absorbance, sequestration & retention testing of ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE. Internal report: CSD.AWM.25.019 V2. Smith+Nephew 2025. Free swell Absorbency and Retention after Compression Testing of ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing. Internal report: CSD.AWM.25.008. Tiscar-González V, Menor-Rodríguez MJ, Rabadán-Sainz C, et al. Clinical and Economic Impact of Wound Care Using a Polyurethane Foam Multilayer Dressing. Adv Skin Wound Care. 2021;34(1):23-30. Rossington A, Drysdale, K, and Winter R. Clinical performance and positive impact on patient wellbeing of ALLEVYN Life. Wounds UK . 2013;9(4):91-95. Smith+Nephew 2025. Change Indicator Usability of ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE. Internal report: CSD.AWM.25.023 V2. Costa B, Allen D. Results from an international survey: foam dressings with WTCI may enhance clinician confidence to extend wear times compared with other foam dressings. Poster presented at: the 33rd conference of the EWMA; May 3‒5, 2023; Milan, Italy. Hurd T, Allen D, Saunders C. Reduced weekly dressing changes with a five-layer foam dressing compared with other previously used dressings in wounds of mixed aetiology: results of a systematic literature review and meta‒analysis of clinical studies. Poster presented at: the 33rd conference of the EWMA; May 3‒5, 2023; Milan, Italy. Smith+Nephew 2024. Comparison of Frictional Energy Absorber Effectiveness (FEAE) in two five-layer hydrocellular polyurethane foam dressings (HPFD) containing superabsorber and masking layers. Internal report: CSD.AWM.24.057 V2. Smith+Nephew 2024. Finite Element Modelling (FEM) of ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing as a prophylactic dressing used to protect the posterior heel. Internal report: CSD.AWM.24.058 V2. Atkinson L, Costa B. Poster presented at: European Wound Management Association (EWMA);Pressure Injury Prevention with A Unique Multi-Layer Foam Dressing: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled trials. May 1–3, 2024; London, UK (NB: PIP meta-analysis) Atkin L. Clinical inertia in chronic wound care, Wounds International. 2025; 16 (1): 48 - 51. Li Z, Lin F, Thalib L, Chaboyer W. Global prevalence and incidence of pressure injuries in hospitalised adult patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Int J Nurs Stud . 2020;105:103546. Wassel CL, Delhougne G, Gayle JA, Dreyfus J, Larson B. Risk of readmissions, mortality, and hospital-acquired conditions across hospital-acquired pressure injury (HAPI) stages in a US National Hospital Discharge database. Int Wound J . 2020;17(6):1924–1934. Smith+Nephew 2025. Internal report: CSD.AWM.25.042 V2. Smith+Nephew 2025. Bacterial absorbance, sequestration & retention testing of ALLEVYN ◊ COMPLETE CARE Dressing. Internal report: CSD.AWM.25.019 V2. Smith+Nephew 2024. Internal report: CSD.AWM.24.057 V2 Atkinson L, Allen D, Costa B. Poster presented at: European Wound Management Association (EWMA); May 1–3, 2024; London, UK. (NB: EM meta-analysis) Costa B, Allen D. Poster presented at: European Wound Management Association (EWMA); May 3–5, 2023; Milan, Italy. Moore Z, Loney A, Probst S, et al. 3.5 billion hours of nurse time released by 2030: Potential efficiency gains from shared care and long-wear advanced foam dressings. Wounds International. 2022;13(2):10–16. Orlova D, Orlov A, Gefen A. The Protective Efficacy of a New Soft Silicone Multi-Layer Dressing in Reducing the Heel Pressure Ulcer Risk. International Wound Journal. 2025;22(10):e70764. Atkinson L, Costa B. Pressure Injury Prevention with A Unique Multi-Layer Foam Dressing: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials. Poster presented at the 34th European Wound Management Association Annual Meeting, May 1-3, 2024, London, UK. Marché C, Creehan S, Gefen A. The frictional energy absorber effectiveness and its impact on the pressure ulcer prevention performance of multilayer dressings. Int Wound J. 2024 Apr;21(4):e14871. Forni C, Searle R. A multilayer polyurethane foam dressing for pressure ulcer prevention in older hip fracture patients: an economic evaluation. J Wound Care . 2020 Feb 2;29(2):120-127. Smith+Nephew 2024. Comparison of Frictional Energy Absorber Effectiveness (FEAE) in two five-layer hydrocellular polyurethane foam dressings (HPFD) containing superabsorber and masking layers. Internal report: CSD.AWM.24.057 V2. Smith+Nephew 2024. Finite Element Modelling (FEM) of ALLEVYN COMPLETE CARE Dressing as a prophylactic dressing used to protect the posterior heel. Internal report: CSD.AWM.24.058 V2. Enquiries Frida Wilhelmsson +46 (738) 499 429 Smith+Nephew frida.wilhelmsson@smith-nephew.com About Smith+Nephew Smith+Nephew is a portfolio medical technology business focused on the repair, regeneration and replacement of soft and hard tissue. We exist to restore people’s bodies and their self-belief by using technology to take the limits off living. We call this purpose ‘Life Unlimited’. Our 17,000 employees deliver this mission every day, making a difference to patients’ lives through the excellence of our product portfolio, and the invention and application of new technologies across our three global business units of Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT and Advanced Wound Management. Founded in Hull, UK, in 1856, we now operate in around 100 countries, and generated annual sales of $6.2 billion in 2025. Smith+Nephew is a constituent of the FTSE100 (LSE:SN, NYSE:SNN). The terms ‘Group’ and ‘Smith+Nephew’ are used to refer to Smith & Nephew plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. For more information about Smith+Nephew, please visit www.smith-nephew.com and follow us on X , LinkedIn , Instagram or Facebook . Forward-looking Statements This document may contain forward-looking statements that may or may not prove accurate. For example, statements regarding expected revenue growth and trading profit margins, market trends and our product pipeline are forward-looking statements. Phrases such as "aim", "plan", "intend", "anticipate", "well-placed", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "target", "consider" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied by the statements. For Smith+Nephew, these factors include: conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, economic and financial conditions in the markets we serve, especially those affecting healthcare providers, payers and customers; price levels for established and innovative medical devices; developments in medical technology; regulatory approvals, reimbursement decisions or other government actions; product defects or recalls or other problems with quality management systems or failure to comply with related regulations; litigation relating to patent or other claims; legal and financial compliance risks and related investigative, remedial or enforcement actions; disruption to our supply chain or operations or those of our suppliers; competition for qualified personnel; strategic actions, including acquisitions and disposals, our success in performing due diligence, valuing and integrating acquired businesses; disruption that may result from transactions or other changes we make in our business plans or organisation to adapt to market developments; relationships with healthcare professionals; reliance on information technology and cybersecurity; disruptions due to natural disasters, weather and climate change related events; changes in customer and other stakeholder sustainability expectations; changes in taxation regulations; effects of foreign exchange volatility; and numerous other matters that affect us or our markets, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive or reputational nature. Please refer to the documents that Smith+Nephew has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including Smith+Nephew's most recent annual report on Form 20-F, which is available on the SEC’s website at www. sec.gov, for a discussion of certain of these factors. Any forward-looking statement is based on information available to Smith+Nephew as of the date of the statement. All written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Smith+Nephew are qualified by this caution. Smith+Nephew does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in circumstances or in Smith+Nephew's expectations. ◊ Trademark of Smith+Nephew. Certain marks registered in US Patent and Trademark Office. AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies Smith & Nephew (SN.) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 hour ago Public Policy Holding Company, Inc. (DI) (REG S, CAT3) 1 hour ago Pulsar Group 1 hour ago Mercia Asset Management 1 hour ago ITM Power 14 hours ago Oxford Nanopore Technologies All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and