Li Ning Company Limited Announces 2024 Annual Results | Media OutReach Newswire Skip to content About Us FAQ Journalists Client Login Newsroom Solutions Distribution Insights Contact Us Demo All news Automobile Business ESG Healthcare Hospitality Technology Earned media coverage Guaranteed online news postings Post-release reports with data insights PR Campaign Intelligence Asia Pacific USA & Canada UK & Europe Middle East & Africa Latin America Global Newsroom All news Automobile Business ESG Healthcare Hospitality Technology Solutions Earned media coverage Guaranteed online news postings Post-release reports with data insights PR Campaign Intelligence Distribution Asia Pacific USA & Canada UK & Europe Middle East & Africa Latin America Global Insights Contact Us Demo About Us FAQ Journalists Client Login Home Newsroom Sports Li Ning Company Limited Announces 2024 Annual Results Published on: 28 Mar 2025 5:50pm | Issuer: Li Ning Company Limited Share Copy Strengthen the “Single Brand, Multi-Categories, Diversified Channels” Strategy | Solidify Brand and Product Competitiveness, Ensure Steady Operations, and Achieve Pragmatic Growth HONG KONG SAR – Media OutReach Newswire – 28 March 2025 – Li Ning Company Limited (the “Company” or “Li Ning Company”; together with the subsidiaries, collectively, the “Group”; stock codes: 2331 (HKD counter) and 82331 (RMB counter)) announces today its 2024 annual results for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Year”). Financial Results In 2024, the Group’s annual performance was generally in line with expectations, a result of robust operational resilience and effective strategic execution. During the Year, the Group’s revenue amounted to RMB28,676 million, representing an increase of 3.9% as compared to that of 2023 (2023: RMB27,598 million). Gross profit amounted to RMB14,156 million, representing an increase of 6.0% compared to that of 2023(2023: RMB13,352 million). The overall gross profit margin increased by one percentage point to 49.4%(2023: 48.4%). During the year, the net profit attributable to equity holders was RMB3,013 million (2023: RMB3,187 million). The margin of net profit attributable to equity holders was 10.5% (2023: 11.5%). Return on equity attributable to equity holders was 11.9% (2023: 13.1%). Basic earnings per share was RMB116.98 cents (2023: RMB123.21 cents). The Board has recommended the payment of final dividend of RMB20.73 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2024, together with the interim dividend of RMB37.75 cents per ordinary share paid in September 2024, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024 will amount to RMB58.48 cents per ordinary share or a total dividend payout ratio of 50%(2023: 45%). In terms of cash flow management, the Group’s net cash generated from operating activities during the year amounted to RMB5,268 million (2023: RMB4,688 million). As at 31 December 2024, cash and cash equivalents (including cash at banks and in hand, and fixed term deposits with original maturity of no more than three months) amounted to RMB7,499 million, representing an increase of RMB2,055 million, as compared with the position as at 31 December 2023. Adding back the amount recorded as fixed-term deposits held at banks, cash balance amounted to RMB18,141 million, which represented a net increase of RMB166 million as compared to 31 December 2023. During the year, the Group maintained a healthy level of operating capital, and the net cash generated from operating activities increased compared to the previous year. The Company will continue to prudently assess its capital plan in light of market conditions and capital requirements to ensure maximum efficiency in the use of capital and to support its long-term development objectives. Operational Summary During the Year, the Group maintained its focus on the core strategy of “Single Brand, Multi-categories, Diversified Channels” to enhance product strength through continuous research and development and technological innovation. Furthermore, the Group made significant progress across various aspects of its business including product innovation, brand building, and channel optimization. In 2024, the Group made multi-dimensional breakthroughs in the research and development of technologies. During the Year, the Group launched the new midsole technology “Super BOOM”(超䨻), which is not only lighter and more elastic but also boasts an exceptional elasticity-to-weight ratio, representing the pinnacle of performance for supercritical foaming materials. The BOOM technology platform has achieved four application breakthroughs within six years, evolving from a “single technology” to “four major technologies”. This progression demonstrates the Group’s commitment to exploring materials and manufacturing processes and exceptional ability to deploy and broaden their application, further enhancing its ability to diversify product offerings and iterate product lines. In respect of branding and marketing, the Group continued to focus on the six core categories of running, basketball, training, badminton, table tennis, and sports casual. It also actively explored emerging sports and subcategories, such as outdoor sports, golf, tennis and pickleball. The Group leveraged technological innovation capabilities to drive product upgrades underpinned by three key pillars: solidifying a professional sports mindset, showcasing sports fashion aesthetics, and inheriting Chinese cultural values. Moreover, it proactively sought to strengthen its differentiated brand advantages and enhance brand influence through diversified and comprehensive marketing campaigns. Capitalizing on the market opportunities presented by a year distinguished major sporting events, the Group delved into the essence of its brand spirit and gained insights into the younger generation’s attitudes towards sports. Through these efforts, it articulated the brand spirit of “Dare to Imagine, Create Excellence, Anything is Possible”(敢於想像，創造精彩，一切皆有可能) and launched the “In My Name”(以我為名)-themed marketing campaign, aiming to solidify LI-NING’s professional image and establish a deeper emotional connection with consumers. In respect of channel, the Group consolidated and enhanced operational efficiency for high-end markets and accelerate expansion into emerging markets. In the high-end markets, the Group focused on improving the efficiency of single store sales through a series of refined management processes and the orderly closure of stores with substantial losses to make the channel layout more reasonable, effectively enhancing overall channel efficiency. At the same time, the Group actively expanded its presence in emerging markets. Diversified sales strategies and flexible market response capabilities enable the Group to gradually expand its market share in emerging markets. As of 31 December 2024, the number of conventional stores, flagship stores, China LI-NING stores, factory outlets and multi-brand stores under the LI-NING brand (including LI-NING Core Brand and LI-NING YOUNG) amounted to 7,585, representing a net decrease of 83 POS as compared to 31 December 2023. The number of distributors was 41 (including sales channels of China LI-NING stores), representing a net decrease of 5 as compared to 31 December 2023. In terms of retail operations, the Group intensified efforts to promote a single-store operational model with solid profit and efficiency. It established standard profit and loss models for stores at all levels, standardizing and quantifying core store metrics to link them with management objectives across departments. This formed an efficient and coordinated management system, contributing to improved overall operational efficiency. The Group also strengthened the synergies between inventory and sales planning for single-stores and was committed to achieving improvements in both operational efficiency and supply chain management, ensuring efficient and accurate resource allocation and profitability. In terms of new retail business, the Group continued to deepen the construction of its new retail business system, focusing on enhancing digitalization and all-channel operational capabilities. The aim is to efficiently convert private traffic and steadily improve sales performance. The Group actively explored diversified business models such as acquiring traffic through popular social media platforms like Douyin (抖音) and collaborating online with core channels to broaden sales, increase the proportion of out-of-store sales, and empower stores with new retail capabilities. In terms of e-commerce operations, facing intensified market competition and a sluggish consumption environment, the Group continued to deepen e-commerce reform and strengthened its core competitiveness in the e-commerce sector across the board through online and offline interaction, diversified marketing campaigns, and precise capture of major sales promotions. In terms of supply chain, the Group focused on exploring and matching high-quality supply chain resources, gradually improving the supplier matrix for high-end and outdoor products to ensure precise alignment between products and supply chain resources. The Group also implemented a flexible supply chain strategy to closely monitor market demand. Initiatives to refine management and analyse digital information support interoperability and transparency, improve the level of automation, and significantly enhance inventory efficiency along the supply chain. While flexibly responding to market changes, the Group strived to achieve dual improvements in production efficiency and economic benefits. In 2024, the Group made remarkable achievements in logistics. Four major regional logistics centres across the country underwent comprehensive automation upgrades and began operations. The Nanning central warehouse is set to begin operations in 2025, which will improve delivery efficiency and logistics and warehousing operational capabilities in the southwest of the country. The Group is also proactively promoting refined logistics plan management across its divisions. Through the optimization of digital tools, the Group catered to the specific needs of its sales teams, improved the efficiency of goods distribution, and reduced logistics costs. In terms of kidswear business, LI-NING YOUNG refined its youth product offerings, leveraging the core competitiveness of its clothing and accessories, while actively expanded into emerging markets, improved single-store efficiency, strengthened construction of clearance channels, promoted product distribution, and expanded the customer base. In terms of retail operations, LI-NING YOUNG continued to enhance operational efficiency and actively acquire and convert customers. Meanwhile, the Group actively built a community marketing system to strengthen member interaction and provide exclusive benefits to strengthen member loyalty and sales conversion rates. In terms of marketing, LI-NING YOUNG planned a series of offline youth activities and cross-border collaborations, focusing on popular sports including basketball, football, running and outdoor activities to showcase the brand’s diverse appeal. Meanwhile, LI-NING YOUNG leveraged social media platforms, ensuring that its messaging reaches target audiences, drives engagement, and reinforces the concept of being a “professional youth sports brand”. As at 31 December 2024, the total number of LI-NING YOUNG POS amounted to 1,468, representing a net increase of 40 POS since 31 December 2023. O utlook Looking ahead, the Group will continue to fulfil its commitments by focusing on its core strategy of “Single Brand, Multi-categories, Diversified Channels”, and ensure its effective implementation by strengthening operational systems and consolidating foundational support. 1. Strengthen the implementation of core strategies. By maintaining the healthy development of its core businesses, the Group will further integrate resources and leverage the LI-NING technology platform to further improve its professional product offerings in subcategories such as running, basketball, training, badminton, table tennis and sports casual. It will also deepen the fusion of the sporting spirit and its brand to enhance its competitiveness and influence in core business areas. Meanwhile, in addition to active efforts to optimize its product structure, the Group will expand diversified dressing scenarios with a commitment to the single-brand strategy, deeply integrate sports fashion culture, and launch sports products that combine technology and fashion. In addition, it will take the lead in laying out new pathways for sports consumption, especially in the markets for women, outdoor and youth, striving to achieve breakthrough progress in these emerging fields and drive diversified business expansion. Moreover, the Group is committed to expanding its presence in all target markets, with the aim to create business opportunities in each channel, continuously enhance brand influence, and drive sustained business growth. 2. Optimize operational efficiency. The Group will focus on boosting operational efficiency to ensure the effective implementation of its “Single Brand, Multi-categories, Diversified Channels” strategy. Deepened cross-departmental collaboration and streamlined business processes will empower the Group with efficient product management operations and allchannel integration and supply chain collaboration. Meanwhile, the Group will adopt refined management practices and strictly control costs and benefits, to ensure optimal allocation of resources. At the organizational level, the Group will endeavour to streamline management levels, optimize talent structure, cultivate efficient teams, and promote collaboration among organizations, in order to accelerate the decision-making process, enhance execution, and build a flexible and efficient operational structure. 3. Reinforce underlying support. In terms of underlying support, the Group will ensure sound operations of its financial systems, strengthen fund management and optimize capital structure, and improve financial transparency in a way that provides a solid financial foundation for long-term development. At the same time, the Group will deepen the integration of digital and smart tools by applying digital and intelligent technologies to make more scientific business decisions and adapt with agility to market changes. Through data analysis, artificial intelligence and automation tools, the Group will enhance its insight into market trends and understanding of consumer behaviour, thereby driving innovation in products and services and providing strong support for sustained development. Mr. Li Ning, Executive Chairman and Joint CEO of the Group, concluded, “Looking ahead to 2025, with strong policy support, consumer spending has the potential to grow decently in China. As a company with long-term roots in China market and a focus on professional products for sports, we are confident in our future development and will seize this opportunity to drive high-quality growth. Notably, LI-NING will once again partner with the Chinese Olympic Committee and the Chinese Sports Delegation from 2025 to 2028, which underscores the full trust and responsibility bestowed by the General Administration of Sport of China and the Chinese Olympic Committee and the high recognition of the Group’s professionalism and innovation. By adhering to its core value of ‘serving the public with sportsmanship’, LI-NING is committed to becoming the most prominent and stylish sports brand from China and the preferred sports brand of Chinese consumers.” Hashtag: #LiNing #Sportswear About Li Ning Company Limited Li Ning Company Limited is one of the leading sports brand companies in China, mainly operating professional and leisure footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories under the LI-NING brand. The Group has comprehensive research and development, design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and retail management capabilities. It has established an extensive retail distribution network and supply chain management system in China. We are committed to be the most prominent, stylish, world-leading sports brand from China. In addition to its core LI-NING brand, the Group also manufactures, develops, markets, distributes, sells various sports products which are self-owned by or licensed to the Group, including Double Happiness (table tennis), AIGLE (outdoor sports) and Kason (badminton), which are operated through joint venture/associate with third parties of the Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Industry/Tags: Business Sports Finance Lifestyle Read in TC Li Ning Company Limited newsroom More news Li Ning Company Limited Announces 2026 Interim Results FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS In the first half of the year, the Group recorded the following operating results: Revenue rose by 2.8% to RMB15,235 million; gross profit margin increased by 0.9 percentage points to 50.9% Net operating cash inflow was RMB954 million Net profit attributable to equity holders was RMB1,816 million with net profit margin of 11.9%, and EBITDA margin was 22.1% Working capital rema… Li Ning Company Limited AUG 20, 2026 10:23pm HKT Finance Sports Business +more 李寧有限公司公佈2025年全年業績 李寧有限公司（「李寧」或本「公司」，連同附屬公司，總稱本「集團」；香港聯交所股份代號：2331（港幣櫃台）及82331（人民幣櫃台））今天宣佈集團截至2025年12月31日止年度（「年內」）之經審核綜合業績。 財務業績 2025年，集團持續提升產品科技性能、優化渠道效率、深化品牌專業心智，全年經營情況保持穩健。年內，集團收入達295.98億元人民幣，較2024年同期上升3.2%（2024年：286.76億元人民幣）。毛利為144.89億元人民幣，較2024年同期上升2.4%（2024年：141.56億元人民幣），集團整體毛利率為49.0%，較去年同期下降0.4個百分點（2024年：49.4%）。 年內，集團權益持有人應佔溢利為29.36億元人民幣（2024年：30.13億元人民幣）；權益持有人應佔溢利率為9.9%（2024年：10.5%）；權益持有人應佔權益回報率為10.9%（2024年：… 李寧有限公司 MAR 19, 2026 11:43pm HKT Finance Sports Business +more Li Ning Company Limited Announces 2025 Interim Results FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS In the first half of the year, the Group recorded the following operating results: – Revenue rose by 3.3% to RMB14,817 million; gross profit margin declined by 0.4 percentage points to 50% – Net operating cash inflow was RMB2,411 million – Net profit attributable to equity holders was RMB1,737 million with net profit margin of 11.7%, and EBITDA margin was 23.7% Working capital… Li Ning Company Limited AUG 21, 2025 11:52pm HKT Business Sports Finance +more Li Ning Company Limited Announces 2024 Annual Results Li Ning Company Limited (the "Company" or "Li Ning Company"; together with the subsidiaries, collectively, the "Group"; stock codes: 2331 (HKD counter) and 82331 (RMB counter)) announces today its 2024 annual results for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the "Year"). Financial Results In 2024, the Group's annual performance was generally in line with expectations, a result of robust operational res… Li Ning Company Limited MAR 28, 2025 5:50pm HKT Business Sports Finance Lifestyle +more Ready to get real results from your press release distribution? Send a release Request a demo As the first and only top-tier global newswire founded in Asia Pacific, Media OutReach Newswire redefines press release distribution by solving the communication and reporting challenges faced by PR professionals. As an AI-enabled global newswire, we empower brands to build brand trust, grow AI visibility, and achieve maximum PR impact. Talk to us info@media-outreach.com WeChat WhatsApp Newsroom Solutions Earned media coverage Guaranteed online news postings Post-release reports with data insights PR Campaign Intelligence Distribution Asia Pacific USA & Canada UK & Europe Middle East & Africa Latin America Global Insights Talking PR with Ivan Theodoulou, Founder of Eight Public Relations Man, Media, Machine: How Do You Reach Both Journalists and AI? Why Your Press Release Is a GEO Asset (If Distributed Right) About us For journalists Contact us FAQs Scan QR code to follow us! Legal Terms Privacy Policy Sitemap Copyright © Media OutReach Limited 2026. All rights reserved.