Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 Consolidated Balance Sheets 51 Consolidated Statements of Operations 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 53 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 54 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 55 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 57 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 42 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 43 Item 9B. Other Information 46 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 46 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11. Executive Compensation 46 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 46 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 46 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 46 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 47 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 47 EXHIBIT INDEX 94 SIGNATURES 97 Exhibit 21.1 Exhibit 23.1 Exhibit 31.1 Exhibit 31.2 Exhibit 32.1 2 Table of Contents Unless the context otherwise indicates or requires, as used in this annual report on Form 10-K, references to “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” refer to Verisk Analytics, Inc. and its subsidiaries. In this annual report on Form 10-K, all dollar amounts are expressed in millions, unless indicated otherwise. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING STATEMENTS Verisk Analytics, Inc. ("Verisk" or the "Company") has made statements under the captions “Business,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in other sections of this annual report on Form 10-K that are statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by words such as “may,” “might,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” or “continue,” the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth strategies, and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the statements, including those factors discussed under the caption entitled “Risk Factors.” You should specifically consider the numerous risks outlined under “Risk Factors.” Although we believe the expectations reflected in the statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance, or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these statements. We are under no duty to update any of these statements after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Our Company Verisk is a leading data, analytics, and technology provider serving clients in the insurance ecosystem. Using advanced technologies to collect and analyze billions of records, we draw on unique data assets, insurance industry knowledge, and technological expertise to provide valuable solutions that are integrated into client workflows. We offer predictive analytics and decision support solutions to clients in rating, underwriting, claims, catastrophe, weather risk, and many other fields. In the United States (“U.S.”) and around the world, we help clients protect individuals, communities, and businesses. We completed the sale of our Energy business on February 1, 2023. Our clients use our solutions to make better decisions about risk and improve operating efficiency. We refer to these products and services as solutions due to the integration among our services and the flexibility that enables our clients to purchase components or a comprehensive package. These solutions take various forms, including proprietary data assets, expert industry insight, statistical models, tailored analytic objects, and robust software platforms all designed to allow our clients to make more informed risk decisions. We believe our solutions for analyzing risk have a positive impact on our clients’ revenues and help them better manage their costs. In 2025, our clients included all of the top 100 property and casualty ("P&C") insurance providers in the U.S. for the lines of P&C services we offer. We believe that our commitment to our clients and the embedded nature of our solutions serve to strengthen and extend our relationships. We believe that Verisk is uniquely positioned with a series of competitive differentiators including: • Proprietary Data Assets – Data is at the core of what we do. We use our proprietary and contributory data assets to develop predictive analytics and transformative models for our clients; • Deep Insurance Industry Expertise and Focus – We have specialized and knowledge in insurance and risk management that drives our engagement with our clients; • Industry Relationships – Our early beginnings as an insurance rating bureau have established us as a trusted partner for the industry, as well as a source of insights for our clients; and • Scale to Drive Broad Distribution of Innovation – Our scale enables us to innovate on behalf of the insurance industry and deliver solutions that strive to solve our clients’ biggest challenges. Our Business Strategy Our vision is to be the leading strategic data, analytics, and technology partner to the global insurance industry by delivering value to our clients through knowledge, expertise, and scale. Our business strategy is driven by the following priorities: • Drive Consistent & Predictable Growth. With our clear focus on insurance, integrated organization and our and culture, we strive to deliver consistent and predictable growth. We are leveraging our strong client relationships to extend our reach within insurance and elevate the strategic dialogue with our clients. We are modernizing and advancing the capabilities of our core solutions using cloud technology and advanced analytical methods including machine learning and artificial intelligence ("AI") while also augmenting our solutions through the addition of new data assets and sources. In addition, we are working on building leadership positions in adjacent spaces, including life insurance, specialty business solutions, and resilience and sustainability. With the client at the center of all we do, we are driving innovation across our portfolio and partnering with our clients to help solve the insurance industry's greatest challenges with a focus on rapidly changing technology, growing regulatory focus, and value creation; • Drive Operating Efficiency and Profitability. Our subscription business model, as well as our ability to build solutions that serve the insurance industry at large, helps drive core operating leverage. In addition, we strive to deliver productivity enhancements and operating efficiency through the use of advanced technology and a global talent workforce. We seek to balance this with high return on capital investment in the business to continue to drive growth and profitability; and • Ensure Disciplined Capital Allocation. We are focused on generating strong cash flow and ensuring that we are disciplined in how we allocate that capital with a focus on directing capital to the highest return investments. First, we prioritize organic reinvestment in the business, which can produce high internal returns. Second, we look for selective, strategic acquisitions that can expand our data assets, augment our capabilities, and expand our reach within the insurance industry while also creating value by leveraging our capabilities and resources. Finally, we expect to return excess capital to shareholders while also maintaining a strong balance sheet. 4 Table of Contents Our History We trace our history to 1971, when Insurance Services Office, Inc. ("ISO") started operations as a advisory and rating organization providing services to the U.S. P&C insurance industry. ISO was formed as an association of insurance companies to gather statistical data and other information from insurers and report to regulators, as required by law. ISO’s original functions also included developing programs to help insurers define and manage insurance solutions and providing information to help insurers determine their own independent premium rates. Insurers used and continue to use our offerings primarily in their product development, underwriting, and rating functions. On May 23, 2008, in contemplation of our initial public offering ("IPO"), ISO formed Verisk, a Delaware corporation, to be the holding company for our business. Verisk was initially formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of ISO. On October 6, 2009, in connection with our IPO, we effected a reorganization whereby ISO became a wholly owned subsidiary of Verisk. Verisk common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on October 7, 2009, under the ticker symbol “VRSK.” Segments We operate in one segment, Insurance. See Note 19. of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for further information. Insurance Segment We operate in one segment, Insurance, which primarily serves our P&C insurance customers across most personal and commercial lines of business, focusing on the fundamental building blocks of insurance programs, the prediction of loss, the selection and pricing of risk, and compliance with their reporting requirements in each U.S. state in which they operate. We also develop and utilize and artificially intelligent models to forecast scenarios and produce both standard and customized analytics that help our customers better manage their businesses, including detecting fraud before and after a loss event and quantifying losses. Our customers, acquired over more than 50 years, include most of the P&C insurance providers in the U.S. In recent years, we have expanded our offerings into certain .S. markets and the fields of life insurance and annuities. We offer our solutions and services primarily through annual subscriptions or agreements, which are typically prepaid (annually and quarterly) and represented over 80% of our revenues in 2025. We believe we are well positioned to increase our penetration of the global insurance industry because of our proprietary data assets, industry relationships, deep insurance industry expertise, and our scale to drive broad distribution of our new innovations. Underwriting Powered by proprietary and contributory data and advanced analytics and technologies, we offer a full suite of solutions to support our P&C clients across the insurance policy lifecycle. This support spans their product development, new and renewal underwriting, risk selection and segmentation, pricing, and straight through to policy binding and issuance. We continue to grow our presence internationally and expand our capabilities into new spaces, such as life insurance and annuities, and into new workflows, including customer acquisition. Forms, Rules, and Loss Costs We are a recognized leader in the U.S. for insurance programs that help P&C insurers define coverages and issue policies. We provide policy language, prospective loss costs, policy writing and rating rules, and a variety of underwriting solutions for risk selection and segmentation, pricing, and workflow optimization across 32 lines of insurance. Our policy language, prospective loss cost information, and policy writing rules can serve as integrated, turnkey insurance programs for our clients. Insurance companies need to ensure that their policy language, rules, and rates comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. They must also make sure their policies remain competitive by promptly changing coverages in response to changes in statutes, case law, or regulatory requirements. To meet our clients’ needs, we process approximately 2,000 regulatory filings and interface with state regulators in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands each year to ensure smooth implementation of our rules and forms. When insurers choose to develop their own alternative programs, our insurance programs also help regulators ensure that such insurers’ policies meet basic coverage requirements. Standardized coverage language, which has been tested in litigation and tailored to reflect judicial interpretation, helps ensure consistent treatment of claimants. As a result, our language also simplifies claim settlements and can reduce the occurrence of costly litigation because our language causes the meaning of coverage terminology to become established and known. Our policy language includes standard coverage language, endorsements, and policy writing support language that assist our clients in understanding the risks they assume and the coverages they offer. With these policy programs, insurers also benefit from economies of scale. We have more than 250 insurance experts and specialized lawyers reviewing changes in each state’s insurance rules and regulations, including an average of approximately 17,600 legislative actions, 22,000 regulatory actions, and 2,000 court decisions per year, to make any required changes to our policy language and rating information. To cover the wide variety of risks in the marketplace, we offer a broad range of policy programs. For example, in the homeowners line of insurance, we maintain policy language and rules for approximately 6 basic coverages, 383 national endorsements, and 714 endorsements. 5 Table of Contents The P&C insurance industry is heavily regulated in the U.S. P&C insurers are required to collect statistical data about their premiums and losses and to report that data to regulators in every state in which they operate. Our statistical agent services have enabled P&C insurers to meet those regulatory requirements for more than 50 years. We aggregate the data, and as a l icensed or appointed “statistical agent” in all 50 states, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia, we rep ort those statistics to insurance regulators. We are able to capture significant economies of scale given the level of utilization of this service within the U.S. P&C insurance industry. To provide our clients and the regulators with the information they require, we maintain one of the largest private databases in the world. Over the past five decades, we have developed core expertise in acquiring, processing, managing, protecting, and operating large and comprehensive databases that are the foundation of our insurance offerings. We use our proprietary technology to assemble, organize, and update vast amounts of detailed information submitted by our clients. We supplement this data with publicly available information. In 2025, P&C insurers sent us approximately 3.6 billion detailed individual records of insurance transactions, such as insurance premiums collected or losses incurred. We maintain an underwriting database of more than 38.9 billion statistical records, including approximately 10.2 billion commercial lines records and approximately 28.7 billion personal lines records. We collect unit transaction detail of each premium and loss record, which enhances the validity, reliability, and accuracy of our data sets and our actuarial analyses. Across all of our insurance lines, our proprietary quality process includes approximately 3,000 separate checks to ensure that the data meets our high standards. Using our large database of premium and loss data, we provide actuarial services to help our clients analyze and price their risks. Our actuaries are able to perform sophisticated analyses using our predictive models and analytic methods to help our P&C insurance clients with pricing, loss reserving, and market analysis. We distribute a number of actuarial solutions and offer flexible services to meet our clients’ needs. In addition, our actuarial consultants provide customized services for our clients that include assisting them with the development of independent insurance programs, analysis of their own underwriting experience, development of classification systems and rating plans, and a wide variety of other business decisions. We also supply information to various clients in other markets, including reinsurance and government agencies. We project clients' future losses and loss expenses using a broad set of data. Those projections tend to be more reliable than if our clients used their own data exclusively. We make a number of actuarial adjustments before the data is used to estimate future costs. Our clients can use our estimates of future costs in making independent decisions about the prices charged for their policies. For most P&C insurers in most lines of business, we believe that our estimates of future costs are an essential input to rating decisions. Our actuarial solutions and services are also used to create the analytics underlying our insurance programs described above. In response to the challenges faced by our clients to reduce operating complexity and improve their speed to market, we undertook an extensive modernization of our core lines product. This “reimagine” of our forms, rules, loss costs and related solutions is designed to deliver increased value to our customers. The Reimagine program includes significant enhancements to our existing solutions; new digital workflow tools, insights, and analytics; and an enhanced content delivery platform. Underwriting Data and Analytics Solutions We gather information on individual properties, vehicles and communities providing the breadth and depth of data and analytics needed to support our clients as they evaluate, segment, and price personal and commercial insurance, as well as commercial liability insurance, throughout the policy lifecycle. Our property- and auto- specific rating and underwriting information allows our clients to understand, quantify, underwrite, mitigate, and avoid potential loss for these risks. Our database contains data and analytics on approximately 143 million residential properties and 16.3 million commercial properties in the U.S. We have a staff of approximately 500 field representatives strategically located around the U.S. who observe and report on conditions at commercial and residential properties, evaluate community capabilities, and assess the effectiveness of municipal enforcement. Each year, our field staff visits approximately 300,000 commercial properties to collect information on new buildings, verify building attributes, and provide specific loss costs. Our auto solutions are powered by a mix of and proprietary data ranging from 2 billion traffic court records to characteristics on more than 280 million insured drivers and 288 million registered vehicles with access to expansive industry databases on loss costs and claims. We are a leading provider of innovative solutions for personal underwriting, including homeowners and auto lines. Drawing on an array of resources from proprietary and data to geospatial imagery, we build and maintain widely used tools that assist insurers in underwriting and rating—that is, measuring and selecting risks and pricing coverage appropriately to help ensure fairness to the consumer and a reasonable return for the insurer. Our solutions apply advanced predictive analytics to our deep reservoir of data and information to gauge the degree and cost of risk quickly and precisely, and our workflow tools help insurers increase speed and while enhancing customer experiences. These solutions span a range of applications—from using precise home reconstruction costs to help policyholders have the right amount of coverage, to providing auto insurers with the data that supports offering consumers a bindable quote in minutes through modern application programming interfaces. We also provide proprietary analytic measures of the ability of individual communities to mitigate losses from important perils. Property insurers throughout the U.S. uses our evaluations of community firefighting capabilities to help determine premiums for fire insurance throughout the country. We provide and validated data on fire protection services for approximately 36,000 fire response jurisdictions. We also offer services to evaluate the effectiveness of community enforcement of building codes and the efforts of communities to mitigate damage from flooding. Further, we provide information on the insurance rating territories, premium taxes, crime risk, and hazards of windstorm, earthquake, wildfire, and other perils. To supplement our data on specific commercial properties and individual communities, we have assembled, from a variety of internal and sources, information on hazards related to geographic locations representing every postal address in the U.S. Insurers use this information not only for policy quoting but also for analyzing risk concentration in geographical areas. We also make our data and analytics available to commercial real estate lenders to allow them to better understand risks associated with people to whom they lend. 6 Table of Contents Catastrophe and Risk Solutions We are a leader in and pioneered the field of probabilistic catastrophe modeling used by insurers, reinsurers, intermediaries, financial institutions, and governments to manage their risk from catastrophic events. Our models, which form the basis of our solutions, enable companies to identify, quantify, and plan for the financial consequences of catastrophes. We have developed models for hurricanes, earthquakes, winter storms, tornadoes, hailstorms, wildfires, and floods in more than 120 countries and territories. We have developed a probabilistic terrorism model capable of quantifying the risk in the U.S. from this evolving threat, which supports pricing and underwriting decisions down to the level of an individual policy, as well as models for estimating losses to crop insurance programs in the U.S., Canada, India, and China. Our newest models offer risk quantification solutions for the casualty line of business. We offer global risk intelligence providing insight into sustainability and resilience issues, underpinned by geospatial data and analytics. We provide intelligence on sustainability, resilience, human rights, environmental, sovereign and political risk, stitching together these disparate issues into an interconnected global view built upon objective insight and data. We provide data aggregation and reporting services for catastrophe and large loss claims across the industry. Our platform is recognized as a trusted source for independent loss estimates, covering a broad spectrum of both catastrophe and events. Life Insurance Solutions We expanded our offerings to also serve life insurance and annuities through our 2019 acquisition of FAST. Life Insurance Solutions enable new approaches across the policy life cycle through technology, data analytics, and modeling. We have developed a suite of solutions that apply advanced analytics, automation, and machine learning to existing and emerging data sources. Our solutions are designed to help transform current workflows in life insurance underwriting, claim insights, policy administration, unclaimed property/equity, compliance and fraud detection, and actuarial and portfolio modeling. Our FAST platform can reduce time to market, enables faster policy conversion, and can reduce information technology costs for our customers, uniquely positioning us to help support the modernization of the life insurance industry. Specialty Business Solutions We are a leading software supplier to the global specialty insurance market with particular focus on the London specialty market where we have a client base. Our powerful software suite, coupled with our vast datasets, experience, and technology allows our clients to grow and better manage their business with greater efficiency, flexibility, and data governance. Our solutions serve insurers, reinsurers, brokers, cover holders, and managing general agents in London and across the globe. We help drive the success of many of the fastest growing insurance and reinsurance specialists by providing full management of insurance and reinsurance businesses. Our suite of software solutions covers a broad range of insurance processes from policy negotiation and placement, pricing and policy administration through to claims and outwards reinsurance. Many of our solutions can be integrated with one another and with capabilities across the organization to meet evolving client needs and offer a compelling digital ecosystem for the London and global insurance markets. To that end, our global marketplace solution offers seamless electronic placing and distribution for the specialty insurance market. Marketing Solutions Marketing Solutions provides leading marketing solutions for customers in both insurance and industries. On December 31, 2025, we sold the Verisk Marketing Solutions business to ActiveProspect, Inc. ("ActiveProspect"), backed by Five Elms Capital Management, LLC, for a net cash sale price of $80.0 million. Refer to Note 11 . Dispositions and Discontinued Operations for further discussion. International Underwriting Solutions We continue to expand our footprint of data and solutions to include international markets. Our access to international insurance markets grew through acquisitions and today serve a large number of insurers operating in the Canadian, United Kingdom (U.K.) and Irish P&C markets, and travel market. Additionally, our international expansion provides services to much of the Lloyd's of London market, while also serving clients in Continental Europe, Singapore, China, Australia, and New Zealand. The international enhanced commercial and residential property models and enriched data sets help insurers with triage, reconstruction value, risk selection, pricing, benchmarking, and portfolio management across multiple insured segments. Insurers also use our solutions to help the accuracy of their rating models and to enhance underwriting results through a set of analytical solutions that predict the relative risk and variation of major insurance perils, including theft, flood, storm, fire, and freeze. In addition to property data and solutions, clients can benefit from decision and benchmarking analytics using firmographic, technographic, and business intelligence and proprietary management competency scores, delivered digitally to enable straight through processing. Our suite of international solutions also includes rating tools that automate the assessment of conditions, helping travel and health insurers to get a broad view of a customer's medical risk and make underwriting decisions with speed and precision. 7 Table of Contents Claims Our claims insurance solutions provide our customers analytics in fraud detection, compliance reporting, subrogation liability assessment, litigation, and repair cost estimation and valuation, including emerging areas of interest within these categories. Property Estimating Solutions We provide data, analytics, and networking solutions for professionals involved in estimating all phases of building repair and reconstruction. We provide solutions for every phase of a building’s life, including: • quantifying the ultimate cost of repair or reconstruction of damaged or destroyed buildings for personal and commercial properties; • aiding in the settlement of insurance claims; and • tracking the process of repair or reconstruction and facilitating communication among insurers, adjusters, contractors, and policyholders. To help our customers estimate repair costs, we provide a solution that assists contractors and insurance adjusters in estimating repairs using a patented program that automatically calculates material and labor quantities for all desired construction or repairs to a structure based on use r inputs. We also provide our customers access to price lists, which include structural repair and restoration pricing for 468 separate economic areas in North America based on direct market surveys and analysis of actual customer claim experience. We revise this information monthly, and as often as weekly in the aftermath of major disasters, to reflect rapid price changes. Our structural repair and cleaning database contains approximately 22,000 line items. Our building and repair pricing data is commonly used by insurance repair contractors and service providers in the U.S. and Canada with computerized estimating systems. This usage leads to accurate reporting of pricing information, which we believe outperforms other tools in the industry. Our virtual tools help improve policyholder satisfaction, reduce human error, and save on loss adjustment expense. These tools simplify collaboration among claims professionals, contractors, and policyholders as they work together remotely and efficiently. These and solutions include video collaboration, remote measuring tools, generative damage assessment, and image analytics fraud warnings, among other features. Customers access our ecosystem for enhanced claims handling and analysis. For example, they can use our weather API for near updates and valuable insights for responding to weather perils that can impact their policyholders and their business. They can also use our data insights to analyze and benchmark their performance against peers in the industry and to manage claims assignments. Solutions We are a leading provider of tools for the P&C insurance industry. Our solutions can improve our customers’ profitability by predicting the likelihood that fraud may be occurring and by detecting suspicious activity after it has occurred. Our claims database lends significant support to the fight against insurance fraud. The database analyzes more than 1.9 billion claim records and is the world’s largest database of P&C claims information used for claims processing and fraud investigations. Insurers and other participants submit more than 193,000 new claims a day on average across all U.S. P&C insurance industry categories. The benefits of an claims database include improved efficiency in reporting data and searching for information, enhanced capabilities for detecting suspicious claims, and superior information for investigating fraudulent claims, suspicious individuals, and possible fraud rings. Our database also helps insurers fulfill their regulatory compliance reporting requirements at both the state and federal levels for delinquent liens and other required checks. When a claim is submitted, our system searches our claims database and returns information about other claims filed by the same individuals or businesses (either as claimants or insureds) that helps our customers determine if fraud may be occurring. The system searches for matches in identifying information fields, such as name, address, Social Security number, vehicle identification number, driver’s license number, tax identification number, or other parties to the loss. Our system also includes advanced name and address searching to perform intelligent searches and improve the overall quality of the matches. Information from match reports speeds up payment of meritorious claims while providing a defense against fraud and can lead to denial of a claim, negotiation of a reduced award, or further investigation by the insurer or law enforcement. We also have a suite of advanced fraud analytics solutions: a solution that uses predictive models to accurately score claims based on fraud indicators; an injury claims solution that uses predictive analytics to detect medical provider fraud, waste, and abuse; and a network analytics solution that helps detect patterns indicative of organized fraud. We continually pursue new solutions that help our customers keep abreast of changing markets and technology. For example, we developed a digital media database that allows customers to view images on claim matches so they can detect damage on new claims. Our advanced digital media forensics can detect suspicious photos, and our customers can flag stolen and synthetic identities in the database to help subscribers deter that type of fraud. We also provide accurate person and vehicle coverage details at first notice of loss, including verified registered owner information through a state's department of motor vehicles data, contact information for the individual, and brief claims history. We also integrated advanced capabilities into insurer workflows through strategic partnerships, offering tools that identify stolen or vehicles using global marketplace data, monitor social media for inconsistencies with reported injuries, and provide incident footage from traffic intersections automatically matched to claims. 8 Table of Contents Casualty Solutions We offer a robust suite of casualty/bodily injury solutions to serve the P&C industry, administrators, and employers. Verisk casualty solutions focus on compliance (Medicare Secondary Payer and workers’ compensation state reporting); casualty claims decision support (severity detection and damage assessment); and workflow automation (automated medical record review and claims processing). Our compliance division offers Medicare Secondary Payer solutions and services to comply with the federal statute, including Section 111 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services reporting, lien resolution/conditional payments, liabilities repayment, and ongoing protection of the Medicare Trust Fund via Medicare Set Aside (MSA) services. As a leading provider of Medicare compliance services in the industry, we play a critical role in assisting and protecting all stakeholders, including Medicare and its beneficiaries. Our comprehensive workers’ compensation state reporting helps customers meet the very complex compliance requirements for reporting to states and other government related agencies and entities through an automated process, driving efficiency and productivity for the P&C insurance industry. Our casualty claims decision support and workflow automation offerings augment human capital in a claims organization to make accurate decisions while eliminating manual steps in the process. We have solutions that leverage AI and generative AI to automatically extract unstructured data from and summarize medical records for efficient review and analysis during claim processing and demand packages review to improve injury evaluations and settlement negotiations. We also offer tools that use predictive analytics to provide workers’ compensation severity scoring from first notice of loss through claim closure to help our customers accurately settle claims. For liability, our customers can use our solution to find comparative liability in personal auto, commercial auto, and general liability claims for injury evaluation, determining accident liability and identifying subrogation opportunities. International Claims Solutions We provide a comprehensive suite of solutions supporting property and casualty insurers across the United Kingdom and Europe. Our expertise spans personal injury and motor franchises in Germany, the Nordics, and the United Kingdom, complemented by property claims solutions in Germany and the United Kingdom. By integrating advanced technology with extensive industry knowledge, we help insurers streamline processes, enhance automation, ensure compliance, and make faster, more accurate decisions—ultimately benefiting both clients and policyholders. We are continuously leveraging our expanding data assets to introduce advanced claim analytics and capabilities in these spaces. 9 Table of Contents Our Customers The customers for the lines of P&C services we offer include the top 100 P&C insurance providers in the U .S., many of the top global reinsurance companies, as well as domestic InsurTech companies and insurers in international markets. A substantial number of P&C insurance providers in the U.S. use our statistical agent services to report to regulators, and a large number of insurers and reinsurers in the U.S. use our actuarial services and insurance programs. In addition, certain agencies of the federal government as well as county and state governmental agencies and organizations use our solutions to help satisfy government needs for risk assessment and emergency response information. Within Catastrophe and Risk Solutions, we serve reinsurers, insurers, brokers, governments, and corporations by helping them identify, quantify and plan for the financial consequences of catastrophes. For life and annuity insurers, we offer digital solutions including electronic applications and policy administration systems to enable automated/accelerated triage, underwriting, fraud detection, and modeling. Our claims database serves thousands of customers in the P&C insurance industry, including , third party administrators, several state fraud bureaus, and many law enforcement agencies involved in the investigation and prosecution of insurance fraud. Insurance repair contractors and service providers in the U.S. and Canada with computerized estimating systems commonly use our building and repair cost estimation pricing data. Our Competitors The breadth of markets we serve exposes us to a broad range of competitors as described below. We operate primarily in the U.S. P&C insurance industry. We have numerous competitors in specific lines or services. We encounter competition from a broad array of sources, including insurers that develop internal technology and actuarial methods for proprietary insurance programs. Competitors also include other statistical agents and other advisory organizations, that provide underwriting rules, prospective loss costs, and coverage language. Competitors for our rating and underwriting information include regional providers of commercial property inspections and surveys, as well as emerging providers in the InsurTech space. We also compete with a variety of organizations that offer consulting services, primarily specialty technology and consulting firms. In addition, a customer may use its own internal resources rather than engage an outside firm for these services. Our underwriting solutions compete with a variety of companies in the marketplace. Such competitors include information technology product and services vendors; management and strategy consulting firms; and specialized information technology and analytical services firms. In the life insurance sector, our solutions compete against numerous independent vendors, as well as the technology departments of life insurers. In the P&C insurance claims and catastrophe modeling markets, products are offered by a number of companies in the areas of catastrophe modeling, repair cost estimating, claims investigative reports, claims fraud analytics, and injury claims analytics. We believe that our P&C insurance industry expertise, and our ability to offer multiple applications, services, and integrated solutions to individual customers are competitive strengths. Development of New Solutions We take a team approach to developing our solutions. Our operating units are responsible for developing, reviewing, and enhancing our various solutions and services. Our data management and production team designs and manages our processes and systems for market data procurement, proprietary data production, and quality control. Our teams support our efforts to create new information and solutions from available data and explore new methods of collecting data. We are focused on understanding and documenting business unit and corporate data assets and data issues, sharing and combining data assets across the enterprise, creating an enterprise data strategy, facilitating research and product development, and promoting communication. Our software development teams build the technology used in many of our solutions. As part of our product development process, we continually solicit feedback from our customers on the value of our solutions and services and the industry market’s needs. We have established an extensive system of customer advisory panels that meet regularly throughout the year to help us respond effectively to the needs of our markets. In addition, we use frequent sales calls, executive visits, user group meetings, and other industry forums to gather information to align our product development efforts with the needs of the market. We also use a variety of market research techniques to enhance our understanding of our customers and the markets in which they operate. We add to our offerings through an active acquisition program. Since 2022, we have a cquired 10 businesses, w hich have allowed us to enter new markets, offer new solutions, and enhance the value of existing services with additional proprietary sources of data. At times, we augment our proprietary data sources and systems by forming alliances with other leading information providers and technology companies and integrating their product offerings into our offerings to better serve our customers. This approach gives our customers the opportunity to obtain the information they need from a single source and more easily integrate the information into their workflows. 10 Table of Contents Client Strategy, Sales, and Support Our overall client strategy is driven by our extensive industry expertise and our unique position within the insurance ecosystem. We endeavor to be the leading strategic data, analytics, and technology partner to the global insurance industry by delivering value to our clients through knowledge, expertise, and scale, and we focus on elevating the strategic dialogue with our clients. We primarily engage with clients through direct interaction, leveraging a structured, sales approach. This approach includes Managing Directors, Account Executives, Account Managers, Subject Matter Experts, Technical Consultants, and Sales Client Support specialists. Within our organization, we have dedicated sales teams that focus on specific solutions and services. These specialized Account Executives are responsible for selling highly technical solution sets to targeted sectors, working in close coordination with broader account management teams to ensure a holistic approach to customer engagement. Account Executives play a key role in both sales and customer service activities. They provide direct support to assigned customers, engaging frequently to ensure a positive experience with our services. While Account Executives primarily focus on identifying new sales opportunities, they collaborate closely with various teams to align our solutions with customer needs. We believe our deep solutions knowledge, ability to build trusted relationships, and local presence set us apart from the competition. Subject Matter Experts partner with Account Executives on specific opportunities related to their assigned solutions and market segments. Account Executives manage the overall sales process, while Subject Matter Experts manage the detailed integration and functional discussions to ensure successful outcomes and customer satisfaction. Both Account Executives and Subject Matter Experts are responsible for identifying new sales opportunities, as well as managing renewals of existing business. A approach, supported by a unified customer relationship management system, ensures effective coordination across all groups. To optimize account management for our largest customers, we segment our client base into three distinct tiers. Tier One consists of our most significant customers. To ensure strategic and engagement with these Tier One clients, a Managing Director within the Client Strategy organization is responsible for the overall and relationship between the client and all of Verisk, fostering alignment across our solutions and services. Tier Two clients encompass both large and customer groups. Tier Three consists of smaller, specialized companies that may focus on a single line of business, serve specific regions, or be recent entrants to the market. Within the Tier One and Tier Two segments, our U.S. and global sales teams are organized by the following disciplines: personal lines underwriting and pricing, commercial lines underwriting and pricing, claims, catastrophe modeling and exposure management, and specialty. For Tier Three clients, a generalist Account Executive is assigned within each business unit, taking on overall account management responsibilities. Our tiered approach has proven to be an effective sales model for building strong customer relationships. Additionally, our senior leadership team regularly engages with senior management at our client organizations to ensure strategic alignment, and to foster opportunities for mutual partnership and innovation. Sources of Our Data The data we use to perform our analytics and power our solutions is sourced through seven different kinds of data arrangements. First, we gather data from our customers within agreements that also permit our customers to use the solutions created from their data. Those agreements remain in effect unless the data contributor chooses to opt out. It is rare that contributors elect not to continue providing us with all or a substantial portion of their data. Second, we have agreements with data contributors in which we specify the particular uses of their data and provide their required levels of privacy, protection of data, and where necessary, of data. The agreements represent no cost to us, generally feature a specified period of time for the data contributions, and require renewal. Third, we “mine” data found inside the transactions supported by our solutions; as an example, we use the claims settlement data generated inside our repair cost estimating solution to improve the cost factors used in our models. Again, those arrangements represent no cost to us, and we obtain the consent of our customers to make use of their data in this way. Fourth, we source data, generally, at no cost from public sources, including federal, state, and local governments. Fifth, we gather data about the physical characteristics of commercial properties through the direct observation of our field staff members, who also perform property surveys at the request of, and facilitated by, property insurers. Sixth, we collect data, or license or purchase from third parties, on geographic and spatially referenced information relating to residential and commercial structures by using the latest remote sensing and machine learning technologies. Lastly, we purchase data from data aggregators under contracts that reflect prevailing market pricing for the data elements purchased, including county tax assessor records, descriptions of hazards such as flood plains, and professional licenses. We are the owners of the derivative solutions we create using the data we collect. 11 Table of Contents Information Technology Technology Our information technology systems and adoption of cloud computing are fundamental to our success. They are used for the storage, processing, access, and delivery of the data that forms the foundation of our business and the development and delivery of the solutions we provide to our customers. We generally own, or have secured ongoing rights to use for the purposes of our business, all the applications that are material to our operations. We support and implement a mix of technologies and focus on implementing the most efficient technology for any given business requirement or task. Data Centers In 2023, with our migration to cloud computing, we closed our Lehi, Utah Data Center, and in 2024, we closed our Somerset, New Jersey facility. We will continue to maintain other data centers dedicated to other businesses we acquired recently. Disaster Recovery We are committed to a framework for business continuity management and carry out annual reviews of the state of preparedness of each business unit. As we migrate our applications to the public cloud, we also evaluate the level of redundancy required for each application. We leverage native cloud capabilities with regards to availability and use both zones and regions in public cloud based on availability requirements. Business continuity planning is in place for all of our critical business processes to provide for the prompt and effective continuation of critical services in the event of a business disruption. Our business continuity program adheres to ISO 22301:2019, which is an international standard for business continuity. All business impact analyses and business continuity plans are reviewed and updated, at a minimum, annually or when significant business changes occur. Security We have adopted a wide range of measures to secure our information technology ("IT") infrastructure and data. Security measures generally cover the following key areas: security policies and governance committees, physical security, logical security of the perimeter, network security, logical access to applications and operating systems, deployment of endpoint security software, email security, cloud security, data security, and appropriate procedures relating to removable media such as laptops, which are also encrypted. Our commitment to security has earned ISO 27001:2022 Certification for our core enterprise security services, which is an international standard for best practices associated with our Information Security Management System. See also "Item 1C. Cybersecurity." Intellectual Property We own a significant number of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and patents. Specifically, our policy language, insurance manuals, software, and databases are protected by both registered and common law copyrights, and the related proprietary processes are protected by trade secrets. The licensing of those materials to our customers for their use represents a large portion of our revenue. We also own in excess of 600 trademarks in the U.S. and foreign countries, including the names of our solutions and services and our logos and tag lines, many of which are registered. We believe many of our trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos to be of material importance to our business, as they assist our customers in identifying our solutions and services and the quality that stands behind them. We consider our intellectual property to be proprietary, and we rely on a combination of statutory (for example, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and patent) and contractual safeguards in a comprehensive intellectual property enforcement program to protect it wherever it is used. We also own several patents and have several pending patent applications in the U.S. that complement our solutions. We believe the protection of our proprietary technology is important to our success, and we will continue to seek to protect those intellectual property assets for which we have expended substantial research and development capital and that are material to our business. To maintain control of our intellectual property, we enter into contractual agreements with our customers, granting each customer limited licenses to our solutions and services, including our software and databases. This helps maintain the integrity of our proprietary intellectual property and to protect the embedded information and technology contained in our solutions. As a general practice, employees, contractors, and other parties with access to our proprietary information sign agreements that prohibit the unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary rights, information, and technology. 12 Table of Contents Human Capital Our global workforce is united by our mission to serve, add value, and innovate for customers. We continue to invest in our people worldwide by encouraging all employees to reach their full potential through a focus on learning, providing competitive compensation and benefits, and a culture anchored on our purpose driven values of results, learning, and caring. As a business, we carefully integrate the skills and talents of approximately 8,000 employees worldwide as of December 31, 2025. Many of our highly credentialed team hold advanced degrees and professional certifications specializing in actuarial science, chemistry and physics, commercial banking and finance, commodity analytics, data science and artificial intelligence, economics, engineering, GIS mapping, meteorology, natural resources, predictive analytics, supply chain, and other fields. Approximately 57% of our employees are based in the United States, 11% in the United Kingdom, 11% in India, with the remainder serving in 18 other countries across the globe. Very few of our employees are represented by unions or subject to collective bargaining agreements, and a small number of employees in Germany are represented by a works council. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. We support and work to inspire our people with a collaborative and engaging culture, and career development and learning opportunities at all levels, competitive compensation and benefits, an ongoing focus on , and responsive leadership. Starting in 2021, we introduced a common global wellbeing day across the enterprise to recognize the importance of the total wellbeing of our workforce. In 2025, we continued to prioritize career development across the Company by utilizing an strategy based on feedback from employees and managers. We advanced our Career Framework by aligning foundational and functional skills to each job function and grade, and by educating employees and managers on how to use these skills to support a consistent approach to career development. In addition, with the of a new talent and workforce management platform in 2025, employees can view skills connected to their current roles, explore skills for other roles, and identify targeted development opportunities – all in a shared technology platform. These enhancements reflect our commitment to building a shared language for development. Looking ahead to 2026, we will continue to help employees understand the skills model and how to use it for skill assessment, feedback, and targeted development. The foundation of our performance management approach is built on three core principles: feedback, coaching, and continuous conversations. Each quarter, employees and managers continue to participate in quarterly connects and are prompted to review and discuss goals, progress, and ways to grow and develop. This structure builds alignment, connection, and engagement. Our leadership development programs are targeted at rising professionals, managers, experienced leaders, and rising executive leaders. Across all programs, participant feedback is exceptionally strong, averaging 4.7 out of 5 stars. In 2025, we launched our Executive Leadership Lab, rounding out our leadership offering with a intensive experience for our most senior learners. This program develops Verisk’s rising executive leaders through virtual and immersive sessions, blending experiences, industry experts, external speakers, executive coaching, and activities centered on three key skills: strategic thinking, invention, and talent multiplication. We also developed and launched Insight City, an immersive learning solution designed to help employees navigate our businesses, culture, and ways of working. Insight City gives employees an engaging way to explore our history, solutions, and customers through interactive moments and scenarios. This initiative responds to a growing appetite for modern, experiential learning and reinforces our commitment to equipping employees with the knowledge they need to thrive at Verisk. Lastly, in 2025, we significantly expanded leadership development through our enterprise coaching offering, partnering with a global roster of International Coaching coaches. Nominated employees participate in this experience by selecting a coach, setting development goals, and engaging in personalized coaching journeys, with unlimited sessions. Participants in the program leveraged coaching sessions to drive performance and build lasting leadership capabilities. We offer competitive salaries, short and incentives, and the opportunity for advancement. In addition, our benefits program includes paid time off (“PTO”), flextime and telecommuting options, and a 401(k) program with a 100% company match (up to 6%). We also offer health insurance plans, life insurance equivalent to annual salary (with the option to purchase more), a discounted stock purchase program, and a variety of physical, mental, and financial offerings and resources. Terms vary by business unit and country. In 2025, over 650 Verisk employees across 20 locations and 8 countries registered volunteer hours during Verisk Volunteer Week. Efforts included a Rise Against Hunger event with over 91,830 meals packed, donation drives, and local community cleanup activities. The health and safety of our people working around the globe is a top priority, and our facilities worldwide follow rigorous, internally and externally audited, occupational health and safety policies. We also recognize that protecting the health, safety and of our employees is crucial. Our employee engagement score for 2025 is 80%, improving by 2% points since 2024. Verisk continues to be recognized for our outstanding workplace culture by Great Place to Work® in the U.S., receiving certification for the tenth consecutive year in 2025. Additionally, in 2025, Verisk was certified for the sixth time in the United Kingdom, Spain, and India, and was certified for the fourth time in Poland. Employees feel Verisk meets the benchmark for innovation, inclusivity, company values, and leaders’ effectiveness. We are also earning recognition from several Best Workplaces™ lists including Forbes' America’s Best Employers for Company Culture™, Fortune’s Best Workplaces in New York™, Fortune’s Best Workplaces in Technology™, Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work for™ in Europe, UK's Best Workplaces™, UK’s Best Workplaces for Women™, UK’s Best Workplaces for Wellbeing™, UK’s Best Workplaces for Development™, UK’s Best Workplaces in Tech™, Spain’s Best Workplaces™, Spain’s Best Workplaces in Tech™, Best Workplaces in Málaga™, Poland’s Best Workplaces™, Poland’s Best Workplaces for Women™, India’s Great Workplaces™, India’s Best Workplaces for Millennials™, and India’s Best Workplaces in IT & ™. The Great Place to Work Institute is a global authority on , workplaces. To achieve certification, Verisk employees are surveyed on the extent to which they reported a consistently great workplace experience. To create an outstanding employee experience, leaders understand and act on results and insights, and continuously communicate with employees through town halls and local engagement events. 13 Table of Contents Regulation Because our business involves the distribution of certain personal, public, and nonpublic data to businesses and governmental entities that make eligibility, service, and marketing decisions based on such data, certain of our solutions and services are subject to regulation under federal, state, and local laws in the U.S. and, to a lesser extent, in foreign countries. Examples of such regulation include the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which regulates the use of consumer credit report information; the Act, which regulates the use of nonpublic personal financial information held by financial institutions and applies indirectly to companies that provide services to financial institutions; the Drivers Privacy Protection Act, which prohibits the public disclosure, use, or resale by any state’s department of motor vehicles of personal information about an individual that was obtained by the department in connection with a motor vehicle record, except for a “permissible purpose”; and various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Those laws generally restrict the use and disclosure of personal information and provide consumers certain rights to know the manner in which their personal information is being used, to challenge the accuracy of such information, and/or to prevent the use and disclosure of such information. In certain instances, the laws also impose requirements for safeguarding personal information through the issuance of data security standards or guidelines. Certain state laws impose similar privacy obligations, as well as obligations to provide notification of security breaches in certain circumstances. We are also licensed as a rating, rate service, advisory, or statistical organization under state insurance codes in all 50 states, Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia. As such an advisory organization, we provide statistical, actuarial, policy language development, and related solutions and services to P&C insurers, including advisory prospective loss costs, other prospective cost information, manual rules, and policy language. We also serve as an officially designated statistical agent of state insurance regulators to collect policy writing and loss statistics of individual insurers and compile that information into reports used by the regulators. Many of our solutions, services, and operations as well as insurers' use of our services are subject to state rather than federal regulation by virtue of the Act. As a result, many of our operations and solutions are subject to review and/or approval by state regulators. Further, our operations involving licensed advisory organization activities are subject to periodic examinations conducted by state regulators; and our operations and solutions are subject to state antitrust and trade practice statutes within or outside state insurance codes, which are typically enforced by state attorneys general and/or insurance regulators. Available Information We maintain an Investor Relations website on the Internet at investor.verisk.com. We make available free of charge on or through this website, our annual, quarterly, and current reports and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable following the time they are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). For access to the filings, click the “SEC Filings” link on the “Financials” tab on our Investor Relations homepage. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this filing. Verisk trades on the NASDAQ Global Market in the Nasdaq Global Select Market segment under the ticker symbol “VRSK.” Our stock was first publicly traded on October 7, 2009. The public may read any materials filed by Verisk with the SEC on the SEC's Internet site (www.sec.gov), which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 14 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K before deciding to invest in any of our securities. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our securities, including our common stock, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Strategic and Operational Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to competition in many of the markets in which we operate and we may not be able to compete effectively. Markets in which we operate or which we believe may provide growth opportunities for us are highly competitive, and are expected to remain highly competitive. We compete on the basis of quality, customer service, product and service selection, and pricing. Our competitive position in various market segments depends upon the relative strength of competitors in the segment and the resources devoted to competing in that segment. Certain competitors may be able to allocate greater resources to a particular market segment than we can. As a result, these competitors may be in a better position to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences, emerging technologies and market trends. In addition, new competitors and alliances may emerge to take market share away, and as we enter into new lines of business, due to acquisition or otherwise, we face competition from new players with different competitive dynamics. We may be unable to maintain our competitive position in our market segments, especially against larger competitors. We may also invest further to upgrade our systems in order to compete. If we fail to successfully compete, our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. We could lose our access to data from external sources, which could prevent us from providing our solutions. We depend upon data from external sources, including data received from customers and various government and public record services, for information used in our data repositories. In general, we do not own the information in these data repositories, and the participating organizations could discontinue or materially limit contributing information to the data repositories. Our data sources could withdraw or increase the price for their data for a variety of reasons, and we could also become subject to legislative, judicial, or contractual restrictions on the use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by the third parties in a way that allows us to legally use and/or process the data. We are also reliant on internal controls of third parties to ensure the accuracy of their data. If a third party suffers reputational damage from an underlying issue, we may discontinue using their services. If a substantial number of data sources, or certain key sources, were to withdraw, materially limit, be unable to provide their data, or if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation or policy, decline in reputation or if the collection of data became uneconomical, our ability to provide solutions to our customers could be impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Agreements with our data suppliers are agreements. Some suppliers are also competitors, which may make us vulnerable to unpredictable price increases and may cause some suppliers not to renew certain agreements. Our competitors could also enter into exclusive contracts with our data sources. If our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data, which would give our competitors an advantage. Such a termination or exclusive contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results if we were unable to arrange for substitute data sources. To the extent the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information increases, the demand for some of our solutions may decrease. Public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become increasingly available and this trend is expected to continue. Governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access. Public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce the demand for our solutions. To the extent that customers choose not to obtain solutions from us and instead rely on information obtained at little or no cost from these public or less expensive sources, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we are unable to develop successful new solutions or if we experience defects, failures and delays associated with the introduction of new solutions, our business could suffer serious harm. Our growth and success depend upon our ability to develop and sell new solutions. If we are unable to develop new solutions, or if we are not successful in introducing and/or obtaining regulatory approval or acceptance for new solutions, or products we develop face sufficient pricing pressure to make them unattractive to pursue, we may not be able to grow our business, or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. In addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new solutions may affect market acceptance of our solutions and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new solutions, primarily due to difficulties in developing models, acquiring data and adapting to particular operating environments. Errors or defects in our solutions that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our solutions, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims. We typically face a long selling cycle to secure new contracts that require significant resource commitments, which result in a long lead time before we receive revenues from new relationships. We typically face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract and there is generally a long preparation period in order to commence providing the services. We typically incur significant business development expenses during the selling cycle and we may not succeed in winning a new customer’s business, in which case we receive no revenues and may receive no reimbursement for such expenses. Even if we succeed in developing a relationship with a potential new customer, we may not be successful in obtaining contractual commitments after the selling cycle or in maintaining contractual commitments after the implementation cycle, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from U.S. P&C primary insurers. If there is a downturn in the U.S. insurance industry or that industry does not continue to accept our solutions, our revenues will decline. Revenues derived from solutions we provide to U.S. P&C primary insurers account for a substantial portion of our total revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 70% of our re venue was derived from solutions provided to U.S. P&C primary insurers. Also, our invoices for certain of our solutions are linked in part to premiums in the U.S. P&C insurance market, which may rise or fall in any given year due to loss experience and capital capacity and other factors in the insurance industry such as responses to natural disasters and events that are beyond our control. In addition, our revenues will decline if the insurance industry does not continue to accept our solutions. Factors that might affect the acceptance of these solutions by P&C primary insurers include the following: • changes in the business analytics industry; • changes in technology; • our inability to obtain or use state fee schedule or claims data in our insurance solutions; • changes in regulation • saturation of market demand; • loss of key customers; • industry consolidation; • failure to execute our selling approach; and • insourcing by insurers of the services or analytics we currently provide. A downturn in the insurance industry, pricing pressure or lower acceptance of our solutions by the insurance industry could result in a decline in revenues from that industry and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 16 Table of Contents Acquisitions, other strategic relationships and dispositions of our business, and related integration and separation risks, could result in operating difficulties and other harmful consequences, and we may not be successful in achieving the anticipated benefits of such transactions. Our business strategy includes growth through acquisitions and other strategic relationships. Future acquisitions may not be completed on acceptable terms and acquired assets, data or businesses may not be successfully integrated into our operations, and we may ultimately divest unsuccessful acquisitions or investments. Moreover, from time to time we may also undertake dispositions of certain businesses or assets. Any acquisitions, investments and dispositions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in such transactions. Such risks include, among other things: • failing to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies; • paying more than fair market value for an acquired company or assets, or receiving less than fair market value for disposed businesses or assets; • failing to integrate or separate the operations and personnel of the acquired or disposed businesses in an efficient, timely manner; • assuming potential liabilities of an acquired company; • managing the potential disruption to our ongoing business; • distracting management focus from our core businesses; • failing to retain management at the acquired company; • difficulty in acquiring suitable businesses, including challenges in predicting the value an acquisition will ultimately contribute to our business; • possibility of overpaying for acquisitions, particularly those with significant intangible assets that derive value using novel tools and/or are involved in niche markets; • impairing relationships with employees, customers, and strategic partners; • incurring expenses associated with the amortization of intangible assets particularly for intellectual property and other intangible assets; • incurring expenses associated with an impairment of all or a portion of goodwill and other intangible assets due to changes in market conditions, weak economies in certain competitive markets, or the failure of certain acquisitions to realize expected benefits; and • diluting the share value and voting power of existing stockholders. The anticipated benefits of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or of goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our financial condition. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with future acquisitions. In order to finance acquisitions, which are an important part of our growth strategy, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness and such increased leverage could adversely affect our business. In particular, the increased leverage could increase our vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit our ability to obtain further financing and limit our ability to pursue other operational and strategic opportunities. The increased leverage, potential lack of access to financing and increased expenses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There may be consolidation in our end customer market, which could reduce the use of our services. Mergers or consolidations among our customers could reduce the number of our customers and potential customers. This could adversely affect our revenues even if these events do not reduce the aggregate number of customers or the activities of the consolidated entities. If our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. The adverse effects of consolidation will be greater in sectors that we are particularly dependent upon, for example, in the P&C insurance sector. Any of these developments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 17 Table of Contents Financial and Economic Risks Related to Our Business General economic, political and market forces and dislocations beyond our control could reduce demand for our solutions and harm our business. The demand for our solutions may be impacted by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including macroeconomic, political and market conditions, global supply chain disruption, the availability of and funding and capital, the level and volatility of interest rates, currency exchange rates, and inflation. Any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity and prices in the securities markets generally and could result in a reduction in demand for our solutions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. A significant additional decline in the value of assets for which risk is transferred in market transactions could have an adverse impact on the demand for our solutions. Our financial position may be impacted by tax audits or changes in tax laws or tax ruling We are subject to tax in the U.S., various states, and foreign jurisdictions, and are routinely under audit by various tax authorities. Our existing corporate structure and tax positions have been implemented in a manner which we believe is compliant with current tax laws, however it is possible that tax authorities may disagree with the positions we have taken due to differing interpretations of prevailing tax rules. Tax audits with an adverse outcome could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax positions, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Existing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate are subject to change given current political and economic conditions. Changes in existing tax laws or rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax positions, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Furthermore, the Organization for Economic and Development ("OECD") has issued Pillar Two model rules for a global minimum tax of 15% that has been agreed upon in principle by over 140 countries. While we have assessed the effect of Pillar Two and do not expect it to materially increase our tax expense, the ultimate impact will depend on the implementation of specific rules in each jurisdiction. Cybersecurity and Product/Technology Risks Related to Our Business Fraudulent or unpermitted data access and other or privacy breaches may negatively impact our business and harm our reputation. Security breaches in our facilities, computer networks, and data repositories may cause harm to our business and reputation and result in a loss of customers. Many of our solutions involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, which are significantly complex with various uses across businesses and locations. With a large number of systems, keeping the technology current and managing vulnerabilities is challenging. As with other global companies, our systems are regularly sub

[truncated]