Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 44 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 86 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 86 Item 9B. Other Information 87 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 87 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 87 Item 11. Executive Compensation 87 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 88 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 88 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 88 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 88 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 96 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS GENERAL Tyson Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” “Tyson Foods” or “Tyson”) (NYSE: TSN) is a food company and recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson, it has grown under four generations of family leadership. The Company is unified by this purpose: Tyson Foods. We Feed the World Like Family™ and has a broad portfolio of iconic products and brands including Tyson®, Jimmy Dean®, Hillshire Farm®, Ball Park®, Wright®, State Fair®, Aidells® and ibp®. Tyson Foods is dedicated to bringing food to every table in the world, safely, sustainably, and affordably, now and for future generations. Headquartered in Springdale, Arkansas, the Company had approximately 138,000 employees (“team members”) on September 28, 2024. Through its Core Values, Tyson Foods strives to operate with integrity, create value for its shareholders, customers, communities and team members, be and inclusive, provide a safe work environment and serve as a steward of the animals, land and environment entrusted to it. Some of the key factors influencing our business are customer demand for our products; the ability to maintain and grow relationships with customers and introduce new and innovative products to the marketplace; accessibility of international markets; market prices for our products; the cost and availability of live cattle and hogs, raw materials and feed ingredients; availability of team members to operate our production facilities; and operating efficiencies of our facilities. We operate a fully chicken production process. Our integrated operations consist of breeding stock, contract farmers, feed production, processing, , marketing and transportation of chicken and related specialty products, including animal and pet food ingredients. Through our subsidiary, , we are one of the leading poultry breeding stock suppliers in the world. Investing in breeding stock research and development allows us to breed into our flocks the characteristics found to be most desirable. We also process live fed cattle and hogs and fabricate dressed beef and pork carcasses into primal and meat cuts, beef and pork and meats. In addition, we derive value from specialty products such as hides and variety meats sold to further processors and others. We produce a wide range of fresh, , frozen and refrigerated food products. Our products are marketed and sold primarily by our sales staff to grocery retailers, grocery wholesalers, meat distributors, warehouse club stores, military commissaries, industrial food processing companies, chain restaurants or their distributors, live markets, international export companies and domestic distributors who serve restaurants, foodservice operations such as plant and school cafeterias, convenience stores, hospitals and other vendors. Additionally, sales to the military and a portion of sales to international markets are made through independent brokers and trading companies. As part of our commitment to innovation and growth, we have a subsidiary focused on investing in companies developing breakthrough technologies, business models and products that have the potential to transform the food industry. Tyson New Ventures, LLC is used to broaden our exposure to innovative, new forms of protein and ways of improving animal welfare, water management, and packaging and land stewardship initiatives to complement the Company’s continuing investments in innovation in our core Beef, Pork, Chicken and Prepared Foods businesses. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF SEGMENTS We operate in four reportable segments: Beef, Pork, Chicken and Prepared Foods. We measure segment profit as operating income (loss). International/Other primarily includes our foreign operations in Australia, China, Malaysia, Mexico, South Korea, Thailand and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures, LLC. The contribution of each segment to net sales and operating income (loss), and the identifiable assets attributable to each segment, are set forth in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 17: Segment Reporting. DESCRIPTION OF SEGMENTS Beef Beef includes our operations related to processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and meat cuts and products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers, foodservice distributors, restaurant operators, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, healthcare facilities, the military and other food processors, as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes sales from specialty products such as hides, rendered products and variety meats, as well as logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. 3 Pork Pork includes our operations related to processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and cuts and products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers, foodservice distributors, restaurant operators, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, healthcare facilities, the military and other food processors, as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes our live swine group, related specialty product processing activities and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Chicken Chicken includes our domestic operations related to raising and processing live chickens into, and purchasing raw materials for fresh, frozen and chicken products, as well as sales from specialty products. Our chicken products primarily include breaded chicken strips, nuggets, patties and other or fully cooked chicken parts. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers, foodservice distributors, restaurant operators, convenience stores, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, healthcare facilities, the military and other food processors, as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes logistics operations to move products through our domestic supply chain and the global operations of our chicken breeding stock subsidiary. Prepared Foods Prepared Foods includes our operations related to manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. This segment includes brands such as Jimmy Dean®, Hillshire Farm®, Ball Park®, Wright®, State Fair®, as well as artisanal brands Aidells® and Gallo Salame®. Products primarily include sandwiches, sandwich components such as hamburgers and Philly steaks, pepperoni, bacon, breakfast sausage, turkey, lunchmeat, hot dogs, flour and corn tortilla products, appetizers, snacks, prepared meals, ethnic foods, side dishes, meat dishes, breadsticks and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers, foodservice distributors, restaurant operators, convenience stores, hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools, healthcare facilities, the military and other food processors, as well as to international export markets. RAW MATERIALS AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY Beef The primary raw materials used in our beef operations are live cattle. We do not have facilities of our own to raise cattle but employ cattle buyers located throughout cattle producing areas who visit independent feed yards and public auctions to buy live cattle on the open spot market. These buyers are trained to select high quality animals, and we continually measure their performance. We also enter into various and procurement arrangements with producers to secure a supply of livestock for our facilities. Although we generally expect adequate supply of live cattle in the regions we operate, there may be periods of imbalance in supply and demand. Pork The primary raw materials used in our pork operations are live hogs. The majority of our live hog supply is obtained through various procurement relationships with independent producers. We employ hog buyers who make purchase agreements of various time durations as well as purchase hogs on a daily basis, generally a few days before the animals are processed. These buyers are trained to select high quality animals, and we continually measure their performance. Additionally, we raise a small number of weanling swine to sell to independent finishers and to supply a minimal amount of market hogs and live swine for our own processing needs. Although we generally expect adequate supply of live hogs in the regions we operate, there may be periods of imbalance in supply and demand. Chicken The primary raw materials used in our domestic chicken operations are corn and soybean meal used as feed and live chickens raised primarily by independent contract farmers. Our chicken process begins with breeding our pedigree and great grandparent stock out to produce the grandparent breeder flocks and ends with broilers for processing. Breeder flocks (i.e., grandparents) are raised to maturity in grandparent growing and laying farms where fertile eggs are produced. Fertile eggs are incubated at the grandparent hatchery and produce pullets (i.e., parents). Pullets are raised to 20 weeks of age, sent to breeder houses, and the resulting eggs are sent to our hatcheries. Once chicks have hatched, they are sent to broiler farms. There, contract farmers care for and raise the chicks according to our standards, with advice from our technical service personnel, until the broilers reach the desired processing weight. Adult chickens are transported to processing facilities where they are harvested and converted into finished products, which are then sent to distribution centers and delivered to customers. We operate feed mills to produce scientifically-formulated feeds. In fiscal 2024, corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients were major production costs, representing roughly 56% of our cost of growing a live chicken domestically. In addition to feed ingredients to grow the chickens, we use cooking ingredients, packaging materials and cryogenic agents. We believe our sources of supply for these materials are adequate for our present needs, and we do not anticipate any difficulty in acquiring these materials in the future. While we produce nearly all our inventory of breeder chickens and live broilers, we also purchase or deboned chicken to meet production and sales requirements. 4 Prepared Foods The primary raw materials used in our prepared foods operations are raw materials, including beef, pork, chicken, turkey, flour, vegetables, cheese, eggs, seasonings and other cooking ingredients. Some of these raw materials are provided by our other segments, while others may be purchased from numerous suppliers and manufacturers. We believe the sources of supply of raw materials are adequate for our present needs. SEASONAL DEMAND Demand for beef, chicken, pork and certain prepared foods products, such as hot dogs and smoked sausage, generally increases during the spring and summer months and other key holiday periods and is generally softer during the winter months. Other prepared foods products, such as prepared meals, meat dishes, appetizers, bacon, and breakfast sausage, generally experience increased demand during the winter months, and also key holiday seasons, while demand generally is softer during the spring and summer months. CUSTOMERS Walmart Inc. accounted for approximately 18.4 % of our fiscal 2024 consolidated sales. Sales to Walmart Inc. were included in all of our segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could, if not replaced, have a material impact on our operations. No other single customer or customer group represented more than 10% of fiscal 2024 consolidated sales. COMPETITION Our food products compete with those of other food producers and processors and certain prepared food manufacturers. Additionally, our food products compete in markets around the world. We seek to achieve a leading market position for our products via our principal marketing and competitive strategy, which includes: • identifying target markets for products; • concentrating production, sales and marketing efforts to appeal to and enhance demand from those markets; and • utilizing our national distribution systems and customer support services. Past efforts indicate customer demand can be increased and sustained through application of our marketing strategy, consumer insights, strong analytic analysis to optimize efforts and supported by our distribution systems. The principal competitive elements are advertising, consumer and trade promotions, price, product safety and quality, brand identification, innovation, breadth and depth of product offerings, availability of products, customer service and credit terms. FOREIGN OPERATIONS We sold products in approximately 140 countries and regions in fiscal 2024. Major sales markets include Australia, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Japan, Mexico, Malaysia, the Middle East, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand. We have the following foreign operations: • , a chicken breeding stock subsidiary, has business interests in Argentina, Brazil, China, the Dominican Republic, India, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Peru, the Philippines, Spain, Turkey, and the United Kingdom. • Tyson consists of chicken production operations in Thailand, operations in Malaysia, a beef production operation in Australia, a producer and distributor of and cooked chicken and beef products in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and joint venture interests in two poultry businesses in Malaysia and one in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. • Tyson , with locations in China and South Korea, consists of chicken production operations, operations, and a joint venture interest in a chicken processing business. Tyson China also sells beef, pork, and chicken products imported from Tyson production facilities in the United States and other global operations. • Tyson Europe sells chicken products throughout the United Kingdom and Europe produced from our other global operations and arrangements. • Vibra Agroindustrial S.A., a joint venture in Brazil in which we have a minority interest, is a chicken processing business. • Holding Agro Industrial S.A., a joint venture in Argentina and Uruguay in which we have a minority interest, is a chicken processing business. • Tyson Mexico Trading Company, a Mexican subsidiary, sells chicken and prepared foods products primarily from our U.S. operations and arrangements. We continue to evaluate growth opportunities in foreign locations. Additional information regarding export sales and assets located in foreign locations is set forth in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 17: Segment Reporting. 5 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We conduct continuous research and development activities to improve product development, to automate manual processes in our processing facilities and operations, and to improve chicken breeding stock. Our Discovery Center in Springdale, Arkansas, includes more than 40,000 square feet of United States Department of Agriculture (“USDA”) and United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) pilot plant space, consumer sensory and focus group areas, packaging labs and 19 research kitchens. The center enables us to bring new retail and foodservice products to the customer quickly and efficiently. Additionally, we have a Manufacturing Automation Center in Springdale, Arkansas, designed to grow the development of new manufacturing solutions and to enhance team member training on new technology. Further, we have research and development capabilities located in several international locations where we operate. ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION AND FOOD SAFETY Environmental Regulation Our facilities for processing beef, pork, chicken, turkey and prepared foods, milling feed and housing live chickens and swine are subject to many international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including provisions relating to all environmental media - air, land and water, and generally provide for environmental protection. We believe we are in substantial compliance with such applicable laws and regulations and are not aware of any violations of such laws and regulations likely to result in material penalties or material increases in compliance costs. The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position, and except as described below, is not anticipated to have a material adverse effect in the future. Food Safety We work to ensure our products meet high standards of food safety and quality. In addition to our own internal Food Safety and Quality Assurance oversight and review, our beef, pork, chicken, and prepared foods products are subject to inspection, primarily by the USDA and the FDA. We also participate in the USDA’s Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (“HACCP”) program or FDA’s Hazard Analysis and Prevention Controls (“HARPC”) program as applicable and are subject to the Sanitation Standard Operating Procedures and the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002. Additionally, our foreign operations are subject to various other food safety and quality assurance oversight and review. Greenhouse Gas Emissions Various federal, state, regulatory agencies, and .S. governments continue to consider and adopt programs to regulate, report, and control greenhouse gas emissions. Although we have not incurred significant costs or capital expenditures specific to greenhouse gas emission compliance, these requirements are continually evolving and increasing. As the exact impact of new or additional greenhouse gas emission controls and requirements remains in flux, it cannot be determined whether such impacts would have a material adverse effect. Tyson closely monitors developments in this area and strives to mitigate risks related to greenhouse gas emissions through environmental compliance and initiatives. For example, we collect and monitor greenhouse gas emissions data, which can be used to inform greenhouse gas emission reduction and removal interventions in our operations and supply chain. We continue to evaluate our goals and initiatives, including corresponding costs, evolving legal landscapes, stakeholder expectations, and customer and consumer understanding of climate action. Sustainability Through our Formula to Feed the Future, we aim to bring together a diverse set of expertise to reimagine our people and community impact, drive product responsibility from farm to table, and work toward sustaining natural resources. We are reimagining our people and community impact by enabling workers to succeed while supporting the growth of our communities. We aim to drive product responsibility from farm to table by delivering value to consumers with , nutritious protein through our leading portfolio of products. We are working toward sustaining natural resources by driving practices in our own operations and supply chains to build a robust food system that supports current and future generations. Additionally, we established sustainability governance and oversight through the Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors. This Committee advises the Board on matters relating to corporate responsibility and sustainability, including environmental, social and governance matters affecting the Company. It also oversees and reviews, at least annually, the Company’s integration of sustainability principles into our business strategy and . 6 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Employees and Labor Relations As of September 28, 2024, we employed approximately 138,000 team members globally. Approximately 120,000 team members were employed in the United States, of whom approximately 114,000 were employed at sites such as production facilities, warehouses, truck shops, hatcheries and feed mills. Approximately 18,000 team members were employed in other countries, primarily in Thailand and China. For fiscal 2024, our domestic workforce experienced a relatively flat retention rate from fiscal 2023. Approximately 30,000 team members in the United States were subject to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions, with approximately 20% of those team members at locations either under negotiation for contract renewal or included under agreements expiring in fiscal 2025. The remaining agreements expire over the next several years. Approximately 6,000 team members in other countries were subject to collective bargaining agreements. We believe our overall relations with our workforce in both unionized and settings are healthy. Health, Safety and Wellbeing We maintain a safety culture grounded on the premise of eliminating workplace incidents, risks and identified hazards. In an effort to ensure our team members are highly engaged and prepared for success at Tyson Foods, we emphasize comprehensive training programs. Newly hired team members participate in an orientation program that spans 14-16 hours. Team members within our production facilities also receive an average of 80 hours training. Additionally, all team members receive comprehensive annual compliance training, covering essential topics such as team member safety, food safety, and other vital areas. We created and implemented processes to help identify and eliminate safety events by reducing their frequency and severity. We also review and monitor our safety performance closely. Our goal is to reduce Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) recordable incidents year over year. During fiscal 2024, our recordable incident rate declined 1% compared to fiscal 2023. As an expansion of our wellbeing culture and efforts to boost the overall health and wellness of our workforce, we continue to operate health clinics near our production facilities, giving team members and their families easier access to healthcare. Team Member Engagement, Inclusion, and Belonging We firmly believe innovation thrives when teams come together, bringing a multitude of perspectives to propel progress and growth. Our workforce consists of approximately 39% women and approximately 70% minority groups. We believe that our diverse experiences make us strong, and we strive to create an inclusive workforce in which every team member contributes to our collective success. At Tyson Foods, our commitment to our team is rooted in our desire to create working environments that enable team members to succeed while supporting the growth of our communities. We maintain policies, practices and strong governance that are designed to enable team member success across our organization. Our Team Member Promise underscores our commitment to providing a work environment free from all forms of discrimination and harassment. All new team members receive training on this policy during onboarding, and all team members are required to take this training annually. We also maintain an Equal Opportunity Employer statement that details our commitment to equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. The Company has eight business resource groups that support our team members. Talent and Development Our talent strategy and philosophy is focused on attracting the best talent, recognizing and rewarding performance, while continually developing, engaging and retaining our team members. We focus on the team member experience, removing barriers to engagement, further modernizing the human resources process, focusing on frontline team member retention and continually improving equity and effectiveness of all talent practices. Consistent with this focus, we conducted our fifth OneTyson engagement survey, that included corporate and frontline team members for the purpose of evaluating our team member experience, internal performance and how we compared to other companies in multiple areas. In addition, through our Upward Academy Onsite Program, we offer English as a second language, equivalency, citizenship, financial literacy and digital literacy training to all team members . As of September 28, 2024, the onsite program was operating at 57 Company locations. All team members can also access Upward Academy online, a frontline career development program. This program helps team members further hone professional skills and creates opportunities for our team members to advance to , more positions within the Company through college degrees, job skills training and workforce certifications at no cost. We strive to grow and develop the different capabilities and skills that we need for the future, while maintaining a robust pipeline of talent throughout the organization. MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION Our principal marketing objective is to be the preferred provider of beef, pork, chicken and prepared foods products for our customers and consumers. We build the Tyson®, Jimmy Dean®, Hillshire Farm®, Ball Park®, Wright®, State Fair®, Aidells® and ibp® brands while supporting strong regional and emerging brands primarily through distinctive brand and product advertising, promotion and public relations efforts focused toward key consumer targets with specific needs. We identify growth and business opportunities through consumer and customer insights derived via leading research and analytic capabilities. We utilize our national distribution system and customer support services to achieve the leading market position for our products and brands. 7 We have the ability to produce and ship fresh, frozen and refrigerated products worldwide. Domestically, our distribution system extends to a broad network of food distributors and is supported by our owned or leased cold storage warehouses, public cold storage facilities and our transportation system. Our distribution centers accumulate fresh and frozen products so we can fill and consolidate orders into full truckloads, thereby decreasing shipping costs while increasing customer service. In addition, we provide our customers a wide selection of products that do not require large volume orders. Our distribution system enables us to supply large or small quantities of products to meet customer requirements anywhere in the continental United States. Internationally, we utilize both rail and truck refrigerated transportation to domestic ports, where consolidations take place to transport to foreign destinations. PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS We have filed a number of patent applications relating to our processes and products that either have been granted or are in the process of review. Because we do a significant amount of brand name and product line advertising to promote our products, we consider the protection of our trademarks to be important to our marketing efforts, and we regularly register and apply for the registration of a number of trademarks. We also have developed proprietary information regarding our production processes and other matters. We utilize internal procedures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality of such information and, where appropriate, seek patent and/or other protection for the technology we utilize. INDUSTRY PRACTICES Our agreements with customers are generally , primarily due to the nature of our products, industry practices and fluctuations in supply, demand and price for such products. In certain instances where we are selling further processed products to large customers, we may enter into written agreements whereby we will act as the exclusive or preferred supplier to the customer, with pricing terms that are either fixed or variable. AVAILABILITY OF SEC FILINGS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS ON INTERNET WEBSITE We maintain an internet website for investors at http://ir.tyson.com. On this website, we make available, free of charge, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, iXBRL (inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) reports, and all amendments to any of those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Also available on the website to review and print for investors are the Corporate Governance Principles, Audit Committee charter, Compensation and Leadership Development Committee charter, Governance and Nominating Committee charter, Strategy and Acquisitions Committee charter, Code of Conduct, Whistleblower Policy and other corporate governance policies. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 Certain information in this report constitutes statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, current views and estimates of our outlook for fiscal 2025, other future economic circumstances, industry conditions in domestic and international markets, our performance and financial results (e.g., debt levels, return on invested capital, product growth, capital expenditures, tax rates, access to foreign markets and dividend policy). These statements are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and experiences to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any statements, which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 8 Among the factors that may cause actual results and experiences to differ from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such statements are the following: (i) global pandemics have had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on our business and operations; (ii) the effectiveness of financial excellence programs; (iii) access to foreign markets together with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, import/export restrictions and foreign politics; (iv) cyber attacks, other cyber incidents, security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems; (v) risks associated with our failure to consummate favorable acquisition transactions or integrate certain acquisitions’ operations; (vi) the Tyson Limited Partnership’s ability to exercise significant control over the Company; (vii) fluctuations in the cost and availability of inputs and raw materials, such as live cattle, live swine, feed grains (including corn and soybean meal) and energy; (viii) market conditions for finished products, including competition from other global and domestic food processors, supply and pricing of competing products and alternative proteins and demand for alternative proteins; (ix) outbreak of a livestock disease (such as African swine fever (ASF), avian influenza (AI) or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE)), which could have an adverse effect on livestock we own, the availability of livestock we purchase, consumer perception of certain protein products or our ability to conduct our operations; (x) changes in consumer preference and diets and our ability to identify and react to consumer trends; (xi) effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs; (xii) significant marketing plan changes by large customers or loss of one or more large customers; (xiii) our ability to leverage brand value propositions; (xiv) changes in availability and relative costs of labor and contract farmers and our ability to maintain good relationships with team members, labor unions, contract farmers and independent producers providing us livestock; (xv) issues related to food safety, including costs resulting from product recalls, regulatory compliance and any related claims or litigation; (xvi) compliance with and changes to regulations and laws (both domestic and foreign), including changes in accounting standards, tax laws, environmental laws, agricultural laws and occupational, health and safety laws; (xvii) the effect of climate change and any legal or regulatory response thereto; (xviii) adverse results from litigation; (xix) risks associated with leverage, including cost increases due to rising interest rates or changes in debt ratings or outlook; (xx) impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets; (xxi) our participation in a multiemployer pension plan; (xxii) volatility in capital markets or interest rates; (xxiii) risks associated with our commodity purchasing activities; (xxiv) the effect of, or changes in, general economic conditions; (xxv) impacts on our operations caused by factors and forces beyond our control, such as natural disasters, fire, bioterrorism, pandemics, armed conflicts or extreme weather; (xxvi) failure to maximize or assert our intellectual property rights; (xxvii) effects related to changes in tax rates, valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or tax laws and their interpretation; and (xxviii) those factors listed under Item 1A. Risk Factors. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS These risks, which should be considered carefully with the information provided elsewhere in this report, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. BUSINESS & OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS Global pandemics have had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on our business and operations. Our business relies on the health and of our employees who run the operations of the Company. Global pandemics, or localized epidemics, have had and may in the future have an adverse impact on our business and operations. During the pandemic, many parts of our business and operations were negatively affected. Negative effects from a global pandemic could include an increase in operating costs in connection with higher costs associated with protecting the health and safety of team members. If there is a pandemic, we may also experience disruption and volatility in our supply chain, which could result in increased costs for certain raw materials, packaging materials and transportation costs. In addition, our operations, or those of producers who provide live animals to our production operations, may become more limited in their ability to procure, deliver, or produce our food products because of labor shortages. We may not realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our financial excellence programs, which may prove to be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected. The success of the financial excellence programs, or future financial excellence programs will depend in part on our ability to successfully implement the programs in an efficient and effective manner. The implementation of the financial excellence programs may be more difficult, costly, or than expected, and the financial excellence programs may not result in any or all of the anticipated benefits. If we are unable to implement the financial excellence programs smoothly or successfully, or we otherwise do not capture the anticipated savings, our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be negatively impacted. 9 We are subject to risks associated with our international activities, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign locations, as well as our operations and assets in such locations. In fiscal 2024, we sold products to customers in approximately 140 countries. Major sales markets include Australia, Canada, Central America, Chile, China, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Japan, Mexico, Malaysia, the Middle East, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand. Our sales to customers in foreign countries for fiscal 2024 totaled $7.8 billion, of which $5.2 billion related to export sales from the United States. In addition, we had approximately $1.4 billion of assets located in foreign locations, primarily Brazil, China, the European Union, Malaysia, the Middle East and Thailand, at the end of fiscal 2024. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of beef, pork and poultry products due to animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues; the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the Australian dollar, the Brazilian real, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Chinese renminbi, the European euro, the Malaysian ringgit, the Mexican peso, and the Thai baht; political and economic conditions, including ongoing conflicts and political tensions; and difficulties and costs of complying with different legal, tax and regulatory requirements impacting exports and other international activities. Negative consequences relating to these risks and uncertainties could jeopardize or limit our ability to transact business in one or more of those markets where we operate or in other developing markets and could adversely affect our financial results. Our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information technology systems against, or effectively respond to, cyber attacks, other cyber incidents or security breaches or if our information technology systems are otherwise disrupted. Information technology is key to our business operations, and we rely on information technology systems to, among other things, manage business data, increase efficiencies in our production and distribution facilities, manage sales and inventory, process financial information, and communicate with our facilities, personnel, customers and suppliers. Information communicated through our information technology systems include confidential information, such as personal health information, payment and financial information, intellectual property and customer information. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to disruption, including as a result of upgrading, replacing or integrating software and databases, user errors, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber attacks, disruptions of and cloud hosting providers, unauthorized access attempts and other security issues. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future face, cyber attacks, other cyber incidents, disruptions or security breaches, and there can be no assurance that we will always be able to sufficiently mitigate the impact to our business and operations. We have implemented and continue to evaluate initiatives and business continuity and disaster recovery plans to mitigate our exposure to these risks, but these measures may not be adequate, as attempted cyber attacks or breaches become more sophisticated. In addition, new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, may present new technological risks or vulnerabilities. We may not be able to anticipate or react to new types of cyber attacks or vulnerabilities and we may face delays in our detection or remediation of security breaches and other incidents or vulnerabilities. Any failure of our information technology systems could cause transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers and sales, have negative consequences on our team members, business partners, and operations, and may expose us to liability, litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. If there is wide scale disruption to our systems, we may need to shut parts or all of our systems down to run tests and repairs. Any such downtime could have significant impacts on our ability to continue our business operations, including our ability to operate our facilities, manage and track inventory, and manage and track incoming new orders and statuses of existing orders. In the event any significant failure of our systems requires us to upgrade or set up new systems, the oversight and implementation of the new system and training of personnel could be costly, there may be further disruptions from potential instability in the new system, and there may be heightened cybersecurity risks in connection with the migration of data to the new system. In addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized or accidental disclosure of material confidential information or personally identifiable information. We may suffer financial and reputational damage or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our business partners, customers, consumers or suppliers. Similar risks exist with respect to the vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, including health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and systems managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors. We have not experienced any significant events in fiscal 2024. We may not be able to successfully consummate favorable strategic acquisitions or divestitures or successfully integrate acquired businesses. We periodically evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures and other initiatives, and may seek to expand our business through such activities. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve financial and operational risks and uncertainties, and there may be challenges in realizing the anticipated benefits of these transactions, or in the availability and terms of debt or equity financing for these transactions. We may not be able to successfully integrate and develop acquired companies or businesses into profitable units. If we are unable to do this, such expansion could adversely affect our financial results. 10 Additionally, from time to time, we may divest businesses that do not align with our strategic objectives or that do not meet our growth or profitability targets. We may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. Gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability and margins. Moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to divestitures that reduce our profitability. Our divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks, which could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. Tyson Limited Partnership can exercise significant control. As of September 28, 2024, Tyson Limited Partnership (the “TLP”) owns 99.987% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B Common Stock, $0.10 par value (“Class B stock”), and the TLP and members of the Tyson family own, in the aggregate, 2.43% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock, $0.10 par value (“Class A stock”), giving them, collectively, control of approximately 71.70% of the total voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock. As of September 28, 2024, through a series of trusts, Mr. John Tyson, Chairman of the Board of Directors, controls 44.445% of the general partner percentage interests, and Ms. Barbara Tyson, a director of the Company, controls 11.115% of the general partner percentage interests (the remaining general partnership interests are held by the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust (44.44%)). As a result of these holdings, positions and directorships, the partners in the TLP have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our stockholders, including amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and , the election and removal of directors, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other stockholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally, as a result of the TLP’s significant ownership of our outstanding voting stock, we are eligible for “controlled company” exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. INDUSTRY RISK FACTORS Fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of raw materials, especially feed grains, live cattle, live swine and other inputs could negatively impact our earnings. Our results of operations and financial condition, as well as the selling prices for our products, are dependent upon the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials such as beef, pork, poultry, corn, soybean meal and vegetable oils. Corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients, for instance, represented roughly 56% of our cost of growing a live chicken in fiscal 2024. Production and pricing of these commodities are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. Volatility in our commodity and raw material costs directly impact our gross margin and profitability. The Company’s objective continues to be to offset commodity price increases with pricing actions over time. However, we may not always be able to increase our product prices enough to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs due to consumer price sensitivity or the pricing postures of our competitors. In addition, if we increase prices to offset higher costs, we could experience lower demand for our products and sales volumes. Conversely, decreases in our commodity and other input costs may create pressure on us to decrease our prices. While we use derivative financial instruments, primarily futures and options, to reduce the effect of changing prices and as a mechanism to procure the underlying commodity, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices. Over time, if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, to offset operating cost increases with continuous improvement savings or are not successful in our commodity hedging program, then commodity and raw material price increases could materially and adversely affect our profitability, financial condition and results of operations. The prices we receive for our products may fluctuate due to competition from other food producers and processors. The food industry in general is intensely competitive. We face competition from other food producers and processors that have various product ranges and geographic reach. From time to time, in response to competitive pressures or to maintain market share, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products or increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising and promotions and new product innovation. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. Any reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices to offset cost increases, could harm our profit margins. If we reduce prices but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset the price changes, then our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Alternatively, if we do not reduce our prices and our competitors seek advantage through pricing or promotional changes, our revenues and market share could also be adversely affected. 11 Disease outbreaks can adversely impact our ability to conduct our operations and the supply and demand for our products. Supply of and demand for our products can be adversely impacted by disease outbreaks impacting animals, animal products, and livestock, such as African swine fever (“ASF”), Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy, Foot and Mouth Disease, and Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza (“HPAI”), which can have a significant impact on our financial results. In recent years, ASF has impacted hog herds in China, Asia, Europe, and the Caribbean, and if an outbreak of ASF were to occur in the United States, the Company’s supply of hogs and pork could be materially impacted. In 2024, HPAI was detected in the United States in dairy cattle, wild birds, mammals, and farm workers directly exposed to infected dairy or poultry. Efforts are taken to control disease risks by adherence to good production practices and extensive precautionary biosecurity measures designed to ensure the health of livestock and poultry. However, outbreaks of disease and other events, which may be beyond our control, either in our own livestock and poultry, or livestock and poultry owned by independent producers who supply us, could significantly affect demand for our products, consumer perceptions of certain food products, the availability of livestock and poultry for purchase by us and our ability to conduct our operations. Moreover, the outbreak of diseases impacting animals, animal products, and livestock, particularly in our Chicken segment, could have a significant effect on the livestock and poultry we own by requiring us to, among other things, destroy any affected animals. Furthermore, an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our products to or from our suppliers, facilities or customers. This could also result in negative publicity that may have an adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully, and on our financial results. Changes in consumer preference and failure to maintain favorable consumer perception of our brands and products could negatively impact our business. The food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends, demands and preferences. Trends within the food industry change often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts. We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products or ingredients or loss of confidence in the food safety system generally could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to continually innovate and successfully launch new products and maintain our brand image through marketing investment could adversely impact our operating results. Our financial success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences, purchasing behaviors and dietary habits and successfully developing and launching new products and product extensions that consumers want in the channels where they shop. We devote significant resources to new product development and product extensions; however, we may not be successful in developing innovative new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. To the extent we are not able to effectively gauge the direction of our key markets and successfully identify, develop, manufacture and market new or improved products in these changing markets, such as adapting to emerging e-commerce channels, our financial results and our competitive position will suffer. In addition, our introduction of new products or product extensions may generate litigation or other legal proceedings against us by competitors claiming infringement of their intellectual property or other rights, which could negatively impact our results of operations. We have a number of iconic brands with significant value. Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide products. We seek to maintain and extend the image of our brands through marketing investments, including advertising, consumer promotions and trade spend. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising, promotions and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, our marketing investments may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. Continuing global focus on health and wellness, including weight management, and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of food marketing practices. Our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image also depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our reputation and brand image. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products, for instance marketing to children, which may limit our ability to maintain or extend our brand image. If we do not maintain or extend our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 12 The loss of one or more of our largest customers could negatively impact our business. Our business could suffer significant setbacks in sales and operating income if our customers’ plans and/or markets change significantly or if we lost one or more of our largest customers, including, for example, Walmart Inc., which accounted for 18.4% of our sales in fiscal 2024. There can be no assurance that significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. Alternative retail channels, such as convenience stores, dollar stores, drug stores, club stores and retailers have increased their market share. This trend towards alternative channels is expected to continue in the future. If we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels, our business or financial results may be adversely impacted. Many of our customers have consolidated in recent years, and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the United States and in other major markets. These consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories, opposing price increases, and demanding lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. These customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. Because of these trends, our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products. Additionally, these large customers may demand more favorable terms that may expose us to greater risks, including uncapped indemnification and no limitation of liability provisions. Such terms may obligate us to pay significant amounts in connection with potential losses arising from claims and related legal proceedings, and any such claims could also affect our reputation and our relationship with customers. We generally attempt to limit the maximum amount of indemnification or liability that we could be exposed to under our contracts, but this is not always possible without risking the loss of a customer relationship, particularly with our more significant customers. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to, or adverse change to trade terms with, a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private label products, especially during economic downturn, may adversely affect our profitability. In many product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with private label products that generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers are more likely to purchase our products if they believe that our products provide a higher quality and greater value than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are profitable for us. In addition, in periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private label or other economy brands. To the extent this occurs, we could experience a reduction in the sales volume of our higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. In addition, in times of economic uncertainty, consumers reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at our foodservice customers, which in turn reduces our product sales. LABOR & EMPLOYMENT RISK FACTORS Labor shortages and increased turnover or increases in employee and costs could have adverse effects on our profitability. Labor shortages and increased turnover rates within our team members have led to and could in the future lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our production facilities or otherwise operate at full capacity. An overall or prolonged labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have an adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. We depend on the availability of, and good relations with, our team members and their labor unions. We have approximately 138,000 team members, approximately 36,000 of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. Our operations depend on the availability and relative costs of labor and maintaining good relations with team members and the labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our team members or with the labor unions, we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results. If we are unable to attract, hire or retain key team members or a highly skilled and experienced global workforce, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our continued growth requires us to attract, hire, retain and develop key team members and maintain a highly skilled and experienced global workforce. We compete to attract and hire highly skilled team members and our own team members are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies. Competition could cause us to lose talented team members, and unplanned turnover could deplete our institutional knowledge and result in increased costs due to increased competition for team members. In addition, our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining our existing team members. 13 We depend on contract farmers and independent producers to supply us with livestock. We contract primarily with independent contract farmers to raise the live chickens and turkeys processed in our poultry operations. A majority of our cattle and hogs are purchased from independent producers who sell livestock to us under marketing contracts or on the open market. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with farmers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers, our production operations could be negatively affected. Certain of our competitors may also negotiate more favorable contract terms that could provide them with competitive advantages and affect our supply. LEGAL & REGULATORY RISK FACTORS Product liability claims could adversely affect our business operations and financial results, or damage our reputation. We face a risk of product liability claims from potential contamination of our products by foreign materials, organisms or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella, and E. coli, or exposure to chemicals of concern from packaging or environmental exposure. These risks may be controlled, but may not be eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices, finished product testing, and supply chain due diligence initiatives. We have little, if any, control over handling procedures for raw materials used in our products occurring upstream in the value chain and handling procedures for our products after they have been shipped for distribution. Any potentially contaminated products or allegation of contaminated products could result in an increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory scrutiny, and assessment of penalties, including injunctive relief and plant closings, by federal and state regulatory agencies, and adverse publicity, which could exacerbate the associated negative consumer reaction. Some of our commercial contracts with our customers have uncapped indemnification clauses or no limitation of liability provisions, so any of these occurrences could cause us to pay significant amounts in penalties and spend significant resources, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. While we may benefit from indemnification obligations from certain of our customers, such protections may not adequately cover all claims brought against us or cover only a portion of such claims. In addition, we may be required to recall some of our products in response to a regulatory action, customer concern, or alleged contamination. A widespread product recall could result in significant financial losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. Such a product recall also could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. The Company is required to comply with stringent environmental laws and regulations. Our past and present business operations and ownership and operation of our facilities are subject to stringent federal, state, local, and, in some cases, foreign, environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. For more information, refer to “Environmental Regulation and Food Safety” in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to comply with any future changes to these laws and regulations or with new laws and regulations that may be enacted, is material to our business. Some of our facilities have been in operation for many years, and, over time, we and other prior operators of these facilities may have incurred environmental liabilities, such as costs related to the disposal of wastes that are now deemed hazardous. Our products are similarly subject to many evolving environmental laws, such as labeling and disclosure requirements, packaging specifications, and waste reduction initiatives (including those related to plastics and extended producer responsibility obligations). Increased compliance costs and expenses due to increasing legal and regulatory environmental requirements could be prohibitively costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our production facilities or production of products. New or more stringent domestic and international government regulations could impose material costs on us and could adversely affect our business. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations by authorities that oversee raw material inputs, relationships or interactions with growers, farmers, and ranchers, food safety standards, and processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, and export of our products. Changes in laws or regulations that impose new or additional regulatory requirements on food products, such as new or evolving requirements for raw material sourcing, supply chain due diligence, and product labeling and disclosures could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. 14 Failure to comply with applicable legal standards or requirements could result in regulatory enforcement actions, legal claims or class actions lawsuits, or affect our product sales, reputation and profitability. We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently, we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our team members, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. Legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those contained in Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20: Commitments and Contingencies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, could subject us to civil and criminal penalties, including debarment from governmental contracts, that could adversely affect our product sales, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results. Climate change may have a adverse impact on our business. The effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a adverse impact on our business and the results of operations. Climate change and rising global temperatures may contribute to changing weather patterns, elongated drought periods, heavier or more frequent storms and wildfires, and increased frequency and severity of natural disasters, and may limit the availability, or increase the cost, of key agricultural commodities and natural resource ingredients and manufacturing inputs, as well as raw materials such as beef, pork, poultry, corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients. Increased frequency or severity of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products, and could adversely affect operating results. In addition, climate change may require us to make additional unplanned capital expenditures. Increasing concern over climate change also may adversely impact demand for our products due to changes in consumer preferences and result in additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to manage greenhouse gas emissions, climate risks, and resulting environmental impacts. Increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to increased legal or regulatory requirements could be prohibitively costly and may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our production facilities. Furthermore, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes to our business operations and strategy, which will likely incur substantial time, attention, and costs. Finally, we currently provide certain disclosures. These disclosures may be based on evolving standards, controls, and internal processes, or connect to assumptions that are subject to change. There can be no assurance that our current disclosures and targets, and the methodologies that we currently use to support our disclosures and progress towards our targets, will satisfy any new or evolving regulations and legal requirements in the U.S. and abroad, and the costs of aligning our current disclosures to any new legal requirements may be significant. FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS Our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could negatively impact our business and liquidity position. Our indebtedness, including any borrowings under our revolving credit and term loan facilities and commercial paper program, may increase from time to time for various reasons, including fluctuations in operating results, working capital needs, capital expenditures and possible acquisitions, joint ventures or other significant initiatives. Our consolidated indebtedness level could adversely affect our business because it may limit or impair our ability to obtain financing in the future; our credit ratings (or any decrease to our credit ratings) could restrict or impede our ability to access capital markets at desired interest rates and increase our borrowing costs; a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes; and it may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions, in each case, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition, we are required to maintain a minimum interest expense coverage ratio. Our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations, mergers and sales of assets. 15 An impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In assessing the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, we make estimates and assumptions about sales growth, operating margins, royalty rates, valuation multiples, and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management’s judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill valuations have been calculated principally using income and market approaches. The income approach is based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. The market approach measures value based on what other purchasers in the market have paid for assets or business interests that can be considered reasonably similar to each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Indefinite life intangible asset valuations have been calculated principally using and excess earnings approaches and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches, we are required to make various judgmental assumptions about appropriate sales growth, operating margins, royalty rates and discount rates, amongst other assumptions. Disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions, including as a result of inflation, could, among other things, cause us to increase the discount rate used in the valuations. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business, increased discount rates or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses could result in impairment charges in the future, which could be substantial. At September 28, 2024, we had $13.9 billion of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, which represented approximately 37% of total assets. Participation in a Multiemployer Pension Plan could adversely affect our business. We participate in a “multiemployer” pension plan that provides defined benefits to certain team members covered by collective bargaining agreements. This type of plan is typically administered by a board of trustees composed of the management of the participating companies and labor representatives. We are required to make periodic contributions to this plan to allow the plan to meet its pension benefit obligation to its participants. Our required contributions to this fund could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to this fund, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. In the event that we withdraw from participation in this plan, then applicable law could require us to make additional contributions to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Our withdrawal liability would depend on the extent of the plan’s funding of vested benefits. The plan in which we participate is reported to have a significant underfunded liability. Such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. In the event a withdrawal or partial withdrawal were to occur with respect to the multiemployer plan, the impact to our consolidated financial statements could be material. Volatility in the capital markets or interest rates could adversely impact our pension costs and the funded status of our pension plans. We sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for team members. The difference between plan obligations and assets, which signifies the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of the pension plans and our ongoing funding requirements. At September 28, 2024, the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans was an underfunded position of $158 million, as compared to an underfunded position of $149 million at the end of fiscal 2023. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of the plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and our future funding requirements. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements. Market fluctuations could negatively impact our operating results as we hedge certain transactions. Our business is exposed to fluctuating market conditions. We use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to various market risks including changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We hold certain positions, primarily in grain and livestock futures, that are not hedges for financial reporting purposes. These positions are marked to fair value, and the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. Therefore, losses on these contracts will adversely affect our reported operating results. While these contracts reduce our exposure to changes in prices for commodity products, the use of such instruments may ultimately limit our ability to benefit from favorable commodity prices. GENERAL RISK FACTORS Deterioration of economic conditions could negatively impact our business. Our business may be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, access to capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products, the financial condition of customers and suppliers, the cost and availability of raw materials, the cost and availability of financing for our operations, debt or investments, thereby negatively affecting our financial results. 16 Disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions could, among other things, make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or to refinance our debt in the future; impair the financial condition of some of our customers and suppliers, thereby increasing customer bad debts or by suppliers; negatively impact global demand for protein products, which could result in a reduction of sales, operating income and cash flows; decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities; or negatively impact our commodity purchasing activities if we are required to record losses related to derivative financial instruments. In addition, consumer spending may decline at any time for reasons beyond our control, and the risks associated with our businesses may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may reduce consumer confidence and result in a decrease in consumer demand for our products. Furthermore, inflation, which has significantly risen, has and may continue to increase our operational costs, including labor costs and grain and feed ingredient costs, and continued inc

[truncated]