Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended Related Notes 1 to 36 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including material accounting policies, judgements and estimates. Balance Sheet as at December 31, 2025 Statement of Income for the year then ended Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended Related Notes 1 to 18 to the Financial Statements, including material accounting policies, judgement and estimates. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and UK adopted international accounting standards and IFRS as issued by the IASB. 2. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements' section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 3. Independence As disclosed publicly, during 2025 we identified that the previous Lead Audit Partner was not in compliance with necessary partner rotation requirements. We remediated this situation and have concluded that at all times, as a firm we have been independent of the Group and Parent Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. The services prohibited by the FRC's Ethical Standard were not provided to the Group or the Parent Company, with only one inconsequential exception and we remained independent of the Group and the Parent Company in conducting the audit. This exception related to the provision of VAT Compliance Services for 10 days in July 2025, for a newly acquired immaterial subsidiary in India. The service was performed by EY India with a total fee for the period impacted of less than £500. The provision of the service did not create a self- review threat as the subsidiary was immaterial and not part of the scope of the Group audit. We informed the Audit and Risk Committee of the inadvertent breach in July 2025. We considered this to be a minor breach of the FRC's Ethical Standard and we consider that an objective, reasonable and informed third party would not conclude that our independence was impaired, and we remain independent of the Group and the Parent Company in conducting the audit. 4. Conclusions relating to going concern In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. The going concern assessment covered the period to June 30, 2027 (the going concern period). Our evaluation of the directors' assessment of the Group and Parent Company's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included: ￮ verifying the consistency of information used in management's assessment with the operating plan and information obtained through auditing other areas of the business such as impairment assessments and deferred tax asset recoverability assessments; ￮ assessing the reasonableness of the estimated financial impact of each of the severe but possible scenarios, and the possible mitigation steps and assumptions regarding the availability of future funding options. The scenarios are described by management in the basis of preparation statements in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 1 to the Parent Company Financial Statements; ￮ evaluating whether Shell's operating plan reflects the actions that management intend to take in order to achieve their stated Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reductions, as stated in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including confirming that the operating and capital expenditure estimates to deliver the reductions are included in the operating plan. This included evaluating Shell's carbon pricing assumptions; ￮ conducting severe but plausible independent stress testing to a significantly lower price environment than current prices throughout the going concern period and a reverse stress test to determine the conditions under which Shell could potentially experience a liquidity shortfall; and ￮ reviewing the going concern disclosures to assess that the disclosures are consistent with the basis upon which the Board have concluded, and are in conformity with the reporting standards. Financial Statements and Supplements 216 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 4. Conclusions relating to going concern continued Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group's and Parent Company's ability to continue as going concerns until June 30, 2027. In relation to the Group and Parent Company's reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the directors' statement in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Parent Company Financial Statements about whether the directors considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting. Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant section of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the Group's or Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 5. Overview of our audit approach Key audit matters (Section 6) The key audit matters that we identified in the 2025 audit were: ￮ impact of climate change and the energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements; ￮ impairment assessment of property plant and equipment (PP&E) and joint ventures and associates (JVAs); and ￮ valuation of certain commodity derivatives, as well as the risk of rogue trading, within the Gas & Power portfolio of the Trading & Supply (T&S) function. In the prior year, our auditor's report included a key audit matter in relation to the estimation of oil and gas reserves which is a key input to the calculation of depreciation, depletion and amortisation and impairment testing. In the current year, we do not identify estimation of oil and gas reserves as a separate key audit matter as the estimate, on a basis, does not have a material impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements. We designed and performed audit procedures relative to the risk levels determined through the application of our consistent framework for the estimation of oil and gas reserves. These procedures were adjusted, as necessary, based on the nature, scale, and complexity of our work during the year. In the current year, we have reflected our key audit procedures on estimation of oil and gas reserves within our response to this risk within the impairment assessment of PP&E and JVAs. Assessing materiality (Section 7) We based materiality on normalised Adjusted Earnings on a basis. This approach removes both the effects of oil price changes on inventory carrying amounts and gains and charges disclosed as identified items, which can significantly distort Shell's results in any one particular year. By applying a normalised Adjusted Earnings approach, we concluded that it was appropriate to set planning materiality at $1.7 billion. We adopted the following materiality measures in our 2025 audit: Assessing materiality Our scope of the audit of Shell's Consolidated Financial Statements (Section 8) We performed an audit of the complete financial information of seven components and audit procedures on specific balances for a further 83 components and central procedures on climate change and energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements, impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and joint ventures and associates and valuation of certain commodity derivatives, as well as risk of rogue trading, within the Gas & Power portfolio of the T&S function. Our scope was tailored to the circumstances of our audit of Shell and is influenced by our determination of materiality and our assessed risks of material misstatement. Similar to the prior year, during the course of the 2025 audit, we did not make any substantial changes to our assessment of the components where we performed full or specific scope audit procedures; however, what did change was the nature and emphasis of our testing in response to our significant audit risks and areas of audit focus. By following this approach, our audit effort focused on higher risk areas, such as management judgements. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 217 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 6. Our assessment of key audit matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those which had the greatest effect on; the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of Shell's Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements as a whole, and in our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. The impact of climate change and the energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements Description of the key audit matter The financial statement and audit risks related to climate change and the energy transition remain an area of audit focus. This is due to the continued uncertainty surrounding the impact of climate change and the inherent impact it has on key areas of accounting judgement and estimation and, therefore, our audit. The processes by which management is informed about matters are set out in Less Emissions, within the Strategic Report, and Sustainability Statements which forms part of the "Other Information", rather than the audited financial statements. Within these sections, Shell have described risks and opportunities over the short, medium and long term, as well as the progress against their targets and ambition. They also describe the impact of risks and opportunities on Shell's business, strategy, financial planning, as well as Shell's process for identifying, assessing and managing climate- related risks. In Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Shell describes how they consider impacts in key areas of the Consolidated Financial Statements and how this translates into the valuation of assets and measurement of liabilities. In carrying out our audit, we have focused on the alignment of assumptions adopted by Shell in the preparation of their financial statements with commentary on climate change within their Strategic Report and Sustainability Statements. We have also considered the information and data on material impacts, risks and opportunities based on the outcome of the double materiality assessment included in the Sustainability Statements. We also focused on how Shell had reflected material climate change risks in their financial statements, including the impact of targets and ambition on accounting estimates and judgements. In assessing how these risks have been incorporated, we focused on the following five climate risks: 1) how Shell's assumed future commodity price and sales volume assumptions compare to energy transition scenarios (transition risk); 2) the reasonableness of Shell's forecasted future carbon costs (transition risk); 3a) the carbon intensity of Shell's Chemicals and Products, Upstream and Integrated Gas assets and associated products (transition risk); 3b) the material financial statement risk associated with delivery of decarbonisation projects of Shell's assets, to meet their targets and ambition (transition risk); 4) the appropriateness of the remaining useful economic lives of assets and the risk of material stranded assets (transition risk); and 5) whether physical risk considerations have been incorporated into Shell's asset plans (physical risk). The critical accounting judgements and estimates that are impacted by climate change and the energy transition are disclosed within Note 4 "Climate change and energy transition" to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our response to the risk Overall response To respond to the impact of climate change and the energy transition on our audit, our audit team included professionals with significant experience in climate change and energy transition. The audit procedures were performed by the group engagement team. In our 2025 audit, as part of our risk assessment, we considered financial and data to assess the five climate risks over assets with an aggregate net book value of approximately $114 billion, of which assets with a net book value of approximately $43 billion were considered by us to be higher risk from a climate perspective. We considered the carbon intensity of the assets and products sold and where there could be a higher degree of management judgement and bias. This included considering the material financial statement impact of delivery risks from certain decarbonisation projects. For the assets that we assessed as most susceptible to climate change and energy transition risks, we performed sensitivity analyses and read management's climate scenario analysis to assess whether there were indicators of impairment. Further procedures performed to address the climate risks included: Alignment of statements made in Strategic Report and Sustainability Statements with the Consolidated Financial Statements ￮ in connection with our audit of the financial statements, we read the other information in the Annual Report and Accounts (as defined in section 9 below) and, in doing so, considered whether the other information, which includes Shell's climate targets, are materially consistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained from the audit; ￮ evaluated whether the effects of material climate risks, as disclosed within Less Emissions, within the Strategic report, had been appropriately reflected in asset values and associated financial statement disclosures, and the timing, nature and measurement of liabilities recognised are in accordance with IFRS, which is discussed further below in our response to the risk; ￮ read and assessed the completeness of management's disclosures in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. This includes auditing the sensitivity of the carrying values of Shell's Upstream and Integrated Gas PP&E assets to a range of future oil and gas price assumptions, reflecting reduced demand scenarios due to climate change and the energy transition. These scenarios include the IEA Net Zero Emissions (NZE) 2050 scenario. We also considered whether the downside sensitivity outcomes could have reduced Shell's distributable profits to a level that would render Shell's 2025 shareholder distributions to be with the Companies Act 2006. In addition, for Upstream, Integrated Gas and Chemicals and Products assets, we assessed sensitivity to IEA NZE 2050 carbon price scenario and Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) changes; and ￮ assessed the completeness of climate change litigation disclosures within Note 32 "Legal proceedings and other contingencies", by comparing the disclosures to our understanding of the claims and allegations and assessing them in line with the criteria for recognition and disclosures under IFRS. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 218 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 6. Our assessment of key audit matters continued The impact of climate change and the energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Our response to the risk continued The reflection of material climate change risks and the impact of Shell's targets and ambition in material judgements and estimates ￮ we tested management's internal controls over the identification and estimation of costs of the potential impacts associated with energy transition and climate change, and related financial statement disclosures in Note 4; ￮ inquired of Group Planning, Group Reporting, Shell's Carbon Strategy group, Safety, Environment, Asset Management group and, where necessary, individual asset managers, to understand and challenge management on how the following four transition and one physical risks of climate change were factored into Shell's financial statements; and ￮ assessed how management costed their targets in their Operating Plan and where reliance is placed on decarbonisation levers, with input from our climate change specialists, performed sensitivity analysis to assess whether a reasonable downside scenario would lead to a material impact on the financial statements. 1) The comparison of Shell's assumed future commodity price and sales volume assumptions to energy transition scenarios ￮ we engaged valuation specialists to assist us in assessing the reasonableness of Shell's short and commodity pricing assumptions. This included benchmarking Shell's assumptions against external independent forecasts; ￮ considered specifically the extent to which management's forecast price assumptions incorporated the potential impact of climate change and the energy transition by comparing against forecasts of the IEA; ￮ evaluated Shell's forecasted sales volume growth for oil products, liquified natural gas (LNG) and renewables against forecasted future energy demand projected by the IEA; and ￮ evaluated the reasonableness of Shell's refining and petrochemical margin assumptions, by comparing Shell's assumptions to external independent forecasts and ranges we developed through our own statistical analyses. 2) The reasonableness of Shell's forecast future carbon costs ￮ our procedures focused on assets with high scope 1 and 2 emissions that operate in jurisdictions with high carbon pricing. We engaged our climate change specialists to assist in evaluating Shell's carbon price methodology for certain jurisdictions, including how price and free allowance assumptions are applied in those jurisdictions. For those specific jurisdictions, we compared Shell's forecast carbon prices to those presented under the IEA NZE scenario; ￮ independently calculated Shell's forecast carbon cost included in their operating plan, based on carbon price, free allowance and exclusion assumptions; and ￮ performed sensitivity analysis on the carbon price and free allowance assumptions in the Operating Plan, to the independently determined outlooks identified by our climate change specialists, to determine whether deviations could be material to Shell's Operating Plan and respective assets. 3a) The carbon intensity of Shell's Chemicals and Products, Upstream and Integrated Gas assets and associated products; and 3b) The material financial statements risk associated with the delivery of decarbonisation projects of Shell's assets to meet their targets and ambition ￮ we considered the scope 1 and 2 and lifecycle emissions of the products sold by Shell's assets (net carbon intensity or NCI), to identify potential impairment triggers. For Shell's high carbon intensive assets, we considered the decarbonisation plans included in their Operating Plan. We assessed the planned decarbonisation strategies by verifying the associated costs included in the Operating Plan for projects related to carbon capture and storage (CCS), energy efficiency and renewables growth were included in the Operating Plan; ￮ assessed whether Shell's Operating Plan, included costs associated with Shell's plans to achieve their scope 1 and 2 emissions, scope 3 category 11 emissions relating to oil products and their net carbon intensity ('NCI') targets and ambition. We challenged management's ability to accurately forecast their scope 1 and 2 emissions assumptions included in the Operating Plan to meet their 2030 climate targets, through the performance of lookback analysis; ￮ performed sensitivity analysis by removing all decarbonisation projects at high carbon intensive assets to determine whether the incremental carbon cost that would be incurred on emissions would trigger an impairment. In addition, given the inherent risk of delays to decarbonisation projects, we performed scenario analysis by modelling delays to future decarbonisation projects and assessed the associated impact of incremental carbon tax and carbon credits costs; and ￮ during selected site visits, we performed inquiries with Shell's carbon capture storage leads, to understand the progress of ongoing and planned abatement projects. During these visits, we assessed the status of the project development, the process used to forecast expected carbon capture volumes, and how the actual performance to date compared with these forecasts. 4) The appropriateness of the remaining useful economic lives of assets and the risk of material stranded assets ￮ considering Shell's target to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, we assessed Upstream and Integrated Gas assets which are expected to be producing beyond 2050 and assessed if there was a risk of material stranded assets. We verified that the oil, gas and carbon price sensitivity disclosures in Note 4 reflected life of field assumptions; and ￮ for Chemicals and Products assets, we also considered if there is a risk of material stranded assets and a risk of material understatement of decommissioning and restoration provision in light of the energy transition, by assessing the future demand of oil products and chemicals to IEA and other market commentators. 5) Whether physical risk considerations have been incorporated into the asset plans ￮ we evaluated management's disclosures around physical risk in the Less Emissions section of the Annual Report to ensure compliance with the Task Force on Financial Disclosures; ￮ using our data analytics and climate change specialists, we performed a physical risk assessment that considered Shell's mitigation and adaptation measures for the assets that we viewed as being exposed to the highest physical risks, such as hurricanes, flooding, rising temperatures, drought and water dredging. For assets assessed to be high risk, we evaluated the mitigation and adaption measures, and ensured that where relevant, the costs have been appropriately reflected in the Operating Plan; and ￮ assessed whether the risk exposure represents an impairment trigger for the associated asset through consideration of the severity of the physical risk, likely time horizon, historical ability to manage physical risk and headroom of the asset. Our procedures were performed by the group engagement team. Key observations communicated to the Shell Audit and Risk Committee We reported to the Audit and Risk Committee the key procedures that we had performed and the results of those procedures, which are set out below: Alignment of statements made in Strategic Report and Sustainability Statements with the financial statements ￮ reported that we had not identified any material inconsistencies between Shell's disclosures in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which covers the material impacts of matters, and the disclosures included within the other information; ￮ communicated our observation that, where reliance was placed on purchasing carbon credits from the voluntary market to meet a future target, this has been reflected within the Operating Plan. With input from our specialists, we developed a reasonable downside carbon credit purchase price, which did not result in a materially different asset impairment conclusion from that of management; and ￮ reported that the various climate change litigations as detailed in Note 32 met the requirements of IAS 37. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 219 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 6. Our assessment of key audit matters continued The impact of climate change and the energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements continued Key observations communicated to the Shell Audit and Risk Committee continued The reflection of material climate change risks and the impact of Shell's targets and ambition in the critical accounting estimates and judgments 1) the comparison of Shell's assumed future commodity price and sales volume assumptions to energy transition scenarios ￮ reported that Shell's price assumptions were within an acceptable range when compared against forecasts, peer benchmarks and our independently determined ranges; ￮ we compared Shell's oil (Brent) and gas (Henry Hub) price assumptions to those in IEA's Current Policies Scenario (CPS) scenario, which reflects the impact of government's climate policies enacted to date and IEA's Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) which includes both enacted and formally announced policies that have clear implementation plans, but excludes aspirational targets. Both Shell's Brent and Henry Hub price assumptions are lower than IEA's CPS scenario and in line with IEA's STEPS scenario; ￮ IEA's Net Zero Emissions 2050 (NZE) scenario prices are lower than Shell's Brent and Henry Hub price assumptions and represent an aspirational target reflecting governmental, societal and regulatory responses to climate change risks that are still developing; however, as IFRS requires preparers to base the financial statements on current best estimates of future oil and gas prices, we concluded that Shell's assumptions were within a range of benchmarks that reflect the current best estimates of future oil and gas prices; ￮ reported that Shell's refining and chemical margin assumptions were in line with external independent forecasts and ranges; and ￮ compared the sales volume growth for LNG, oil products and renewables in Shell's Operating Plan to respective demand outlooks in the IEA report and noted these were not inconsistent with the trends reflected in the revised IEA outlooks. 2) the reasonableness of Shell's forecast future carbon costs ￮ concluded that Shell's carbon pricing methodology was appropriate. We also reported that, based on our benchmarking, Shell's forecasted carbon prices were materially in line with our independently determined ranges. For certain years, where Shell's country specific carbon prices were outside of our independently determine range, we reported that applying our range would not result in an impairment trigger for the relevant assets. 3a) the carbon intensity of Shell's Chemicals and Products, Upstream and Integrated Gas assets and associated products; and 3b) the material financial statements risk associated with the delivery of decarbonisation projects of Shell's assets to meet their targets and ambition ￮ for the assets we assessed as highly carbon intensive, where the associated decarbonisation projects carried higher delivery risk, we reported that the headroom each asset has, would withstand the incremental carbon costs that would be incurred if these decarbonisation projects were to be removed from Shell's Operating Plan. We also reported that the assumptions relating to these projects were appropriately reflected in the Operating Plan; We reported the result of our scenario analysis modelling a delay to future decarbonisation projects and concluded the associated, incremental carbon costs arising in this scenario would not result in an incremental, material asset impairment. 4) the appropriateness of the remaining economic lives of assets and the risk of material stranded assets ￮ reported that, given Shell's targets and ambition, there may be a higher risk of reserves not ultimately being produced where assets are carbon intensive or where assets are forecast to be producing beyond 2050. We analysed Shell's Integrated Gas and Upstream assets to identify such assets. We then considered if there was evidence to indicate that net book value of these assets were overstated and would be regarded as "stranded assets". Of the SEC proved reserves currently recognised at the end of 2025, 55% are expected to remain by 2030, 8% by 2040 and only 1% would remain beyond 2050. As the impacted assets are mainly depreciated over SEC proved reserves, the current carrying amount of these assets will be substantially depreciated by 2050. At the balance sheet date, there was no indicator that these reserves should be derecognised; and ￮ reported that, based on the depreciation profile of Shell's refineries, that there was a low risk of stranded assets. Also, we concluded there was a low risk of Shell's chemicals manufacturing plants being stranded as chemical demand is expected to be resilient to energy transition, as highlighted by the IEA and other market commentators. 5) whether physical risk considerations have been incorporated into the asset plans ￮ for the assets that we assessed as susceptible to higher physical risk, we reported that mitigation and adaptation plans and associated costs were reflected in the Operating Plan, other than where it had been demonstrated that assets were expected to withstand the physical events, for example severe weather events, or where insurance was in place. Also, we reported that, with the assistance of our climate change specialists, we had a physical risk assessment over Shell's assets and had not identified material new physical risks that had not been considered by Shell. The risks included extreme weather, flooding, higher temperatures, drought and water dredging. Other observations ￮ with regards to the sensitivity analyses provided by Shell in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including commodity prices, carbon prices, refining and chemical margins and the WACC, we were satisfied that the descriptions of the sensitivities reflected the sensitivities required to be performed. Also, the prices and assumptions applied by Shell in their calculations were agreed to the scenarios as described. We reperformed the sensitivities and did not identify a material difference to the ranges disclosed by Shell in Note 4; and ￮ reported that we had considered Shell's dividend resilience statement in Note 4. Had Shell applied the IEA Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario and had this impairment of $20-26 billion directly reduced the carrying value of investments within the Parent Company, Shell plc, this would not have impacted the distributable reserves available to Shell from which to pay dividends and buyback shares in 2025. This is on the basis that Shell plc had a merger reserve of $234 billion and under Companies Act 2006, the adverse impact from an impairment would be on the merger reserve as opposed to distributable reserves. We report that the impact of climate change and energy transition has been appropriately considered in Shell's financial statements and related disclosures, and we did not identify any material inconsistencies between Shell's targets and ambition and Shell's material judgement and estimates in the financial statements. See the "Audit and Risk Committee Report" on page 167 for details on how the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed climate change and energy transition. See "Our strategy" on pages 9-11 and "Shell and the energy transition" on pages 73-86 for more details. Also, see Notes 2,4,12,13 and 32 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements". Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 220 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 6. Our assessment of key audit matters continued Impairment assessment of Property, plant & equipment (PP&E) and Joint ventures and associates (JVAs) Description of the key audit matter This is a estimate. The risk is that potential impairments are not identified on a timely basis, including whether the impacts of climate change and the energy transition have been considered in Shell's impairment indicators assessments (see climate change and the energy transition key audit matter). As described in Notes 12 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, at December 31, 2025 Shell recognised $100.6 billion of production assets, $51.5 billion of manufacturing, supply and distribution assets (collectively, PP&E), and $27.8 billion of net assets in JVAs. As disclosed in Notes 13 and 14, in 2025, Shell recognised $0.9 billion, $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion of impairment losses relating to exploration and production assets, manufacturing, supply and distribution assets and JVAs, respectively. Impairments for PP&E and JVAs are primarily driven by changes in certain subjective assumptions, which would ultimately be used to determine the respective asset's recoverable amount. This subjectivity increases the risk of indicators of impairment or impairment reversal not being identified on a timely basis. Our audit effort focused on the timely identification of indicators of impairment or impairment reversals by management. As described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, to determine whether impairment of assets has occurred, and the extent of any impairment loss or its reversal, assumptions used by management in estimating future cash flows for value in use measures, include: ￮ future oil and gas prices, in particular over the term, which are more uncertain than short term forecasts (commodity price assumptions); ￮ future product margins, particularly refining and chemical margins (commodity price assumptions); ￮ expected production volumes (oil and gas reserves); and ￮ the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Auditing management's indicators of impairment assessments for PP&E and JVAs required extensive audit effort and complex auditor judgment, because of the sensitivity of the assessments to the assumptions and because the assumptions are and require estimation, which can be affected by future economic and market conditions and are increasingly uncertain because of matters related to climate change and the energy transition. Our response to the risk We obtained an understanding. evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over Shell's asset impairment process. For example, we evaluated the design and tested the controls over management's determination of future oil and gas prices and refining and chemical margins. To test management's indicators of impairment assessments, we have identified those assumptions most sensitive to change, where such change could result in indicators of impairment that would generate material impairments or impairment reversals. Our procedures included, amongst others: Commodity price assumptions ￮ we have included observations on oil and gas prices in our key audit matter above on climate (The impact of climate change and the energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements); and ￮ together with our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of Shell's refining and chemical margin assumptions, by comparing these to external independent forecasts and ranges we developed through our own statistical analyses. Oil and gas reserves ￮ we assessed Shell's reserves and resources estimation methods and policies against relevant regulator and other technical guidelines and assessed how these methods and policies had been applied to those assets we selected for testing; ￮ we evaluated the professional qualifications and objectivity of management's internal reservoir engineers, who are responsible for the preparation and then review and approval of the reserve estimates and attended Shell's Upstream Reserves Committee meetings to observe the internal review and endorsement process; ￮ we compared the production volumes related forecasts used in the impairment indicators assessments, with management's approved reserves and resources estimates; ￮ we performed analyses to assess the accuracy of management's historical estimated production volumes versus actual production volumes; and ￮ our most experienced oil and gas team members, which included a reservoir engineer, assessed whether significant additions to, or reductions in, reserves were recorded in the appropriate period, and properly reflected in accordance with Shell's policies and principles. Weighted average cost of capital (WACC) ￮ we involved our valuations specialists to independently calculate our own range for Shell's WACC and compared this to Shell's calculation. The audit procedures were performed primarily by our group engagement team as well as our local audit teams in Australia, UK and USA. Key observations communicated to the Shell Audit and Risk Committee We reported to the Audit and Risk Committee the key procedures that we had performed and the results of those procedures, which are set out below: Commodity price assumptions ￮ See the key audit matter (The impact of climate change and the energy transition on the Consolidated Financial Statements). ￮ Shell's refining and petrochemical margin assumptions were within EY's estimated reasonable range. Oil and gas reserves ￮ The inputs and assumptions used to estimate proved reserves and resources are consistent with Shell's policies and principles. ￮ We are satisfied that there were no changes to the expected production volumes that would trigger an impairment assessment. ￮ There are no indications that the recognition of the reserve volumes beyond 2050, results in an impairment indicator. WACC ￮ Shell used a WACC of 7.5% (2024: 7.5%) in the impairment indicator assessments performed during the year, other than for the Power business, where a WACC of 6% (2024: 6%) was used. Shell's methodology used in estimating the groupwide WACC was consistent with the requirements set out in IAS 36. We also reported that the groupwide WACC is within our acceptable range and, whilst Shell's rate for the Power business was marginally below our estimated range, we were satisfied the difference was immaterial. See the Audit and Risk Committee Report on pages 167-175 for details on how the Audit and Risk Committee considered impairments. Also, see Notes 2, 4,12,13 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 221 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 6. Our assessment of key audit matters continued Valuation of certain commodity derivatives, as well as the risk of rogue trading, within the Gas & Power portfolio of the Trading & Supply (T&S) function Description of the key audit matter The fair value assessment of certain commodity derivatives, which use more than an insignificant proportion of unobservable inputs, requires management to apply judgement over their valuation. Additionally, there is a higher inherent risk of rogue trading associated to certain of Shell's wider portfolio of derivatives. As described in Note 8 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, for the year ended December 31, 2025, Shell recognised $9.5 billion of revenue related to fair value accounting of commodity derivatives. As set out in Note 26, these commodity derivatives also represented fair value assets and liabilities of $8.8 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively. As set out in Note 2, the fair values of certain commodity derivatives cannot be derived in their entirety from quoted market prices or other observable inputs and instead, are determined using valuation techniques that estimate assumptions relevant to the asset or liability, using more than an insignificant proportion of unobservable inputs. For such contracts, where publicly available information is not available, fair value estimations made by management, were generally determined using models and other valuation methods. Auditing the fair value accounting for the commodity derivatives required extensive audit effort and complex auditor judgement, to assess the reasonableness of the unobservable inputs used by management in their valuations particularly as it pertains to the future prices, volumes and volatility assumptions. In addition, there is a risk of material misstatement arising from rogue trading activity, in relation to certain (OTC) derivatives traded by Shell. This risk arises, because of, among other reasons, trader incentives, the bespoke nature of OTC derivatives, manual nature of certain counterparty confirmation procedures for OTC derivatives and the high volume of transactions that Shell executes. Our response to the risk To respond to the risk of inappropriate valuation of certain commodity derivatives, valued using more than an insignificant proportion of unobservable inputs, we: ￮ obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of Shell's controls for determining the fair value of commodity derivatives, where the valuation used more than an insignificant proportion of unobservable inputs. For example, we tested controls over the review of pricing curves and the determination of volumes and volatility assumptions; ￮ obtained an understanding of the commercial rationale of trades by analysing transaction documents and agreements, and through inquiries of management; and ￮ involved EY valuation specialists to assist us, in assessing the reasonableness of Shell's valuation methodology against market practice, analysing whether a consistent framework was applied across the portfolio of such commodity derivatives and testing management's future prices, volumes and volatility assumptions against our own independent assessments. To respond to the risk of rogue trading activity in relation to certain OTC derivatives traded by Shell, we: ￮ obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of Shell's controls for mitigating the risk of rogue trading. This included controls over trade confirmations as well as the review of forward pricing curves; ￮ performed external confirmation procedures to assess the existence and completeness of a sample of recorded OTC forward positions. Our tests included, amongst other procedures, requesting a sample of Shell's counterparties to confirm their entire position with Shell and requesting a sample of other counterparties, to provide details of individual OTC trades; ￮ analysed material sheet date OTC trade entries and cash receipts/disbursements to assess the completeness of the associated OTC derivative recorded as of the balance sheet date; ￮ performed testing of a sample of OTC trades that were unconfirmed or excluded from management's own confirmation process at the balance sheet date. We obtained evidence of the trade's existence at the or validated their exclusion, respectively, for a sample of OTC trades; and ￮ benchmarked a sample of future commodity prices used by management to fair value certain OTC positions against sources. The audit procedures were performed principally by the group engagement team and the UK and US component teams. Key observations communicated to the Shell Audit and Risk Committee We reported to the Audit and Risk Committee the key procedures that we had performed and the results of those procedures, which are set out below: ￮ the valuation of certain commodity derivatives, which are valued using more than an insignificant proportion of unobservable inputs were materially correct and the related unrealised gains and losses have been recorded appropriately in the consolidated financial statements; and ￮ our procedures did not identify rogue trading activity. See the "Audit and Risk Committee Report" on pages 167-175 for details on how the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the Trading and Supply's control framework. Also see Note 26 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements". Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 222 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 7. Our application of materiality We apply the concept of materiality both in planning and performing the audit and in evaluating the effect of identified misstatements on our audit and in forming our audit opinion. Overall materiality What we mean We define materiality as the magnitude of an omission or misstatement that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of the users of the financial statements. Materiality provides a basis for determining the nature and extent of our procedures. Determination Group materiality We set our preliminary overall materiality for Shell's Consolidated Financial Statements at $1.7 billion (2024: $2.0 billion). We kept this under review throughout the year and reassessed the appropriateness of our original assessment in the light of Shell's results and external market conditions. We did not find it necessary to revise our level of overall materiality. Parent Company materiality We determined materiality for the Parent Company to be $1.7 billion (2024: $2.0 billion), which is 0.6% of equity (2024: 0.8%). We concluded that equity remains an appropriate basis to determine materiality for an investment holding company. The range we normally apply when determining materiality on an equity measurement basis is 1- 2%. We applied a lower percentage to align the materiality of the Parent Company with that of the Group. Our basis of determining materiality Our assessment of overall materiality that we applied throughout the year was $1.7 billion, which represented 4.6% (2024: 4.3%) of the normalised Adjusted Earnings on a basis (see table below). Our approach is the same as that applied in 2024. Where we measure materiality on a earnings basis, we normally apply 5% of the measure. Applying this to the normalised Adjusted earnings would indicate materiality of $1.85 billion. In deciding on an appropriate planning materiality to apply in the Shell audit, we judgementally selected $1.7 billion which is lower compared to our planning materiality applied in our 2024 audit and reflective of the actual results in 2025. Our materiality was derived from an average of Shell's earnings for 2023-2025, including an initial estimate of the 2025 result, on an Adjusted Earnings basis, which we then adjusted for an average effective tax rate. At the end of the year, we reassessed materiality based on the actual results for 2025. As disclosed within the measures reconciliations within 'Additional Information', the Adjusted Earnings measure aims to facilitate a comparative understanding of Shell's financial performance from period to period by removing the effects of oil price changes on inventory carrying amounts and removing the effects of gains and charges disclosed as identified items. Shell's identified items are disclosed within 'Additional Information', measures reconciliations, in the section 'Identified items'. Our key criterion in determining materiality remains our perception of the needs of Shell's stakeholders. We consider which earnings, activity or measure aligns best with their expectations. In so doing, we apply a 'reasonable investor perspective', which reflects our understanding of the common financial information needs of the members of Shell as a group. In our view these needs are best met by basing materiality on normalised Adjusted Earnings on a basis. Through applying a normalised earnings approach, large swings in materiality are minimised. These swings would be driven primarily by commodity price fluctuations rather than specific structural changes to Shell's business. In addition, an Adjusted Earnings approach is consistent with the presentation of Shell's segment earnings, which is the earnings measure used by the Chief Executive Officer for the purposes of making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance. The Adjusted Earnings were as follows: $ billion 2025 2024 2023 Adjusted Earnings* 18.5 23.7 28.2 Tax impact based on the effective tax rate 12.1 15.0 13.7 Adjusted Earnings on a basis 30.6 38.7 41.9 Materiality percentage on the average Adjusted Earnings - 2023-2025 4.6 % 4.3 % 4.7 % * measure. See page 430. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 223 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 7. Our application of materiality continued Performance materiality What we mean Having established overall materiality, we determined 'performance materiality', which represents our tolerance for misstatement in an individual account or balance. It is calculated as a percentage of overall materiality in order to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected misstatements exceed overall materiality of $1.7 billion for Shell's financial statements as a whole. We assigned performance materiality to our various in- scope operating units. The performance materiality allocation is dependent on the size of the operating unit, measured by its contribution of earnings to Shell, or other appropriate metric, and the risk associated with the operating unit. Determination In our assessment for 2025, we considered the nature, number and impact of the audit differences identified in 2024 and the Group's overall control environment. Based on our assessment of these factors, our judgement was that performance materiality for the 2025 audit should be 75% (2024: 75%) of our overall materiality or $1.275 billion (2024: $1.5 billion). We determined that the same performance materiality level applies for the Parent Company. The level of materiality that we applied in undertaking our audit work at the operating unit level, for the purpose of responding to the assessed risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, was determined by applying a percentage of our total performance materiality. This percentage is based on the relative scale and risk of the operating unit to Shell as a whole and our assessment of the risk of material misstatement at that operating unit. In 2025 the range of materiality applied at the operating unit level was $190 million to $820 million (2024: $220 million to $970 million). The performance materiality was kept under ongoing review, but the conclusion remained unchanged at our of materiality and performance materiality. Audit difference reporting threshold What we mean This is the amount below which identified misstatements are clearly trivial. The threshold is the level above which we collate and report audit differences to the Audit and Risk Committee. We also report differences below that threshold that, in our view, warrant reporting on qualitative grounds. We evaluate any uncorrected misstatements against both the quantitative measures of materiality discussed above and in the light of other relevant qualitative considerations in forming our opinion. Determination We agreed with the Audit and Risk Committee that we would report to the Committee all audit differences more than $85 million (2024: $100 million), as well as differences below that threshold that, in our view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. This represents 5% of our planning materiality (2024: 5%). Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 224 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 8. Our scope of the audit of Shell's financial statements What we mean We are required to establish an overall audit strategy that sets the scope, timing, and direction of our audit. Audit scope comprises the physical locations, operating units, activities, and processes to be audited that, in aggregate, provide us with sufficient appropriate audit evidence on which to base our audit opinion. Our audit scoping reflects the requirements of ISA (UK) 600 (Revised). We have followed a approach when developing our audit approach to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence on which to base our audit opinion. We performed risk assessment procedures, with input from our component auditors, to identify and assess risks of material misstatement of the Group financial statements and identified significant accounts and disclosures. Criteria for determining our audit scope and selection of operating units Our assessment of audit risk, our evaluation of materiality and our allocation of performance materiality determined our audit scope for each operating unit within Shell which, when taken together, enabled us to form an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. Our audit effort was focused towards higher risk areas, such as management judgements and on operating units that we considered significant based upon size, complexity or risk. We assessed our 2025 audit scope following the completion of our 2024 audit. We identified those Areas of Operation (AoOs or operating units) that were significant by virtue of their contribution to Shell's results or significant by virtue of their associated risk or complexity. In identifying the AoOs where we would perform audit procedures, we considered our understanding of Shell and its operating environment, the potential impact of climate change on the AoO, the Group's system of internal control at the entity level, centralised processes and IT applications. We also considered the history or expectation of unusual or complex transactions, potential for material misstatements, the previous effectiveness of controls, our fraud assessment and internal audit findings. We then considered the adequacy of account coverage and remaining audit risk of AoOs not directly covered by audit procedures. Finally, we assessed the appropriateness of our audit scope by comparing to the prior year; ensured that there was sufficient unpredictability in our scope and made the necessary changes where appropriate. We applied our Risk Scan analytics techniques, which consolidate internal and external data to inform us on higher risk components to be included in scope. This allowed us to risk rate the Group's operating units. We identified 90 operating units where we believed that it was appropriate to carry out targeted testing. By following this approach, our audit effort focused on higher risk areas, such as management judgements. Our group wide procedures enabled us to obtain audit evidence over the AoOs that were not full, specific or specified procedure scope. We did not make substantial changes to our 2024 assessment of the components where we performed audit procedures. We determined that certain centralised audit procedures could be performed in the following audit areas: the impact of climate change and the energy transition; impairment assessment of property plant and equipment (PP&E) and joint ventures and associates (JVAs); and valuation of certain commodity derivatives, as a well as risk of rogue trading, within the Gas & Power portfolio of the T&S function. We identified 90 components as individually relevant to the Group due to significant risk or an area of higher assessed risk of material misstatement of the Group financial statements being associated with the components. For those individually relevant components, we identified the significant accounts where audit work was required to be performed at these components by applying professional judgement. This was done having considered the significant accounts on which centralised procedures will be performed, the reasons for identifying the financial reporting component as an individually relevant component and the size of the component's account balance relative to the group significant financial statement account balance. We considered whether the remaining group significant account balances not yet subject to audit procedures, in aggregate, could give rise to a risk of material misstatement of the Group financial statements. No additional components of the group were included in our audit scope to address these risks. Having identified the components for which work will be performed, we determined the scope to assign to each component. Our scoping to address the risk of material misstatement for each key audit matter is set out in the Key audit matters section of our report. We kept our audit scope under review throughout the year to reflect changes in Shell's underlying business and risks; however, no significant changes were required. The table below illustrates the scope of work performed by our audit teams: Operating units 2024 2024 No. of countries Basis of inclusion Extent of procedures Full scope 7 7 6 Size and significant risk Complete financial information Specific scope 42 49 10 Significant risk or higher risk estimates Individual account balances Specified procedures1 41 31 19 Other risk factors Individual account balances Other procedures 848 893 101 Residual risk of error Supplementary audit procedures2 Total 938 980 1 These procedures were performed by components and at the group level, to address specified risks of the audit or for audit coverage purposes. 2 We performed supplementary audit procedures in relation to Shell's centralised group accounting and reporting processes. These included, but were not limited to, addressing the implications of significant and complex accounting matters across all operating units, procedures over revenue to cash process analytics, review of impairment or impairment reversal indicators by segments, procedures over the forecasts as they relate to deferred tax asset recoverability and review of pension scheme assumptions, procedures over unusual accounting transactions including trading valuations, acquisitions, divestments and redundancies, addressing the appropriate elimination of intercompany balances and the completeness of provisions for litigation and other claims, including those related to with laws and regulations. We performed testing of both manual and consolidation journal entries throughout the year, homogenous processes, and controls at the Business Service Centres (BSCs) and testing of group wide IT systems. We performed a disaggregated analytical review on each financial statement line item and also tested Shell's analytical procedures performed at a group, segment and function level. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 225 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 8. Our scope of the audit of Shell's financial statements continued Group evaluation, review and oversight of component teams The group engagement partner and Senior Statutory Auditor, David , has overall responsibility for the direction, supervision and performance of the Shell audit engagement in compliance with professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. He is supported by segment and function partners and, who together with related staff comprise the integrated group engagement team. This group engagement team established the overall group audit strategy, communicated with component auditors, performed work on the consolidation process, and evaluated the conclusions drawn from the audit evidence as the basis for forming EY's opinion on the group financial statements. The group engagement team is responsible for directing, supervising, evaluating and reviewing the work of EY global network firms operating under its instruction (local EY teams) to assess whether: ￮ the local EY audit team had the appropriate level of experience; ￮ the work was performed and documented to a sufficiently high standard; ￮ the local EY audit team demonstrated that they had challenged management sufficiently and had executed their audit procedures with an appropriate level of scepticism; and ￮ there is sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support the conclusions reached. Members of the group engagement team provide direct oversight, review, and coordination of our BSC audit teams. Our BSC audit teams performed centralised testing in the BSCs for certain accounts, including revenue, cash and payroll. In establishing our overall approach to the group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be undertaken at each of the operating units or BSCs by the group engagement team or by auditors from other local EY teams. For the operating units where the work was performed by local EY auditors, we determined the appropriate level of involvement of the group engagement team to enable us to conclude that sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained, as a basis for our opinion on the Group as a whole. The group engagement team provided detailed instructions to our component teams to drive the audit strategy and execution in a coordinated manner. Group audit partners physically visited Brazil, India, Malaysia, Philippines, Argentina, Poland and the USA, covering operating units, functions and BSCs. The Senior Statutory Auditor physically visited India, Poland and the USA. During our visits, we exercised direction, supervision, oversight and review of our overseas EY audit teams. We were satisfied that we have had adequate involvement in their work and that we exercised sufficient and appropriate direction to the component teams. The group engagement team interacted regularly with the component teams where appropriate during various stages of the audit, reviewed relevant working papers, as well as holding formal closing meetings and were responsible for the scope and direction of the audit process. Where relevant, the section on key audit matters details the level of involvement we had with component auditors to enable us to determine that sufficient audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the Group as a whole. This, together with the additional procedures performed at Group level, gave us sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for our opinion on the Group financial statements. 9. Other information The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report including the Introduction, Strategic Report, Governance, Supplementary Information – oil and gas (unaudited), Sustainability Statements and Additional Information sections, other than the consolidated financial statements and parent company financial statements and our auditor's reports thereon. The Directors are responsible for the other information contained within the Annual Report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance or conclusion thereon. Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 10. Opinions on Other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006 In our opinion, the part of the directors' remuneration report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit: ￮ the information given in the strategic report and the directors' report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and ￮ the strategic report and the directors' report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 226 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 11. Matters on which we are required to report by exception In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Parent Company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors' report. We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: ￮ adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or ￮ the Parent Company financial statements and the part of the Directors' Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or ￮ certain disclosures of directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or ￮ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit. 12. Corporate Governance Statement We have reviewed the directors' statement in relation to going concern, viability and that part of the Corporate Governance Statement relating to the group and company's compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified for our review by the UK Listing Rules. Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the audit: ￮ Directors' statement with regards to the appropriateness of adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any material uncertainties identified set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section; ￮ Directors' explanation as to its assessment of the company's prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the period is appropriate set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section; ￮ Director's statement on whether it has a reasonable expectation that the group will be able to continue in operation and meets its liabilities set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section; ￮ Directors' statement on fair, balanced and understandable set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section; ￮ Board's confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section; ￮ The section of the annual report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section; and ￮ The section describing the work of the audit and risk committee set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section. 13. Responsibilities of the Directors' As explained more fully in the statement of Directors' responsibilities set out in the "Other regulatory and statutory information" section, the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 14. Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 15. Explanation as to what extent our audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity and management. Our approach was as follows: ￮ we obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the Group and determined that the most significant are those that relate to the reporting framework (UK adopted international accounting standards, IFRS as issued by the IASB, Companies Act 2006, the UK Corporate Governance Code, the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority) and the relevant tax compliance regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. In addition, we concluded that there are certain significant laws and regulations that may have an effect on the determination of the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and those laws and regulations relating to health and safety, employee matters, environmental, and bribery and corruption practices. Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 227 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 15. Explanation as to what extent our audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud continued ￮ we understood how Shell is complying with those frameworks by making enquiries of management, internal audit, and those responsible for legal and compliance procedures. We corroborated our enquiries through our review of Board minutes and correspondence received from regulatory bodies and noted that there was no contradictory evidence. ￮ we assessed the susceptibility of Shell's financial statements to material misstatement, including how fraud might occur. We involved our forensic specialists to assess the Group's overall Fraud Risk Management framework and deploy a tool which helps analyse electronic documents used as audit evidence, to identify characteristics of documents that can be indicators of alteration or inauthenticity. In addition, we utilised internal and external information to perform a fraud risk assessment for each of the countries of operation. We considered the risk of fraud through management override and, in response, we incorporated data analytics across manual journal entries into our audit approach. Where deemed appropriate we have substantially tested third party vendors transactions in jurisdictions. We utilised a suite of digital tools in our assessment of fraud and management override including the aforementioned document authenticity tool. ￮ based on the results of our risk assessment we designed our audit procedures to identify with such laws and regulations identified above. Our procedures involved journal entry testing, with a focus on journals meeting our defined risk criteria based on our understanding of the business; enquiries of legal counsel, group management, internal audit and all full and specific scope management; review of the volume and nature of complaints received by the whistleblowing hotline during the year; review of internal audit reports issued during the year; review of news releases published by external parties. ￮ if instances of with laws and regulations were identified, these were communicated to the group engagement team and the relevant local EY teams who performed sufficient and appropriate audit procedures, supplemented by audit procedures performed at the group level. A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council's website at frc.org.uk/auditors responsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report. 16. Other matters we are required to address Following the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee, we were by the Group during Shell plc's Annual General Meeting (AGM) on May 20, 2025, as auditors of Shell to hold office until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company, and signed an engagement letter and addendums to the engagement signed on January 17, 2024, July, 30 2024 and 28 June 2025, respectively. Our total uninterrupted period of engagement is ten years covering periods from our appointment through to the period ended December 31, 2025. Our audit opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit and Risk Committee explaining the results of our audit. 17. Use of our report This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. /s/ David (Senior Statutory Auditor) David Canning - Jones Senior Statutory Auditor for and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor London March 11, 2026 Financial Statements and Supplements | Independent Auditor's Report to the members of Shell plc continued 228 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements 230 Consolidated Statement of Income 230 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 231 Consolidated Balance Sheet 232 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 233 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 234 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 234 Note 1 Basis of preparation 234 Note 2 Material accounting policies, judgements and estimates 244 Note 3 Changes to IFRS not yet adopted 244 Note 4 Climate change and energy transition 256 Note 5 Emission schemes and related environmental programmes 258 Note 6 Capital management 259 Note 7 Segment information 267 Note 8 Revenue 268 Note 9 Interest and other income 268 Note 10 Interest expense 268 Note 11 Goodwill and other intangible assets 269 Note 12 Property, plant and equipment 271 Note 13 Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets 274 Note 14 Joint ventures and associates 275 Note 15 Investments in securities 275 Note 16 Trade and other receivables 276 Note 17 Inventories 276 Note 18 Cash and cash equivalents 277 Note 19 Assets held for sale 277 Note 20 Trade and other payables 278 Note 21 Debt 280 Note 22 Leases 281 Note 23 Taxation 284 Note 24 Retirement benefits 291 Note 25 Decommissioning and other provisions 292 Note 26 Financial instruments 299 Note 27 Share capital 299 Note 28 compensation plans and shares held in trust 300 Note 29 Other reserves 302 Note 30 Dividends 302 Note 31 Earnings per share 302 Note 32 Legal proceedings and other contingencies 305 Note 33 Employees 305 Note 34 Directors and Senior Management 306 Note 35 Auditor's remuneration 306 Note 36 sheet events Financial Statements and Supplements 229 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ million Notes 2025 2024 2023 Revenue 8 266,886 284,312 316,620 Share of profit of joint ventures and associates 14 1,618 2,993 3,725 Interest and other income 9 5,227 1,724 2,838 Total revenue and other income 273,731 289,029 323,183 Purchases 177,194 188,120 212,883 Production and manufacturing expenses 7 21,898 23,379 25,240 Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 7 12,607 12,439 13,433 Research and development 7 1,170 1,099 1,287 Exploration 7 1,136 2,411 1,750 Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 7 25,299 26,872 31,290 Interest expense 10 4,671 4,787 4,673 Total expenditure 243,975 259,107 290,556 Income before taxation 29,756 29,922 32,627 Taxation charge 23 11,637 13,401 12,991 Income for the period 7 18,119 16,521 19,636 Income attributable to interest 282 427 277 Income attributable to Shell plc shareholders 17,837 16,094 19,359 Basic earnings per share ($) 31 3.03 2.55 2.88 Diluted earnings per share ($) 31 3.00 2.53 2.85 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ million Notes 2025 2024 2023 Income for the period 7 18,119 16,521 19,636 Other comprehensive income/(loss) net of tax Items that may be reclassified to income in later periods: Currency translation differences 29 5,917 (3,248) 1,397 Debt instruments remeasurements 29 24 5 41 Cash flow hedging (losses)/gains 29 (199) 216 71 Net investment hedging gains/(losses) 29 16 — (44) Deferred cost of hedging 29 (32) (73) (148) Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of joint ventures and associates 14 165 (118) 18 Total 5,891 (3,218) 1,335 Items that are not reclassified to income in later periods: Retirement benefits remeasurements 29 (4,156) 1,407 (1,083) Equity instruments remeasurements 29 (41) 28 (99) Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of joint ventures and associates 14 (34) 47 (201) Total (4,231) 1,482 (1,383) Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period 1,660 (1,736) (48) Comprehensive income for the period 19,779 14,785 19,588 Comprehensive income attributable to interest 475 406 312 Comprehensive income attributable to Shell plc shareholders 19,304 14,379 19,276 Financial Statements and Supplements | Consolidated Financial Statements continued 230 Shell Annual Report and Accounts 2025 Consolidated Balance Sheet as at December 31, 2025 $ million Notes Dec 31, 2025 Dec 31, 2024 Assets assets Goodwill 11 15,662 16,032 Other intangible assets 11 11,010 9,480 Property, plant and equipment 12 185,077 185,219 Joint ventures and associates 14 27,775 23,445 Investments in securities 15 1,557 2,255 Deferred tax 23 8,173 6,857 Retirement benefits 24 5,052 10,003 Trade and other receivables 16 8,252 6,018 Derivative financial instruments 26 619 374 263,177 259,683 Current assets Inventories 17 22,216 23,426 Trade and other receivables 16 44,597 45,860 Derivative financial instruments 26 9,114 9,673 Cash and cash equivalents 18 30,216 39,110 106,143 118,069 Assets classified as held for sale 19 1,030 9,857 107,173 127,926 Total assets 370,350 387,609 Liabilities liabilities Debt 21 66,515 65,448 Trade and other payables 20 4,463 3,290 Derivative financial instruments 26 1,108 2,185 Deferred tax 23 11,983 13,505 R

[truncated]