/nobreakspace/nobreakspace
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
FORM 20-F
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
(Mark One)
☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934
OR
/nobreakspace
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended 31 December 2025
OR
/nobreakspace
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934
OR
/nobreakspace
☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934
Date of event requiring this shell company report _________
Commission File No.: 001-37911
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
N/A
(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)
Belgium
(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
Brouwerijplein 1,
3000 Leuven, Belgium
(Address of principal executive offices)
John Blood
Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Company Secretary
Brouwerijplein 1,
3000 Leuven, Belgium
Telephone No.: + 32 16 276 888
Email: Corporategovernance@ab-inbev.com
(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.
/nobreakspace
Title of each class  
Trading
symbol  
Name of each exchange
on which registered
Ordinary shares without nominal value   New York Stock Exchange*
American Depositary Shares, each representing
one ordinary share without nominal value  
BUD
 
New York Stock Exchange
3.750% Notes due 2042 (issued July 2012)  BUD42A  New York Stock Exchange
4.000% Notes due 2043 (issued January 2013)  BUD/43  New York Stock Exchange
4.625% Notes due 2044 (issued January 2014)  BUD/44  New York Stock Exchange
4.700% Notes due 2036 (issued January 2016)  BUD/36  New York Stock Exchange
4.900% Notes due 2046 (issued January 2016)  BUD/46  New York Stock Exchange
4.950% Notes due 2042 (issued December 2016)  BUD/42  New York Stock Exchange
6.625% Notes due 2033 (issued December 2016)  BUD/33  New York Stock Exchange
5.875% Notes due 2035 (issued December 2016)  BUD/35  New York Stock Exchange
4.375% Notes due 2038 (issued April 2018)  BUD/38  New York Stock Exchange
4.600% Notes due 2048 (issued April 2018)  BUD/48A  New York Stock Exchange
4.750% Notes due 2058 (issued April 2018)  BUD/58  New York Stock Exchange
4.750% Notes due 2029 (issued January 2019)  BUD/29  New York Stock Exchange
4.900% Notes due 2031 (issued January 2019)  BUD/31  New York Stock Exchange
5.450% Notes due 2039 (issued January 2019)  BUD/39A  New York Stock Exchange
5.550% Notes due 2049 (issued January 2019)  BUD/49  New York Stock Exchange
5.800% Notes due 2059 (issued January 2019)  BUD/59  New York Stock Exchange
3.500% Notes due 2030 (issued April 2020)  BUD/30  New York Stock Exchange
4.350% Notes due 2040 (issued April 2020)  BUD/40  New York Stock Exchange
4.500% Notes due 2050 (issued April 2020)  BUD/50  New York Stock Exchange
4.600% Notes due 2060 (issued April 2020)  BUD/60  New York Stock Exchange
5.000% Notes due 2034 (issued March 2024)  BUD/34  New York Stock Exchange
/nobreakspace
* Not for trading, but in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares, pursuant to the requirements of the Se curities and
Exchange Commission.
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act.
None
(Title of Class)
Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act.
None
(Title of Class)
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the
annual report.
1,797,199,994 ordinary shares without nominal value
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ☒ Yes ☐ No
If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ☐ Yes ☒ No
Note – Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). ☒ Yes ☐ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth
company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one):
/nobreakspace
Large accelerated filer  ☒   Accelerated filer ☐  Non-accelerated filer  ☐
     Emerging growth company  ☐
If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its
Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 762(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:
/nobreakspace
U.S. GAAP ☐
 
  International Financial Reporting Standards as issued
  by the International Accounting Standards Board  ☒     
Other ☐
If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has
elected to follow. N/A ☐ Item 17 ☐ Item 18
If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
☐ Yes ☒ No
(APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. N/A ☐ Yes ☐ No
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace/nobreakspace
TABLE OF CONTENTS
/nobreakspace
    Page 
GENERAL INFORMATION    i 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA    i 
PRESENTATION OF MARKET INFORMATION    ii 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    ii 
ITEM 1.  IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS    1 
A.  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT    1 
B.  ADVISERS    1 
C.  AUDITORS    1 
ITEM 2.  OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE    1 
A.  OFFER STATISTICS    1 
B.  METHOD AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE    1 
ITEM 3.  KEY INFORMATION    1 
A.  [RESERVED]    1 
B.  CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS    1 
C.  REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS    1 
D.  RISK FACTORS    1 
ITEM 4.  INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY    30 
A.  HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY    30 
B.  BUSINESS OVERVIEW    32 
C.  ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE    65 
D.  PROPERTY , PLANTS AND EQUIPMENT    65 
ITEM 4A.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    65 
ITEM 5.  OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW    65 
A.  KEY FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    66 
B.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    72 
C.  BUSINESS SEGMENTS    78 
D.  EQUITY INVESTMENTS    78 
E.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    78 
F.  IMPACT OF CHANGES IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES    94 
G.  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND CONTINGENCIES    95 
H.  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    97 
ITEM 6.  DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES    110 
A.  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT    110 
B.  COMPENSATION    122 
C.  BOARD PRACTICES    141 
D.  EMPLOYEES    143 
/nobreakspace
-i-
E.  SHARE OWNERSHIP    144 
F.  DISCLOSURE OF A REGISTRANT’S ACTION TO RECOVER ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION    145 
ITEM 7.  MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    145 
A.  MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS    145 
B.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    149 
C.  INTERESTS OF EXPERTS AND COUNSEL    151 
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    151 
A.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION    151 
B.  SIGNIFICANT CHANGES    164 
ITEM 9.  THE OFFER AND LISTING    164 
A.  OFFER AND LISTING DETAILS    164 
B.  PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION    164 
C.  MARKETS    164 
D.  SELLING SHAREHOLDERS    165 
E.  DILUTION    165 
F.  EXPENSES OF THE ISSUE    165 
ITEM 10.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION    165 
A.  SHARE CAPITAL    165 
B.  MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND OTHER SHARE INFORMATION    166 
C.  MATERIAL CONTRACTS    175 
D.  EXCHANGE CONTROLS    177 
E.  TAXATION    177 
F.  DIVIDENDS AND PAYING AGENTS    185 
G.  STATEMENT BY EXPERTS    185 
H.  DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY    185 
I.  SUBSIDIARY INFORMATION    186 
J.  ANNUAL REPORT TO SECURITY HOLDERS    186 
ITEM 11.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    186 
ITEM 12.  DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES    188 
A.  DEBT SECURITIES    188 
B.  WARRANTS AND RIGHTS    188 
C.  OTHER SECURITIES    188 
D.  AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES    188 
ITEM 13.  DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES    193 
ITEM 14.  MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS    193 
ITEM 15.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    193 
/nobreakspace
-ii-
ITEM 16.  [RESERVED]    194 
ITEM 16A.  AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT    194 
ITEM 16B.  CODE OF ETHICS    194 
ITEM 16C.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES    194 
ITEM 16D.  EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES    195 
ITEM 16E.  PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER    195 
ITEM 16F.  CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT    196 
ITEM 16G.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    196 
ITEM 16H.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE    197 
ITEM 16I.  DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS    197 
ITEM 16J.  INSIDER TRADING POLICIES    198 
ITEM 16K.  CYBERSECURITY    198 
ITEM 17.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    201 
ITEM 18.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    201 
ITEM 19.  EXHIBITS    201 
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
-iii-
GENERAL INFORMATION
In this annual report on Form 20-F (“Form 20-F”) references to:
/nobreakspace
 
• “AB InBev,” “we,” “us”, “our” and “the company” are, as the context requires, to Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (formerly Newbelco
SA/NV) or Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and the group of companies owned and/or controlled by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and
consolidated into our results, including to the predecessor Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV or Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and the group
of companies owned and/or controlled by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV prior to the completion of the combination with SAB on
10 October 2016;
/nobreakspace
 • “ AB InBev Group” are to Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and the group of companies owned and/or controlled by Anheuser-Busch InBev
SA/NV;
/nobreakspace
 • “ Ambev” are to Ambev S.A., a Brazilian company listed on the New York Stock Exchange and on the São Paulo Stock Exchange, and
successor of Companhia de Bebidas das Américas—Ambev;
/nobreakspace
 • “ Anheuser-Busch” are to Anheuser-Busch Companies, LLC, and the group of companies owned and/or controlled by Anheuser-Busch
Companies, LLC, as the context requires;
/nobreakspace
 • “ Beyond Beer” are to our portfolio of alternative beverages which are designed to address evolving consumer tastes and include offerings
such as spirits-based ready-to-drink (“RTD”) cocktails, malt-based RTDs, flavored beverages, hard seltzers, spritzers and similar offerings.
/nobreakspace
 • “ Budweiser APAC” are to Budweiser Brewing Company APAC Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange;
/nobreakspace
 • “ Grupo Modelo” are to Cervecería Modelo de México, S. de R.L. de C.V ., a Mexican limited liability company, and the group of
companies owned and/or controlled by Cervecería Modelo de México, S. de R.L. de C.V .;
/nobreakspace
 • “ Ordinary Shares” are to ordinary shares without nominal value issued by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV;
/nobreakspace
 
• “ Restricted Shares” are to shares without nominal value issued by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV to former SAB shareholders in
connection with the combination with SAB, which are unlisted, not admitted to trading on any stock exchange and convertible into
Ordinary Shares at the election of the holder since 11 October 2021;
/nobreakspace
 
• “ SAB” are, as the context requires, to ABI SAB Group Holding Limited (formerly SABMiller Limited and prior to that SABMiller plc) or
to ABI SAB Group Holding Limited and the group of companies owned and/or controlled by ABI SAB Group Holding Limited prior to
the combination between AB InBev and ABI SAB Group Holding Limited on 10 October 2016; and
/nobreakspace
 • “ SAB Group” are to ABI SAB Group Holding Limited and the group of companies owned and/or controlled by ABI SAB Group Holding
Limited.
When we discuss consumers of our products that contain alcohol, this is in reference to consumers of legal drinking age in their respective
jurisdictions.
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA
We have prepared our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December
2025, in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and in conformity with IFRS
Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). Unless otherwise specified, the financial information analysis in this Form 20-F is
based on our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025. Unless
otherwise specified, all financial information included in this Form 20-F has been stated in U.S. dollars.
/nobreakspace
-i-
All references in this Form 20-F to (i) “Euro” or “EUR” are to the common currency of the EU, (ii) “U.S. dollar,” “$” or “USD” are to the
currency of the United States of America, (iii) “CAD” (Canadian dollar) are to the currency of Canada, (iv) “R$”, “BRL”, “real” or “reais” are to the
currency of Brazil, (v) “GBP” (pound sterling) are to the currency of the United Kingdom, (vi) “AUD” (Australian dollar) are to the currency of the
Commonwealth of Australia, (vii) “MXN” (Mexican peso) are to the currency of Mexico, (viii) “ZAR” (South African rand) are to the currency of
South Africa, (ix) “COP” (Colombian peso) are to the currency of Colombia, (x) “PEN” (Peruvian sol) are to the currency of Peru, (xi) “ARS”
(Argentine peso) are to the currency of Argentina, (xii) “CNY” (Chinese yuan) are to the currency of China, (xiii) “DOP” (Dominican peso) are to the
currency of the Dominican Republic, (xiv) “KRW” (South Korean won) are to the currency of South Korea, and (xv) “TSh” (Tanzanian shilling) are to
the currency of Tanzania.
Unless otherwise specified, volumes, as used in this Form 20-F, include beer and non-beer (primarily carbonated soft drinks, spirits-based
beverages and energy drinks) volumes. In addition, unless otherwise specified, our volumes include not only brands that we own or license, but also
third-party brands that we brew and sell, and third-party products that we sell through our distribution network. Unless otherwise specified, our volume
figures in this Form 20-F reflect 100% of the volumes of entities that we fully consolidate in our financial reporting, but do not include volumes of our
associates, joint ventures or non-consolidated entities. Under the principles of IFRS, associates are undertakings in which we have significant influence
over the financial and operating policies, but which we do not control, generally evidenced by ownership of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
A joint venture is an arrangement in which we have joint control, whereby we have rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its
assets and obligations for its liabilities. For more information on the principles of consolidation under our accounting policies, refer to note 3 to our
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025 included in this
Form 20-F.
PRESENTATION OF MARKET INFORMATION
Market information (including market share, volume share, market position, brand power of our portfolio, industry data for our brands, operating
activities and those of our subsidiaries or of companies acquired by us) or other statements presented in this Form 20-F regarding our position (or that of
companies acquired by us) relative to our competitors largely reflect the best estimates of our management. These estimates are based upon information
obtained from customers, trade or business organizations and associations, other contacts within the industries in which we operate and, in some cases,
upon published statistical data or information from independent third parties. Except as otherwise stated, our market share data, as well as our
management’s assessment of our comparative competitive position, has been derived by comparing our sales figures for the relevant period to our
management’s estimates of our competitors’ sales figures for such period, as well as upon published statistical data and information from independent
third parties, and, in particular, the reports published and the information made available by, among others, the local brewers’ associations and the
national statistics bureaus in the various countries in which we sell our products. The principal sources used include NielsenIQ, Circana, Scentia,
TrueData, Frontline, Euromonitor, IWSR, local brewers’ associations and national statistics bureaus. The brand power of our portfolio of beer and
non-beer brands is assessed based on data published by Kantar and Kantar BrandZTM. You should not rely on the market share and other market
information presented herein as precise measures of market share or of other actual conditions.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
There are statements in this Form 20-F, such as statements that include the words or phrases “will likely result,” “are expected to,” “will continue,”
“is anticipated,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “may,” “might,” “could,” “believe,” “expect,” “plan,” “potential,” “we aim,” “our goal,” “our
ambition,” “our vision,” “we intend” or similar expressions that are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by these statements due to, among others, the risks or uncertainties listed below.
See also “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors” for further discussion of risks and uncertainties that could impact our business.
/nobreakspace
-ii-
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control and are difficult to predict, that may cause actual
results or developments to differ materially from any future results or developments expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others:
/nobreakspace
 
•  global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty, including the risks of an economic downturn, recession, foreign  exchange
fluctuations, tariffs and/or inflationary pressures in one or more of our key markets, and the impact they may have on us, our customers
and our suppliers and our assessment of that impact;
/nobreakspace
 
•  continued geopolitical instability (including as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and conflicts a nd
developments in the Middle East and Latin America), which may have a substantial impact on the economies of one or more of our key
markets and may result in, among other things, disruptions to global supply chains, increases in commodity and energy prices with
follow-on inflationary impacts, and economic and political sanctions;
/nobreakspace
 
•  financial risks, such as interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk (in particular as against the U.S. dollar, our report ing currency),
commodity risk, asset price risk, equity market risk, counterparty risk, sovereign risk, liquidity risk, inflation or deflation, including
inability to achieve our optimal net debt level;
/nobreakspace
 •  changes in government policies and currency controls;
/nobreakspace
 •  continued availability of financing and our ability to achieve our targeted coverage and debt levels and terms, including the  risk of
constraints on financing in the event of a credit rating downgrade;
/nobreakspace
 
•  the monetary and interest rate policies of central banks, in particular the European Central Bank, the Board of Governors of the U.S.
Federal Reserve System, the Bank of England, Banco Central do Brasil, Banco Central de la República Argentina, the Central Bank of
China, the South African Reserve Bank, Banco de la República in Colombia, the Bank of Mexico and other central banks;
/nobreakspace
 •  changes in applicable laws, regulations and taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate, including the laws and regulations go verning our
operations and changes to tax benefit programs, as well as actions or decisions of courts and regulators;
/nobreakspace
 •  limitations on our ability to contain costs and expenses or increase our prices to offset increased costs;
/nobreakspace
 •  failure to meet our expectations with respect to expansion plans, growth, accretion to reported earnings, working capital imp rovements and
investment income or cash flow projections;
/nobreakspace
 •  our ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis;
/nobreakspace
 •  the effects of competition and consolidation in the markets in which we operate, which may be influenced by regulation, dereg ulation or
enforcement policies;
/nobreakspace
 •  changes in consumer preferences, spending and behavior;
/nobreakspace
 •  changes in pricing environments;
/nobreakspace
-iii-
•  volatility in the availability or prices of raw materials, commodities and energy;
/nobreakspace
 •  damage to our reputation or the image and reputation of our brands;
/nobreakspace
 •  difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees;
/nobreakspace
 •  regional or general changes in asset valuations;
/nobreakspace
 •  greater than expected costs (including taxes) and expenses;
/nobreakspace
 •  climate change and other environmental concerns;
/nobreakspace
 
•  the risk of unexpected consequences resulting from acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances, corporate reorganizatio ns or divestiture
plans, and our ability to successfully and cost-effectively implement these transactions and integrate the operations of businesses or other
assets we have acquired;
/nobreakspace
 •  the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings;
/nobreakspace
 •  natural and other disasters, including widespread health emergencies, cyberattacks and military conflict and political insta bility;
/nobreakspace
 •  any inability to economically hedge certain risks;
/nobreakspace
 •  inadequate impairment provisions and loss reserves;
/nobreakspace
 •  technological disruptions, threats to cybersecurity and the risk of loss or misuse of personal data;
/nobreakspace
 •  other statements included in this annual report that are not historical; and
/nobreakspace
 •  our success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing.
Many of these risks and uncertainties are, and will be, exacerbated by geopolitical instability and unpredictability and any worsening of the global
business and economic environment as a result. Our statements regarding financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk,
commodity risk, asset price risk, equity market risk, counterparty risk, sovereign risk, inflation and deflation, are subject to uncertainty. For example,
certain market and financial risk disclosures are dependent on choices about key model characteristics and assumptions and are subject to various
limitations. By their nature, certain of the market or financial risk disclosures are only estimates and, as a result, actual future gains and losses could
differ materially from those that have been estimated.
We caution that the forward-looking statements in this Form 20-F are further qualified by the risk factors disclosed in “Item 3. Key Information—
D. Risk Factors” that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Subject to our obligations under
Belgian and U.S. law in relation to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
/nobreakspace
/nobreakspace
-iv-
PART I
/nobreakspace
ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS
/nobreakspace
A. DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
B. ADVISERS
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
C. AUDITORS
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE
/nobreakspace
A. OFFER STATISTICS
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
B. METHOD AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION
/nobreakspace
A. [RESERVED]
/nobreakspace
B. CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
C. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Not applicable.
/nobreakspace
D. RISK FACTORS
Investing in our shares involves risk. We expect to be exposed to some or all of the risks described below in our future operations. Such risks
include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described below. Any of the risk factors described below, as well as additional risks of which we are not
currently aware, could also affect our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our business activities, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects and cause the value of our shares to decline. Moreover, if and to the extent that any of the risks described below materialize,
they may occur

---

31 December 2023,
please see our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2024.
Cash Flow
The following table sets forth our consolidated cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024:
/nobreakspace
   Year ended 31 December 
   2025    2024  
   (USD million)  
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities    14,883    15,055 
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities    (3,436)    (3,259) 
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities    (11,450)    (9,854) 
          
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents    (3)    1,942 
    
 
    
 
/nobreakspace
-98-
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Our cash flows from operating activities for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
/nobreakspace
   Year ended 31 December  
    2025      2024   
   (USD million)  
Profit of the period    8,477    7,416 
Interest, taxes and non-cash items included in profit    13,160    13,990 
          
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital and use of
provisions    21,637    21,406 
Change in working capital(1)    (398)    (22) 
Pension contributions and use of provisions    (426)    (374) 
Interest and taxes (paid)/received    (6,126)    (6,189) 
Dividends received    195    234 
          
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities    14,883    15,055 
    
 
    
 
/nobreakspace
Note:
(1) For purposes of the table above, working capital includes inventories, trade and other receivables and trade and other payab les, both current and
non-current.
Non-cash items included in profit of the year include: depreciation, amortization and impairments, including impairment losses on goodwill,
receivables and inventories; additions and reversals in provisions and employee benefits; losses and gains on sales of property, plant and equipment,
intangible assets, subsidiaries and assets held for sale; equity share-based payment expenses; share of results of associates and joint ventures (including
impairment); net finance expense; income tax expense and other non-cash items included in profit. Please refer to our consolidated cash flow statement
in our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025 for a more
comprehensive overview of our cash flow from operating activities.
Our primary source of cash flow for our ongoing activities and operations is our cash flow from operating activities. For extraordinary transactions
(such as the 2008 Anheuser-Busch Companies acquisition, the 2013 Grupo Modelo combination and the 2016 combination with SAB), we may, from
time to time, also rely on cash flows from other sources. See “—Cash Flow used in Investing Activities” and “—Cash Flow from/(used in) Financing
Activities” below.
Cash flow from operating activities in 2025 decreased by USD 172 million, or 1.1%, from USD 15,055 million in 2024 to USD 14,883 million in
2025, primarily driven by working capital movements.
We devote substantial efforts to the efficient use of our working capital, especially those elements of working capital that are perceived as “core”
(including trade receivables, inventories and trade payables). The initiatives to improve our working capital include the implementation of best practices
on collection of receivables and inventory management, such as optimizing our inventory levels per stock taking unit, improving the batch sizes in our
production process and optimizing the duration of overhauls. Similarly, we aim to efficiently manage our payables by reviewing our standard terms and
conditions on payments and resolving, where appropriate, the terms of payment within 120 days upon receipt of invoice. Changes in working capital
reduced our operational cash flow in 2025 by USD 398 million.
/nobreakspace
-99-
Cash Flow from/(used in) Investing Activities
Our cash flows used in investing activities for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
/nobreakspace
   Year ended 31 December 
   2025   2024  
   (USD million)  
Net capital expenditure(1)    (3,552)   (3,735) 
Sale/(acquisition) of subsidiaries, net of cash    18   (46) 
Proceeds from sale/(acquisition) of other assets    98   523
         
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities    (3,436)   (3,259) 
    
 
   
 
/nobreakspace
Note:
(1) Net capital expenditure consists of acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and of intangible assets, minus proceeds f rom sale.
Our cash outflow used in investing activities was USD 3,436 million in 2025 as compared to a USD 3,259 million cash outflow in 2024. The
increase in the cash outflow from investing activities in 2025 was mainly due to 2024 being positively impacted by the proceeds from the sale of our
share in associate Ghost Beverages LLC.
Our net capital expenditures amounted to USD 3,552 million in 2025 and USD 3,735 million in 2024. Out of the total 2025 capital expenditures
approximately 26% was used to improve the company’s production facilities while 50% was used for logistics and commercial investments and 24%
was used for improving administrative capabilities and for the purchase of hardware and software.
Cash Flow from/(used in) Financing Activities
Our cash flows used in financing activities for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
/nobreakspace
   Year ended 31 December 
   2025    2024  
   (USD million)  
Net (repayments of) / proceeds from borrowings    (2,460)    (3,830) 
Dividends paid(1)    (4,543)    (2,672) 
Share buyback    (2,301)    (937) 
Payments of lease liabilities    (733)    (787) 
Derivative financial instruments    (206)    (431) 
Sale/(acquisition) of non-controlling interests    (323)    (435) 
Other financing cash flows    (883)    (763) 
          
Cash flow from / (used in) financing activities    (11,450)    (9,854) 
    
 
    
 
/nobreakspace
Note:
(1) Dividends paid in 2025 consisted primarily of USD 2.6 billion paid by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and USD 1.9 billion paid by  Ambev and to
minorities. Dividends paid in 2024 consisted primarily of USD 1.8 billion paid by Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and USD 0.3 b

---

d 2024.
Adjusted free cash flow is a non-IFRS measure. The financial measure most directly comparable to and presented in accordance with IFRS in our
consolidated statement of cash flow is cash flow from operating activities. We believe adjusted free cash flow is useful to investors as it represents cash
flows that could be used for return of capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchases, repayment of debt or other strategic initiatives,
including acquisitions.
Adjusted free cash flow, however, has limitations as an analytical tool for investors. It is not a recognized term under IFRS and does not purport to
be an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. As a result, you should not consider adjusted free cash flow in
isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported in our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 20-F. One
of the primary limitations of adjusted free cash flow is that it does not represent residual cash flows available exclusively for management’s
discretionary use, as it is not adjusted for certain of our non-discretionary obligations, such as the repayment of principal amounts borrowed and other
financing cash flows.
Transfers from Subsidiaries
The amount of dividends payable by our operating subsidiaries to us is subject to, among other restrictions, general limitations imposed by the
corporate laws, capital transfer restrictions and exchange control restrictions of the respective jurisdictions where those subsidiaries are organized and
operate. For example, in Brazil, which accounted for 14.6% of our profit from operations for the year ended 31 December 2025, current legislation
permits the Brazilian government to impose temporary restrictions on remittances of foreign capital abroad in the event of a serious imbalance or an
anticipated serious imbalance in Brazil’s balance of payments. For approximately six months in 1989 and early 1990, the Brazilian government froze all
dividend and capital repatriations held by the Brazilian Central Bank that were owed to foreign equity investors in order to conserve Brazil’s foreign
currency reserves. Capital transfer restrictions are also common in certain developing countries, and may affect our flexibility in implementing a capital
structure we believe to be efficient. For example, China has very specific approval regulations for all capital transfers to or from the country. As at
31 December 2025, the restrictions above mentioned were not deemed significant on the company’s ability to access or use the assets or settle the
liabilities of the operating subsidiaries.
Dividends paid to us by certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to withholding taxes. Withholding tax, if applicable, generally does not exceed
15%.
/nobreakspace
-101-
Funding Sources
Funding Policies
We aim to secure committed credit lines with financial institutions to cover our liquidity risk on a 12-month and 24-month basis. Liquidity risk is
identified using both the budget and strategic planning process input of the group on a consolidated basis. Depending on market circumstances and the
availability of local debt capital markets, we may decide, based on liquidity forecasts, to secure funding on a medium- and long-term basis.
We also seek to continuously optimize our capital structure targeting to maximizing shareholder value while keeping desired financial flexibility
to execute strategic projects. Our capital structure policy and framework aims to optimize shareholder value through cash flow distribution to us from
our subsidiaries, while maintaining an investment-grade rating and minimizing investments with returns below our weighted average cost of capital.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investment Securities
Our cash and cash equivalents, less bank overdrafts, for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
/nobreakspace
   Year ended 31 December  
   2025    2024  
   (USD million)  
Short-term bank deposits    6,248    4,964
Cash and bank accounts    5,390    6,210
Bank overdrafts    (14)    — 
          
Cash and Cash Equivalents in the Statement of Cash Flows    11,623    11,174
    
 
    
 
Our investment securities for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
/nobreakspace
   Year ended 31 December  
   2025    2024  
   (USD million)  
Investment in unquoted companies    134    139
Investment in debt securities    27    29
          
Non-current investments    161    168
Investment in debt securities    306    221 
          
Current investments    306    221 
/nobreakspace
-102-
Borrowings
In May 2025, Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (“ABISA”) completed the issuance of the following series of bonds:
/nobreakspace
Issue date   
Issuer
(abbreviated)   Maturity date    Currency   
Aggregate
principal amount
(in millions)    Coupon rate 
19 May 2025    ABISA    19 May 2033    EUR    1,250    3.375% 
19 May 2025    ABISA    19 May 2038    EUR    1,500    3.875% 
19 May 2025    ABISA    19 May 2045    EUR    500    4.125% 
Additionally, we completed the tender offers for three series of notes issued by Anheuser-Busch InBev Worldwide Inc. (“ABIWW”), Anheuser-
Busch Companies, LLC (“ABC”) and Anheuser-Busch InBev Finance Inc. (“ABIFI”), and repurchased USD 1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of
these notes. The total principal amount repurchased in the tender offers is set out in the table below:
/nobreakspace
Date of repurchase   
Issuer
(abbreviated)   
Title of series of notes
partially repurchased   Currency   
Original
principal amount
outstanding
(in millions)    
Principal
amount
repurchased
(in millions)    
Principal
amount not
repurchased
(in millions)  
30 May 2025   ABIWW   4.750% Notes due 2029   USD   4,250    1,321    2,929 
30 May 2025   ABIWW and ABC  4.900% Notes due 2046   USD   9,160    332    8,829 
30 May 2025   ABIFI   4.900% Notes due 2046   USD   1,457    167    1,291 
Furthermore, we redeemed the outstanding principal amounts indicated in the table below of the following series of notes issued by ABIWW,
ABC and ABISA in 2025:
/nobreakspace
Date of redemption   Issuer (abbrevi

---

s and the related disclosures. We anticipate that the adoption of the standard
will primarily affect the presentation of the income statement and the cash flow statement, the disclosure of management performance measures, and the
related note structure. We do not intend to early adopt IFRS 18 and are currently assessing its full impact. For additional information, see note 3 to our
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025.
/nobreakspace
-72-
A number of amendments to standards effective for annual periods beginning after 1 January 2026 have not been discussed either because of their
non-applicability or immateriality to our consolidated financial statements.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected
on behalf of third parties. We recognize revenue when performance obligations are satisfied, meaning when we transfer control of a product to a
customer.
Specifically, revenue recognition follows the following five-step approach:
/nobreakspace
 •  Identification of the contracts with a customer;
/nobreakspace
 •  Identification of the performance obligations in the contracts;
/nobreakspace
 •  Determination of the transaction price;
/nobreakspace
 •  Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contracts; and
/nobreakspace
 •  Revenue recognition when performance obligations are satisfied.
Revenue from the sale of goods is measured at the amount that reflects the best estimate of the consideration expected to be received in exchange
for those goods. Contracts can include significant variable elements, such as discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, incentives,
performance bonuses and penalties. Such trade incentives are treated as variable consideration. If the consideration includes a variable amount, we
estimate the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer. Variable
consideration is only included in the transaction price if it is highly probable that the amount of revenue recognized would not be subject to significant
future reversals when the uncertainty is resolved.
In many jurisdictions, excise taxes make up a large proportion of the cost of beer charged to our customers. The aggregate deduction from revenue
recorded by us in relation to these taxes was USD 15.3 billion and USD 15.2 billion for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Accounting for Business Combinations and Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets
We have made acquisitions that include a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, including the acquisitions of Anheuser-Busch
Companies, Grupo Modelo and SAB.
As of 31 December 2025, our total goodwill amounted to USD 117.9 billion, and our intangible assets with indefinite useful lives amounted to
USD 38.5 billion.
Based on our 2025 annual impairment testing for goodwill, no impairment charge was warranted in 2025.
We apply the acquisition method of accounting to account for acquisition of businesses. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of
the fair values at the date of exchange of the assets given, liabilities incurred and equity instruments issued. Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair value as of the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the acquisition over our
interest in the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition
date carrying value of our previously held interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from
such remeasurement are recognized in profit or loss. We exercise significant judgment in the process of identifying tangible and intangible
/nobreakspace
-73-
assets and liabilities, valuing such assets and liabilities and in determining their remaining useful lives. We generally engage third-party valuation firms
to assist in valuing the acquired assets and liabilities. The valuation of these assets and liabilities is based on assumptions and criteria that include, in
some cases, estimates of future cash flows discounted at the appropriate rates. The use of different assumptions used for valuation purposes, including
estimates of future cash flows or discount rates, may have resulted in different estimates of value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Although we
believe that the assumptions applied in the determination are reasonable based on information available at the date of acquisition, actual results may
differ from the forecasted amounts, and the difference could be material.
We test our goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events and circumstances indicate that the recoverable
amount of those assets is less than their carrying amount. We cannot predict whether an event that triggers impairment will occur, when it will occur or
how it will affect the value of the asset reported. Goodwill impairment testing relies on a number of critical judgments, estimates and assumptions. We
believe that all of our estimates are reasonable: they are consistent with our internal reporting and reflect management’s best estimates. However,
inherent uncertainties exist that management may not be able to control, including geopolitical instability. If our current assumptions and estimates,
including projected revenues growth rates, competitive and consumer trends, weighted average cost of capital, terminal growth rates, and other market
factors, are not met, or if valuation factors outside of our control, change unfavorably, the estimated fair value of goodwill could be adversely affected,
leading to a potential impairment in the future.
We performed our annual goodwill impairment test at cash-generating unit level, which is the lowest level at which goodwill is monitore

---

ating company). Consequently, any change in exchange rates
between our operating companies’ functional currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect our consolidated income statement and balance sheet when the
results of those operating companies are translated into U.S. dollars for our reporting purposes, as we cannot hedge against translational exposures.
Decreases in the value of our operating companies’ functional currencies against the U.S. dollar will tend to reduce those operating companies’
contributions in dollar terms to our financial condition and results of operations.
During 2025, the closing exchange rate of several currencies, such as the Brazilian real, the Colombian peso, the Euro, the Mexican peso, the
Peruvian sol and the South African rand appreciated against the U.S. dollar. During the same period, the average exchange rate of several currencies,
such as the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso, and the closing exchange rate of the Argentine peso, depreciated against the U.S. dollar. Our total
consolidated revenue was USD 59.3 billion for the year ended 31 December 2025, a decrease of USD 0.4 billion compared to the year ended
31 December 2024. The negative impact of unfavorable currency translation effects, including hyperinflation accounting impact, on our consolidated
revenue in the year ended 31 December 2025 was USD 1.3 billion, primarily as a result of the currency translation effects from the Argentine peso,
Brazilian real and the Mexican peso.
Significant changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could adversely affect the amounts we record for our foreign
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our results of operations and profitability. See “Item 5. Operating and
Financial Review—E. Results of Operations—Year Ended 31 December 2025 Compared to the Year Ended 31 December 2024” for further details on
the impact of currency translation effects on our results of operations.
/nobreakspace
-5-
In addition to currency translation risk, we incur currency transaction risks whenever one of our operating companies enters into transactions
using currencies other than its respective functional currency, including purchase or sale transactions and the issuance or incurrence of debt. Although
we have hedging policies in place to manage commodity price and foreign currency risks to protect our exposure to currencies other than our operating
companies’ functional currencies, there can be no assurance that such policies will be able to successfully hedge against the effects of such foreign
exchange exposure. Derivative financial instruments and contractual terms can protect against currency fluctuations in the short term to some extent.
However, derivatives and contractual arrangements expire and upon expiry are subject to renegotiation and therefore cannot provide complete protection
over the medium or longer term. If we are unable to adequately manage the risks inherent in such volatility, including if our hedging and derivative
arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge against foreign currency risks, our results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Further, our consumers in foreign markets may also face currency transaction risks as a result of significant changes in the value of foreign
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, including higher costs of living and an erosion of purchasing power, which could lead to a negative shift in
consumer demand for our products.
Much of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars, while a significant portion of our cash flows is denominated in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. From time to time we enter into financial instruments to mitigate currency risk, but these transactions and any other efforts taken to better match
the effective currencies of our liabilities to our cash flows could result in increased costs. See “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk—Market Risk, Hedging and Financial Instruments,” note 27 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and
2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025, for further details on our approach to hedging commodity price and foreign currency risk.
Our business, financial performance and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by military conflicts and
their related consequences.
The broader geopolitical and economic consequences of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and conflicts and developments in the
Middle East and Latin America, could have the effect of heightening other risks described in this Form 20-F, including, but not limited to, adverse
effects on economic and political conditions in our key markets, further disruptions to global supply chains and increases in commodity and energy
prices with follow-on global inflationary impacts, additional sanctions and restrictive measures, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to
our information systems, which could materially adversely affect our business and operations. See also “—We are exposed to risks associated with
global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty (including those resulting from an economic downturn, recession, foreign exchange,
inflationary pressures and/or geopolitical instability), which could adversely affect our business and operations, the demand for our products and the
market price of our Ordinary Shares and ADSs”, “—Changes in the availability or price of raw materials, commodities, energy and water, including as a
result of geopolitical instability, inflationary pressures, currency fluctuations, constraints on sourcing and increases in tariffs on such raw materials and
commodities could have an adverse effect on our results of operations”, “—If we do not successfully comply with applicable anti-corruption laws,
export control regulations and trade restrictions, we could become subject to fines, penalties or other regulatory sanctions, as well as to adverse press
coverage, which could adversely impact our reputation, our sales or our profitability”, a

---

Open positions can also be the result of our risk management policy.
/nobreakspace
-186-
We use a sensitivity analysis to estimate the impact in our consolidated income statement and other comprehensive income of a strengthening or a
weakening of the U.S. dollar against the other group currencies. In case the open positions remain unchanged and with all other variables held constant,
a 10% strengthening or weakening of the closing rate of the U.S. dollar against other currencies could lead to an estimated decrease/increase of the
consolidated profit before tax of approximately USD 91 million over the next 12 months. Applying a similar sensitivity on the total derivatives positions
could lead to a negative/positive pre-tax impact on equity reserves of USD 516 million. The results of the sensitivity analysis should not be considered
as projections of likely future events, as the gains or losses from exchange rates in the future may differ due to developments in the global financial
markets.
Foreign exchange rates have been subject to significant volatility in the recent past and may be again in the future. See note 27 to our audited
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025 for details of the above sensitivity
analysis, a fuller quantitative and qualitative discussion on the foreign currency risks to which we are subject and our policies with respect to managing
those risks.
Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our variable-rate interest-bearing financial liabilities. As of 31 December 2025, after certain hedging and
fair value adjustments, USD 1.5 billion, or 2%, of our interest-bearing financial liabilities (which include bonds, loans, lease liabilities and bank
overdrafts) bore a variable interest rate. We apply a dynamic interest rate hedging approach where the target mix between fixed and floating rate is
reviewed periodically. The purpose of our policy is to achieve an optimal balance between cost of funding and volatility of financial results, while taking
into account market conditions as well as our overall business strategy. From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements and forward rate
agreements to manage our interest rate risk, and also enter into cross-currency interest rate swap agreements to manage both our foreign currency risk
and interest rate risk.
We have performed a sensitivity analysis in relation to our exposure to interest rates for the floating rate debt after hedging, assuming the amount
of liability outstanding at reporting date was outstanding for the whole year (see note 27 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of
31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025). The company estimates that an increase or decrease of 100 basis points
represents a reasonably possible change in applicable interest rates. Accordingly, if interest rates had been higher/lower by 100 basis points, with all
other variables held constant, the interest expense would have been USD 15 million higher/lower. This impact would have been more than offset by
USD 112 million higher/lower interest income on interest-bearing financial assets. Additionally, the pre-tax impact on equity reserves from the market
value of hedging instruments would not have been significant.
Interest rates have been subject to significant volatility in the recent past and may be again in the future. See note 27 to our audited consolidated
financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025 for details of the above sensitivity analysis, a
fuller quantitative and qualitative discussion on the interest rate risks to which we are subject and our policies with respect to managing those risks.
Commodity Price Risk
We have significant exposures to various commodities, including, but not limited to, aluminum, energy, corn, wheat, plastic, rice and sugar. The
commodity markets have experienced and are expected to continue to experience price fluctuations. We therefore use both fixed-price purchasing
contracts and commodity derivatives to minimize exposure to commodity price volatility.
/nobreakspace
-187-
As of 31 December 2025, we had the following commodity derivatives outstanding, by maturity:
/nobreakspace
   Notional      
   <1 year   1-5 years   >5 years   Total    Fair Value 
Commodities           
Aluminum swaps    2,250    62    —     2,312    411 
Other commodity derivatives    591    39    —     630    (18) 
/nobreakspace
Note:
(1) These hedges are designated in a cash flow hedge accounting relationship in accordance with IFRS 9.
See note 27 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025
for a fuller quantitative and qualitative discussion on the commodity risks that we are subject to, and our policies with respect to managing those risks.
Equity Price Risk
We enter into equity swap derivatives to hedge the price risk on our shares in connection with our share-based payment programs. Furthermore,
we hedge our exposure arising from shares issued in connection with the Modelo and SAB combinations (see also notes 11 and 27 to our audited
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025). These derivative instruments do
not qualify for hedge accounting and the changes in fair value are recorded in the profit or loss account.
As of 31 December 2025, an exposure for an equivalent of 100.5 million of our shares was hedged, resulting in a total loss of USD 213 million
recognized in the income statement for the period in exceptional net finance income/(expense).
The sensitivity analysis on the equity swap derivatives, calculated based on a 24% reasonably possible volatility of our share price, and with all
the other variables held constant, would show USD 1,563 million positive/negative impact on our 2025 profit before tax. The sensitivity analysis is
assessed based on the yearly volatility using daily observable market data during 250 days at 31 D

---

t treatment of certain items for tax
and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which we record on our consolidated balance sheet. We regularly
review the deferred tax assets for recoverability and will only recognize these if we believe that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profit
against any temporary differences that can be utilized, based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, and the expected timing of
the reversals of existing temporary differences.
The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at each balance sheet date. We reduce the carrying amount of a deferred tax asset to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of that deferred tax asset to be utilized.
Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available. If the final outcome of these matters
differs from the amounts initially recorded, differences may positively or negatively impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in
which such determination is made.
We are subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income tax.
There are some transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Some of our subsidiaries are involved in tax audits
and local enquiries, usually in relation to prior years. Investigations and negotiations with local tax authorities are ongoing in various jurisdictions at the
balance sheet date and, by their nature, these can take considerable time to conclude. In assessing the amount of any income tax provisions to be
recognized in the financial statements, estimation is made of the expected successful settlement of these matters. Estimates of interest and penalties on
tax liabilities are also recorded. As required by IFRIC 23, we assess each material tax position. When we assess that it is probable that the tax authorities
will accept the tax treatments adopted, income taxes are calculated and reported consistently with the tax treatment used. We disclose the potential effect
of material uncertainties as a tax-related contingency in note 29 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024 and
for the three years ended 31 December 2025. When we conclude that it is not probable that a particular tax treatment will be accepted, we generally use
the most likely amount of the tax treatment when determining the tax provision to be recorded. Where the final outcome of these matters is different
from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period such
determination is made.
Accounting for Derivatives
Our risk management strategy includes the use of derivatives. The main derivative instruments we use are foreign exchange forwards, currency
options, currency futures, interest rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps, commodity swaps, commodity futures and equity swaps. Our policy
prohibits the use of derivatives in the context of speculative trading.
Derivative financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative financial instruments are remeasured to fair value at the balance sheet date. For derivative financial
instruments that qualify for hedge accounting, we apply the following policy: for fair value hedges, changes in fair value are recorded in the income
statement and for cash flow and net investment hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in the other comprehensive income and/or in the income
statement for the effective and/or ineffective portion of the hedge relationship, respectively.
The estimated fair value amounts have been determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies.
However, considerable judgment is necessarily required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. The fair values of financial
instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, unlisted equities, currency options, embedded derivatives and over-the-counter
derivatives) are determined using valuation techniques. We use judgment to select an appropriate valuation methodology and underlying assumptions
based principally on existing market conditions. Changes in these assumptions may cause us to recognize impairments or losses in future periods.
/nobreakspace
-77-
Although our intention is to maintain these instruments through maturity, they may be realized at our discretion. Should these instruments be
settled only on their respective maturity dates, any effect between the market value and estimated yield curve of the instruments would be eliminated.
/nobreakspace
C. BUSINESS SEGMENTS
Both from an accounting and managerial perspective, we are organized according to business segments, which, with the exception of Global
Export and Holding Companies, correspond to a combination of geographic regions in which our operations are based. The Global Export and Holding
Companies segment includes our headquarters, some non-beverage related businesses, and the countries in which our products are sold only on an
export basis and in which we generally do not otherwise have any operations or production activities.
The financial performance of each business segment, including its sales volume and revenue, is measured based on our product sales within the
countries that comprise that business segment rather than based on products manufactured within that business segment but sold elsewhere.
In 2025 North America accounted for 14.7% of our consolidated volumes, Middle Americas for 26.8%; South America for 27.7%; EMEA for
16.6%; Asia Pacific for 14.1%; and Global Export and Holding Companies for 0.1%. A

---

in the exchange rates between our operating companies’ functional currencies and our reporting currency affects our consolidated
income statement and consolidated statement of financial position when the results of those operating companies are translated into the reporting
currency for reporting purposes as translational exposures are not hedged. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated to the reporting
currency at foreign exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Income statements of foreign operations, excluding foreign entities in
hyperinflation economies, are translated to the reporting currency at exchange rates for the year approximating the foreign exchange rates prevailing at
the dates of transactions. The components of shareholders’ equity are translated at historical rates. Exchange differences arising from the translation of
shareholders’ equity into the reporting currency at year-end are taken to other comprehensive income (that is, in the translation reserve). In May 2018,
the Argentine peso underwent a severe devaluation resulting in Argentina’s three-year cumulative inflation exceeding 100% in 2018, thereby triggering
the requirement to transition to hyperinflation accounting as prescribed by IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies. Under IAS 29,
the non-monetary assets and liabilities are stated at historical cost and the equity and income statement of subsidiaries operating in hyperinflationary
economies are restated for changes in the general purchasing power of the local currency applying a general price index. These re-measured accounts are
used for conversion into U.S. dollar at the period closing exchange rate. As a result, the balance sheet and net results of subsidiaries operating in
hyperinflationary economies are stated in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period.
During 2025, the closing exchange rate of several currencies, such as the Brazilian real, the Colombian peso, the Euro, the Mexican peso, the
Peruvian sol and the South African rand appreciated against the U.S. dollar. During the same period, the average exchange rate of several currencies,
such as the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso, and the closing exchange rate of the Argentine peso, depreciated against the U.S. dollar. Our total
consolidated revenue was USD 59.3 billion for the year ended 31 December 2025, a decrease of USD 0.4 billion compared to the year ended
31 December 2024. The negative impact of unfavorable currency translation effects, including hyperinflation accounting impact, on our consolidated
revenue in the year ended 31 December 2025 was USD 1.3 billion, primarily as a result of the currency translation effects from the Argentine peso,
Brazilian real and the Mexican peso.
For further details regarding the currencies in which our revenue is realized and the effect of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of
operations, see “—F. Impact of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates” below.
See also “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Us and Our Activities—Financial Risks—Fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates may lead to volatility in our results of operations.” and “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Us and
Our Activities—Market Risks—We are exposed to developing market risks, including the risks of devaluation, nationalization and inflation.”
Weather and Seasonality
Weather conditions directly affect consumption of our products. High temperatures and prolonged periods of warm weather favor increased
consumption of our products, while unseasonably cool or wet weather, especially during the spring and summer months, adversely affects our sales
volumes and, consequently, our revenue. Accordingly, product sales in all of our business segments are generally higher during the warmer months of
the year (which also tend to be periods of increased tourist activity) as well as during major holiday periods.
/nobreakspace
-71-
Consequently, for many countries in EMEA and most countries in the South America region (particularly Argentina and most of Brazil), volumes
are usually stronger in the first and fourth quarters due to year-end festivities and the summer season in the Southern Hemisphere, while for some
countries in Middle Americas and EMEA and the countries in the North America and Asia Pacific regions, volumes tend to be stronger during the spring
and summer seasons in the second and third quarters of each year.
Based on 2025 information, for example, we realized 46% of our total 2025 volumes in South America in the second and third quarters, compared
to 54% in the first and fourth quarters of the year, whereas in North America, we realized 54% of our sales volume in the second and third quarters,
compared to 46% in the first and fourth quarters. Although such sales volume figures are the result of a range of factors in addition to weather and
seasonality, they are nevertheless broadly illustrative of the historical trend described above.
/nobreakspace
B. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
For a summary of all of our significant accounting policies, see note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025
and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December 2025 included in this Form 20-F.
We believe that the following are our critical accounting policies. We consider an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial
condition and results of operations and requires significant or complex judgments and estimates on the part of our management. Although each of our
significant accounting policies reflects judgments, assessments or estimates, we believe that the following accounting policies reflect the most critical
judgments, estimates and assumptions that are important to our business operations and the understanding of its results: revenue recognition; accounting
for business combinations and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets; pension and other post-retirement benefits; share-based compensation;
contingencies; deferred and current income taxes; and accounting for derivatives. Although we bel

---

the year ended 31 December 2025, we disposed of assets held for sale in Barbados and other Caribbean islands and we reported a USD
96 million gain in exceptional items.
In the year ended 31 December 2024, we disposed of our share in associate Ghost Beverages LLC in the U.S. to Keurig Dr. Pepper and we
reported a USD 437 million gain in exceptional items.
During 2024 and 2025, we also undertook a series of additional acquisitions and disposals, including the acquisition and termination of certain
distribution rights (together with the acquisitions, disposals and arrangements described above, the “2024 and 2025 acquisitions and disposals”), with
no significant impact to our audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2025 and 2024, and for the three years ended 31 December
2025 included in this Form 20-F.
We may also acquire, purchase or dispose of further assets or businesses in our normal course of operations. Accordingly, the financial
information presented in this Form 20-F may not reflect the scope of our business as it will be conducted in the future.
Brazilian Tax Credits
In the year ended 31 December 2025, our subsidiary Ambev recognized USD 26 million income in Other operating income related to tax credits in
Brazil (2024: USD 49 million). Additionally, Ambev recognized USD 117 million of interest income in Finance income for the year ended 31 December
2025 (2024: USD 142 million) related to these credits.
Excise Taxes
Taxation on our beer, other alcohol beverage and non-beer products in the countries in which we operate is comprised of different taxes specific to
each jurisdiction, such as excise and other indirect taxes. In many jurisdictions, excise and other indirect duties, including legislation regarding
minimum alcohol pricing, make up a large proportion of the cost of beer charged to customers. Increases in excise and other indirect taxes applicable to
/nobreakspace
-69-
our products either on an absolute basis or relative to the levels applicable to other beverages tend to adversely affect our revenue or margins, both by
reducing overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverages. These increases also adversely affect the
affordability of our products and our ability to raise prices. For further discussion of excise taxes and the risk of increased tax rates, please see “Item 3.
Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Us and Our Activities—Legal and Regulatory Risks—We may be subject to adverse changes in
taxation and other tax-related risks”.
Governmental Regulations
Governmental restrictions on beer consumption in the markets in which we operate vary from one country to another, and, in some instances,
within countries. The most relevant restrictions are:
/nobreakspace
 •  Legal drinking ages;
/nobreakspace
 
•  Global and national alcohol policy reviews and the implementation of policies aimed at health consequences and preventing the  harmful
effects of alcohol misuse (including, among others, relating to underage drinking, drunk driving, drinking while pregnant and excessive or
abusive drinking);
/nobreakspace
 
•  Restrictions on sales of alcohol generally or beer specifically, including restrictions on distribution networks, restriction s on certain retail
venues, requirements that retail stores hold special licenses for the sale of alcohol, restrictions on times or days of sale, labeling
requirements and minimum alcohol pricing requirements;
/nobreakspace
 •  Advertising restrictions, which affect, among other things, the media channels employed, the content of advertising campaigns  for our
products and the times and places where our products can be advertised, including, in some instances, sporting events;
/nobreakspace
 •  Restrictions imposed by antitrust or competition laws;
/nobreakspace
 •  Deposit laws (including those for bottles, crates and kegs);
/nobreakspace
 •  Heightened environmental regulations and standards, including regulations addressing emissions of gas and liquid effluents an d the
disposal of waste and one-way packaging, compliance with which imposes costs; and
/nobreakspace
 •  Litigation associated with any of the above.
Please refer to “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—11. Regulations Affecting Our Business” for a fuller description of
the key laws and regulations to which our operations are subject.
Foreign Currency
Our financial statements presentation and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. A number of our operating companies have functional currencies
(that is, in most cases, the local currency of the respective operating company) other than our reporting currency. Consequently, foreign currency
exchange rates have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
In particular, changes in the value of our operating companies’ functional currencies against other currencies in which their costs and expenses are
priced may affect those operating companies’ cost of sales and operating expenses, and, thus, negatively impact their operating margins in functional
currency terms. Foreign currency transactions are accounted for at exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transactions, while monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the balance sheet date. Except for exchange differences on transactions entered into in
order to hedge certain foreign currency risk and exchange rate differences on monetary items that form part of the net investment in the foreign
operations, gains and losses resulting from the settlement of foreign currency transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities in
currencies other than an operating company’s functional currency are recognized in the income statement. Historically, we have been able to raise prices
and implement cost-saving initiatives to partly offset cost and expense increases due to exchange rate volatility. We also have hedge policies designed to
manage commodity price and foreign currency risks to protect our exposure to currencies other than our operating companies’ respective func