ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.
ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
(for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025)
March 6, 2026 
Rogers Communications Inc. 1 Fiscal 2025
Annual Information Form Index
The following is an index of the Annual Information Form (AIF) of Rogers Communications Inc. referencing the 
requirements of Form 51-102F2 and Form 52-110F1 of the Canadian Securities Administrators. Certain information in this 
AIF is contained in Rogers Communications Inc.’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) for the fiscal year ended 
December  31, 2025 ( 2025 MD&A) and Rogers Communications Inc.’s 2025 Annual Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements, each of which is filed on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca, and such information is incorporated herein by reference as 
noted below. All dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.
 
Item 1 Cover Page 1
Item 2 Index 2
Item 3 Corporate Structure
 3.1 Name, Address and Incorporation 4
 3.2 Intercorporate Relationships 5
Item 4 General Development of the Business
 4.1 Three-Year History 9
 4.2 Significant Acquisitions 12
Item 5 Narrative Description of the Business
 5.1 About Rogers 13 16
Understanding Our Business 20
Products and Services 20
Competition 22
Industry Trends 23
Corporate Overview 26
Delivering on our Priorities 32
Employees 49
Commitments and Contractual Obligations 67
Properties, Trademarks, Environmental, and Other Matters 13
 5.2 Risk Factors 14 70
Item 6 Dividends
 6.1 Dividends 14 66
Item 7 Description of Capital Structure
 7.1 General Description of Capital Structure 14
 7.2 Constraints 15
 7.3 Ratings 15
Item 8 Market for Securities
 8.1 Trading Price and Volume 16
 8.2 Prior Sales 16
Item 9 Escrowed Securities and Securities Subject to Contractual 
Restriction on Transfer 17
Item 10 Directors and Officers 17
 10.1 Name, Occupation and Security Holding 17
 10.2 Cease Trade Orders, Bankruptcies, Penalties, or Sanctions 23
 10.3 Conflicts of Interest 23
Item 11 Promoters 24
Item 12 Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Actions
 12.1 Legal Proceedings 24 77
 12.2 Regulatory Actions 24
Item 13 Interest of Management and Others in Material Transactions 24
Item 14 Transfer Agents and Registrars 24
Item 15 Material Contracts 24
   
Page reference / incorporated by
reference from
   
Annual
Information Form
(Page #)
2025 MD&A
(Page #)
Rogers Communications Inc. 2 Fiscal 2025
Item 16 Interests of Experts
 16.1 Name of Experts 25
 16.2 Interests of Experts 25
Item 17 Audit and Risk Committee
 17.1 Audit and Risk Committee Mandate 25
 17.2 Composition of the Audit and Risk Committee 29
 17.3 Relevant Education and Experience 29
 17.4 Reliance on Certain Exemptions 29
 17.5 Reliance on the Exemption in Subsection 3.3(2) or Section 3.6 29
 17.6 Reliance on Section 3.8 29
 17.7 Audit and Risk Committee Oversight 29
 17.8 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 30
 17.9 External Auditors’ Fees and Services 30
Item 18 Additional Information
 18.1 Additional Information 30
   
Page reference / incorporated by
reference from
   
Annual
Information Form
(Page #)
2025 MD&A
(Page #)
Rogers Communications Inc. 3 Fiscal 2025
ITEM 3 – Corporate Structure
ITEM 3.1 – NAME, ADDRESS, AND INCORPORATION
Rogers Communications Inc. is Canada's communications, sports and entertainment company, and was amalgamated 
under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). The registered office is located at 2900-550 Burrard Street, 
Vancouver, British Columbia, V6C 0A3 and the head office is located at 333 Bloor Street East, 10th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, 
M4W 1G9.
We, us, our, Rogers, Rogers Communications,  and the Company refer to Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
RCI refers to the legal entity Rogers Communications Inc., not including its subsidiaries. Rogers also holds interests in 
various investments and ventures.
References in this AIF to the MLSE Transaction are to our acquisition of BCE Inc.'s 37.5% interest in Maple Leaf Sports & 
Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) in July 2025. For additional details, see "MLSE Transaction" in our 2025 Annual MD&A and Note 
3 to our 2025 Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
Xfinity marks and logos are trademarks of Comcast Corporation, used under license. © 2026 Comcast. Rogers trademarks 
in this AIF are owned or used under license by Rogers Communications Inc. or an affiliate. This AIF may also include 
trademarks of other third parties. The trademarks referred to in this AIF may be listed without the ™ symbols. © 2026 
Rogers Communications.
THREE REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
We report our results of operations in three reportable segments:
Segment Principal activities
Wireless Wireless telecommunications operations for Canadian consumers, businesses, the public sector, and 
wholesale providers.
Cable Cable telecommunications operations, including Internet, television and other video (Video), Satellite, 
telephony (Home Phone), and home monitoring services for Canadian consumers and businesses, and 
network connectivity through our fibre network to support a range of voice, data, networking, hosting, 
and cloud-based services for the business, public sector, and carrier wholesale markets.
Media A diversified portfolio of media properties, including sports media and entertainment, television and 
radio broadcasting, specialty channels, digital media, and sports team ownership.
Wireless and Cable are operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (RCCI), and certain 
other subsidiaries. Media is operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Rogers Media Inc., its subsidiaries, and, following 
completion of the MLSE Transaction, MLSE. Effective July 2025, Today's Shopping Choice was transferred from the Media 
reportable segment to Corporate Items, consistent with changes to its management structure.
Rogers Communications Inc. 4 Fiscal 2025
ITEM 3.2 – INTERCORPORATE RELATIONSHIPS
The summary organization chart illustrates the structure of the principal subsidiaries of RCI and indicates the jurisdiction of 
organization of each entity shown as at January 1, 2026. All subsidiaries shown below are owned, directly or indirectly, by 
RCI.
(1) Unless otherwise specified, ownership percentages are 100%.
(2)  Blue Jays Holdco Inc., together with its subsidiaries, holds a 100% interest in the Toronto Blue Jays Baseball Club 
(Toronto Blue Jays) and in the Rogers Centre.
OVERVIEW
Rogers is Canada’s Largest Provider of Wireless Communications Services
As at December 31, 2025, we had:
• approximately 12.2 million wireless mobile phone subscribers; and
• approximately one-third subscriber and revenue share of the Canadian wireless market.
One of Canada’s Leading Providers of High-Speed Internet, Cable Television, and Phone Services
As at December 31, 2025, we had:
• approximately 4.5 million retail Internet subscribers;
• approximately 4.9 million total customer relationships; and
• a network passing approximately 10.5 million homes across Canada.
Diversified Canadian Media Company
We have a broad portfolio of media properties, which most significantly includes: 
• sports media and entertainment, such as Sportsnet (Canada's number-one sports media brand), the Toronto Blue Jays, 
and the Rogers Centre event venue;
• effective July 1, 2025 with the closing of the MLSE Transaction, a controlling 75% ownership interest in MLSE, which 
owns the Toronto Maple Leafs (NHL), Toronto Raptors (NBA), Toronto FC (MLS), the Toronto Argonauts (CFL), various 
minor league teams, and associated real estate holdings, such as Scotiabank Arena;
• our exclusive national NHL Agreement, which was extended this year to run through the 2037-2038 season; 
• category-leading television and radio broadcasting properties; and
• digital media.
Rogers Communications Inc. 5 Fiscal 2025
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Wireless
We are the largest provider of wireless communication services in Canada as at December 31, 2025. We are a Canadian 
leader in delivering a range of innovative wireless network technologies and services. We were the first Canadian carrier to 
launch a 5G network, serving over 2,800 communities as at December 31, 2025. Our wireless services are offered under 
the Rogers (postpaid), Fido (postpaid), and chatr (prepaid) brands, and provide consumers and businesses with the latest 
wireless devices, services, and applications including:
• mobile high-speed Internet access, including our Rogers 5G+ mobile plans;
• wireless voice and enhanced voice features;
• Rogers Satellite, a first-of-its-kind satellite-to-mobile service in Canada, to keep Canadians connected in areas where 
traditional cell coverage is not available;
• In-store Pickup, a convenient service for purchasing devices online or through a customer care agent, with the ability to 
pick up in-store as soon as the same day;
• direct device shipping to the customer's location of choice;
• device financing;
• device protection;
• global voice and data roaming, including Roam Like Home and Fido Roam , and Roam Like Home Travel Passes, 
allowing customers to travel between destinations and enjoy uninterrupted access to their domestic plan;
• wireless home phone;
• advanced wireless solutions for businesses, including wireless private network services;
• bridging landline phones with wireless phones; and
• machine-to-machine and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions.
Cable
We are the largest cable service provider in Canada. Our cable network provides an innovative and leading selection of 
high-speed broadband Internet access, Internet protocol-based (IP) television, applications, online viewing, phone, home 
monitoring, and advanced home WiFi services to consumers across Canada. We also provide services to businesses across 
Canada that aim to meet the increasing needs of today's critical business applications.
Our newest WiFi modem with WiFi 7, a technology that eases network congestion by simplifying network design and 
delivering increased performance with higher throughput and wider spectrum channels, allows us to offer new fibre-
powered Rogers Xfinity Internet  packages and bundles with up to 8 gigabit per second (Gbps) symmetrical speeds in 
select areas.
Internet services include:
• Internet access through broadband and fixed wireless access (including basic and unlimited usage packages), security 
solutions, and e-mail;
• access speeds of up to:
• 500 Mbps on Rogers 5G Home Internet;
• 1 Gbps, covering our entire Cable footprint; and
• 2 Gbps and higher, covering the vast majority of our Cable footprint, with some areas able to receive access 
speeds of up to 8 Gbps symmetrical speeds;
• Rogers Xfinity unlimited packages, combining fast and reliable speeds with the freedom of unlimited usage, 
cyberthreat protection, and options for self-installation;
• the Rogers Xfinity  app, offering a personalized WiFi experience with a simple digital dashboard for customers to 
manage their home WiFi network, providing visibility and control over family usage;
• enhanced whole-home WiFi coverage and premium support with Rogers Xfinity Pro;
• the ability to stay connected during power outages or network interruptions with Rogers Xfinity Storm Ready WiFi ; 
and
• Rogers Xfinity Self Protection , offering services such as 24/7 video monitoring, seven-day cloud storage, security, 
automation, energy efficiency, smart control through a smartphone app, and the option to connect to local emergency 
services.
Television services include:
• local and network TV, made available through traditional digital or IP-based entertainment services with Rogers 
Xfinity TV, including content packages, à la carte channels, and the StreamSaver bundle (bundling Netflix, Disney+ 
and AppleTV);
• on-demand television with Rogers Xfinity TV services;
• cloud-based digital video recorders (DVRs) available with Rogers Xfinity TV services;
• voice-activated remote controls, restart features, and integrated apps such as YouTube, Netflix, Sportsnet NOW , 
Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, and Apple TV+ on Rogers Xfinity TV and Rogers Xfinity Streaming;
• Rogers Xfinity App TV, combining over 40 linear channels with Netflix in a single package;
Rogers Communications Inc. 6 Fiscal 2025
• Rogers Xfinity Streaming, an entertainment add-on for Rogers Xfinity Internet customers, giving them access to their 
favourite streaming services such as Netflix, Disney+, AppleTV, Paramount+, Amazon Prime Video, Sportsnet+, and 
more, all in one place;
• Download and Go, the ability to download recorded programs onto your smartphone or tablet to watch at a later time 
using the Rogers Xfinity TV app;
• linear and time-shifted programming;
• digital specialty channels;
• cloud gaming for Rogers Xfinity Streaming and App TV customers with Amazon Luna; and
• access to extra game content using SportsApp and 4K television programming, including regular season Toronto Blue 
Jays home games and select marquee NHL and National Basketball Association (NBA) games.
Phone services include:
• residential and small business local telephony service; and
• calling features such as voicemail, call waiting, and long distance.
Satellite services include:
• video and audio programming by satellite; our customers have access to over 350 high-definition video channels and 
thousands of on-demand, pay-per-view (PPV), and subscription movie and television titles; and
• flexibility with each of our current primary TV packages, which includes a base set of channels and tiered customization 
options depending on the size of the TV package.
Enterprise services include:
• voice, data networking, IP, and Ethernet services over multi-service customer access devices that allow customers to 
scale and add services, such as private networking, Internet, IP voice, and cloud solutions, which blend seamlessly to 
grow with their business requirements;
• optical wave, Internet, Ethernet, and multi-protocol label switching services, providing scalable and secure metro and 
wide area private networking that enables and interconnects critical business applications for businesses that have one 
or many offices, data centres, or points of presence (as well as cloud applications) across Canada;
• simplified information technology (IT) and network technology offerings with security-embedded, cloud-based, 
professionally managed solutions;
• extensive cable access network services for primary, bridging, and back-up (including through our wireless network, if 
applicable) connectivity; and
• specialized telecommunications technical consulting for Internet service providers (ISPs).
Media
Our portfolio of Media assets, with a focus on sports and regional TV and radio programming, reaches Canadians from 
coast to coast.
In Sports Media and Entertainment, we own the Toronto Blue Jays, Canada's only Major League Baseball (MLB) team, and 
the Rogers Centre event venue, which hosts the Toronto Blue Jays' home games, concerts, trade shows, and special events. 
We also have a controlling 75% ownership interest in MLSE, which owns the Toronto Maple Leafs (NHL), Toronto Raptors 
(NBA), Toronto FC (MLS), the Toronto Argonauts (CFL), various minor league teams, and associated real estate holdings, 
such as Scotiabank Arena.
Our agreement with the NHL (NHL Agreement), which was extended this year to run through the 2037-2038 season, 
allows us to deliver more than 1,300 regular season games during a typical season across television, smartphones, tablets, 
personal computers, and other streaming devices. It also grants Rogers national rights on those platforms to the Stanley 
Cup Playoffs and Stanley Cup Final, all NHL-related special events and non-game events (such as the NHL All-Star Game, 
the NHL 4 Nations Face-Off, and the NHL Draft), and rights to sublicense broadcasting rights.
In Television, we operate several conventional and specialty television networks, including:
• Sportsnet's four regional stations along with Sportsnet ONE, Sportsnet 360, and Sportsnet World;
• the Citytv network, which, together with affiliated stations, has broadcast distribution to approximately 72% of 
Canadian individuals;
• OMNI multicultural broadcast television stations, including OMNI Regional, which provide multilingual newscasts 
nationally to all digital basic television subscribers; and
• specialty channels that include Bravo, Discovery, Food Network, FX (Canada), FXX (Canada), and HGTV.
In Radio, we operate 50 AM and FM radio stations in markets across Canada, including popular radio brands such as 98.1 
CHFI, 680 News Radio (formerly CityNews 680), Sportsnet 590 The FAN, KiSS, JACK, and SONiC.
We also offer a range of digital services and products, including:
• our digital sports-related assets, including sportsnet.ca and Sportsnet+;
• other digital assets, including Citytv+;
Rogers Communications Inc. 7 Fiscal 2025
• a range of other websites, apps, podcasts, and digital products associated with our various brands and businesses; 
and
• out-of-home advertising assets and partnerships allowing us to reach school campuses, bars and restaurants, elevators, 
salons, and spas, among others. 
Other
We offer the Rogers Red  Mastercard, the Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard,  and the Rogers Red World Legend 
Mastercard, each of which allows customers to earn cash back rewards points on credit card spending and finance new 
wireless devices over up to 48 months at 0% interest. 
We also operate Today's Shopping Choice, Canada's only nationally televised shopping channel, which generates a 
significant portion of its revenue from online sales.
Other Investments
We hold interests in a number of associates and joint arrangements, some of which include:
• our 50% ownership interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel), a large provider of multicarrier wireless and wireline products and 
services with several hundred Canadian retail distribution outlets;
• a 46% ownership interest in Live Nation Ontario Concerts L.P., a corporation that presents, produces, and promotes 
music, comedy, family, and skating events in Ontario;
• a 37.5% ownership interest in York Bremner Developments Limited, a corporation that owns and operates Maple Leaf 
Square, a mixed-use real estate development in Toronto, Ontario; and
• a 33.75% ownership interest in York Bremner Hotel Leaseholds Limited, a corporation that owns and operates a 
boutique hotel located at Maple Leaf Square.
WIDESPREAD PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION
Wireless
We have an extensive national distribution network and offer our wireless products nationally through multiple channels, 
including:
• company-owned Rogers, Fido, and chatr retail stores; 
• customer self-serve using rogers.com, fido.ca, chatrwireless.com, and e-commerce sites; 
• an extensive independent dealer network;
• major retail chains and convenience stores;
• other distribution channels, such as WOW! mobile boutique , as well as Wireless Wave and TBooth Wireless through 
our ownership interest in Glentel;
• our contact centres; and
• outbound telemarketing.
Cable
We distribute our residential cable products through various channels, including:
• company-owned Rogers retail stores;
• an extensive independent dealer network;
• customer self-serve using rogers.com;
• our contact centres, outbound telemarketing, and door-to-door agents; and
• major retail chains.
Our sales team and third-party dealers and retailers sell services to the business, public sector, and carrier wholesale 
markets. An extensive network of third-party channel distributors deals with IT integrators, consultants, local service 
providers, and other indirect sales relationships. This diverse approach gives greater breadth of coverage and allows for 
strong sales growth for next-generation services.
Rogers Communications Inc. 8 Fiscal 2025
ITEM 4 – General Development of the Business
ITEM 4.1 – THREE-YEAR HISTORY
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
2026 Highlights to Date
• Declared a quarterly dividend of $0.50 per each outstanding Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share in 
January 2026.
2025 Highlights
For revenue and other financial information on the two most recently completed financial years, see the section entitled 
"2025 Financial Results" in our 2025 MD&A.
Build the biggest and best networks in the country
• Launched Rogers Satellite, a first of its kind satellite-to-mobile service to keep Canadians connected in areas where 
traditional cell coverage is not available.
• Recognized as Canada’s most reliable 5G network by umlaut for the seventh straight year.
• Recognized as Canada’s most reliable Internet by Opensignal.
• Commenced deployment of 5G Advanced network technology, a first in Canada.
Deliver easy to use, reliable products and services
• Launched WiFi 7 and delivered Canada’s first home Internet backup solution for enhanced reliability.
• Brought Canadians more options as we work to provide the best entertainment experience, including Rogers Xfinity 
StreamSaver and Amazon Luna Cloud Gaming.
• Launched digital tools and technology to make it easier and faster for customers to get answers.
• Launched First Responders program with exclusive discounts and special offers to those who are critical in keeping our 
communities safe.
Be the first choice for Canadians
• More Canadians continued to choose Rogers Wireless and Internet over any other provider.
• Renewed our agreement with the National Hockey League (NHL) for the national media rights to NHL games on all 
platforms in Canada through the 2037-38 season.
• Reached an average audience of 10.9 million viewers during Game 7 of the World Series on Sportsnet - the most-
watched Rogers broadcast ever.
• Finished the year rated  No. 1 for flagship radio brands The Roz & Mocha Show , Breakfast with Billie Jo , 98.1 CHFI , 
CHYM 96.7, and STAR 95.9.
Be a strong national company investing in Canada
• Closed $6.7 billion subsidiary equity investment with leading institutional investors (network transaction).
• Became the majority owner of MLSE with a 75% controlling interest.
• Invested $3.7 billion in capital expenditures, the majority of which was in our networks.
• Raised a record $27 million to support children’s charities in Alberta at the annual Rogers Charity Classic.
• Released our 2024 economic impact assessment showing Rogers supported over 90,000 jobs and contributed $14.3 
billion to Canada's GDP.
• Drove benefits to community organizations across Canada of over $100 million.
Rogers Communications Inc. 9 Fiscal 2025
Be a growth leader in our industry
• Grew total service revenue by 6% and adjusted EBITDA by 2%.
• Generated strong free cash flow of $3,356 million 1, above initial guidance ranges, and cash flow from operating 
activities of $6,059 million.
• Achieved a pro forma debt leverage ratio of 3.9x1,2, an improvement of 0.6x versus 2024.
Other highlights
• Declared a dividend of $0.50 per each outstanding Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share each quarter 
during 2025.
• Issued three tranches of subordinated notes with an aggregate principal amount of US$2.1 billion and $1 billion. We 
received net proceeds of $4.0 billion from the issuances.
• Ended the year with approximately $5.9 billion of available liquidity 1, including $1.3 billion in cash and cash 
equivalents and $4.5 billion available under our bank and other credit facilities.
2024 Highlights
Build the biggest and best networks in the country
• Awarded Canada's most reliable 5G network by umlaut for the sixth straight year and most reliable wireless network by 
Opensignal, both in July 2024.
• Recognized as Canada's most reliable Internet by Opensignal in July 2024.
• Completed Canada's first national live trial of 5G network slicing.
• Started to deploy 3800 MHz spectrum licences, further expanding our 5G capabilities.
• Delivered 4 Gbps download and 1 Gbps upload speeds with DOCSIS 4.0 modem technology trial.
Deliver easy to use, reliable products and services
• Signed landmark deals with Warner Bros. Discovery and NBCUniversal to acquire the most-watched lifestyle and 
entertainment brands and content, subsequently launching Bravo in Canada and launched channels for HGTV, Food 
Network, Discovery, and others on January 1, 2025.
• Announced a ten-year agreement with Comcast to bring their world-class Xfinity products and technology to 
Canadians, beginning with Rogers Xfinity Streaming  and Rogers Xfinity Storm-Ready  WiFi , Canada's first home 
Internet backup solution.
• Introduced a program to help newcomers build credit and finance a new smartphone through a partnership with Nova 
Credit.
• Launched Rogers 5G Home Internet across our wireless network coverage area.
Be the first choice for Canadians
• Led the industry with 623,000 mobile phone and Internet net additions.
• Signed an agreement with BCE Inc. (Bell) to become the majority owner of MLSE.
• Produced and broadcast Canada's first Law & Order original series, premiering at #1 in the country and becoming 
Citytv’s most watched original series in over a decade.
• Sportsnet was the most watched specialty channel in Canada.
Rogers Communications Inc. 10 Fiscal 2025
1 Free cash flow, available liquidity, and debt leverage ratio are capital management measures. Pro forma debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Pro forma 
trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is a component of pro forma debt leverage ratio. These are not standardized 
financial measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See "Non-GAAP and Other 
Financial Measures" for more information about these measures, and "Financial Condition" for a reconciliation of available liquidity, in our 2025 MD&A, 
available at www.sedarplus.ca.
2 This has been calculated on an adjusted basis to include trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA of a combined Rogers and MLSE as if the MLSE Transaction had 
closed at the beginning of the trailing 12-month period. If calculated on an as reported basis without the foregoing adjustment, our debt leverage ratio as at 
December  31, 2025 was 4.0
Be a strong national company investing in Canada
• Invested a record $4 billion in capital expenditures, primarily in our networks.
• Became the first national carrier in Canada with net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions targets approved by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
• Drove benefits to community organizations across Canada of over $100 million.
• Raised a record $25 million to support children’s charities in Alberta at the 12th annual Rogers Charity Classic.
• Released our 2023 Economic Impact Assessment showing Rogers supported 92,000 jobs and contributed $14 billion 
to Canada's GDP.
Be a growth leader in our industry
• Grew total service revenue by 7% and adjusted EBITDA by 12%.
• Reported industry-leading margins in our Wireless and Cable operations.
• Generated free cash flow of $3,045 million, up 26%, and cash flow from operating activities of $5,680 million.
Other highlights
• Declared a dividend of $0.50 per each outstanding Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share each quarter 
during 2024.
• Issued senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of US$2.5 billion. We received net proceeds of US$2.46 
billion ($3.32 billion) from the issuance.
• Ended the year with approximately $4.8 billion of available liquidity, including $3.5 billion available under our bank 
and letter of credit facilities, $0.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and $0.4 billion available under our receivables 
securitization program.
2023 Highlights
Build the biggest and best networks in the country
• Invested a then-record $3.9 billion in capital expenditures, primarily in our wireless and wireline network infrastructure.
• Recognized as the best and most reliable wireless network in Canada for the fifth straight year by umlaut in July 2023.
• Expanded Canada's then-largest and most reliable 5G network to 267 new communities.
• Launched 5G service for all transit rider

---

f Nominating Committee
(3) Denotes member of Finance Committee
(4) Denotes member of Sustainability and Social Impact Committee
(5) Denotes member of Pension Committee
(6) Denotes member of Corporate Governance Committee
(7) Denotes member of Human Resources Committee
(8) Denotes member of Audit and Risk Committee
(9) Edward S. Rogers and Lisa A. Rogers are immediate family members of each other and members of the family of the late Ted Rogers. For additional 
information, please see “Outstanding Shares and Main Shareholders” in RCI’s 2025 Information Circular available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca.
(10) Voting control of RCI is held by the Rogers Control Trust. See “Outstanding Shares and Main Shareholders” in RCI’s 2025 Information Circular available 
on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca. Each of the individuals that are noted above as holding positions with the Rogers Control Trust have held such positions 
since December 2008, with the exception of Jan L. Innes who has held such position since December 2023, and Thomas A. Turner who has held such 
position since March 2023. 
Rogers Communications Inc. 17 Fiscal 2025
Edward S. Rogers  resides in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and has been a director of RCI since May 1997. Mr. Rogers 
currently serves as Executive Chair of the Board. Prior to becoming Chair in January 2018, Mr. Rogers was the Deputy Chair 
of RCI from September 2009. Mr. Rogers is also Chair of Rogers Bank, Chair of the Toronto Blue Jays, and Chair of Maple 
Leaf Sports & Entertainment. He is the Rogers Control Trust Chair. Mr. Rogers served in various management positions at 
Rogers Communications for over 20 years, including as President & CEO of Rogers Cable Inc. After graduating from the 
University of Western Ontario, Mr. Rogers spent three years with Comcast Corporation. Mr. Rogers was a member of the 
Economic Council of Canada from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Rogers is a 2025 Order of Ontario appointee.
Michael J. Cooper resides in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and has been a director of RCI since October 2021. Mr. Cooper is 
the President and Chief Responsible Officer of Dream Unlimited Corp. and founder of Dream Asset Management 
Corporation (DAM). He is also the Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trust. Mr. 
Cooper helped found DAM in 1996 and continues to lead the business as President and Chief Responsible Officer. Mr. 
Cooper was also involved in the formation of Dream Global Real Estate Investment Trust, previously a TSX-listed real estate 
investment trust, the assets and subsidiaries of which were sold in 2019. Mr. Cooper holds a LL.B from the University of 
Western Ontario and a M.B.A. from York University.
Trevor English resides in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and has been a director of RCI since April 2023. Mr. English has over 25 
years of experience in corporate finance, mergers & acquisitions, investor relations, business development, and financial 
analysis. Mr. English joined the Shaw Family Group in April 2023, and currently holds the position of Chief Investment 
Officer. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Auctus Property Fund GP. Mr. English served as Executive Vice 
President, Chief Financial & Corporate Development Officer of Shaw from May 2018 until prior to Shaw's acquisition by 
Rogers in April 2023. Previously, Mr. English served as Shaw's Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Business 
Development Officer from March 2016 to May 2018. Prior to joining Shaw in 2004, Mr. English worked for CIBC World 
Markets Inc. in Canada and the United Kingdom, commencing in 1997. Mr. English holds a B.Comm from the University of 
Calgary and a Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
Ivan Fecan resides in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and has been a director of RCI since October 2021. Mr. Fecan 
is a Canadian media executive and producer. Mr. Fecan was President and CEO of Baton Broadcasting and its successors, 
CTV Inc. and CTVglobemedia, from 1996 to 2011. Previously, he was VP of English TV at the CBC, VP of Creative Affairs at 
NBC, News Director at Citytv, and a CBC Radio Producer. Mr. Fecan serves on the Board of Directors of the University 
Health Network Foundation, and is a Trustee Emeritus at the Art Gallery of Ontario. Mr. Fecan was the producer and 
executive producer of the hit Canadian sitcom Kim's Convenience. Mr. Fecan holds a B.A. from York University, and has two 
honorary doctorates.
Robert J. Gemmell  resides in Oakville, Ontario, Canada, has been a director of RCI since April 2017, and has served as 
Lead Director since November 2021. Mr. Gemmell spent 25 years as an investment banker in the United States and in 
Canada. Mr. Gemmell was President and Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Global Markets Canada and its predecessor 
companies (Salomon Brothers Canada and Salomon Smith Barney Canada) from 1996 to 2008. In addition, he was a 
member of the Global Operating Committee of Citigroup Global Markets from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Gemmell holds a B.A. 
from Cornell University, a LL.B from Osgoode Hall Law School, and a M.B.A. from the Schulich School of Business.
Jan L. Innes resides in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and has been a director of RCI since October 2021. Ms. Innes is a board 
member and public affairs specialist. Ms. Innes spent most of her career at Rogers Communications. She joined Rogers in 
1995 as Vice President, Communications, and in 2011, became Vice President, Government Relations. Ms. Innes retired 
from Rogers in 2015. Prior to joining Rogers, Ms. Innes was Vice President of Public Affairs at Unitel Communications Inc. 
Previously, Ms. Innes held senior political staff positions at both Queen's Park in Toronto and Parliament Hill in Ottawa. Ms. 
Innes is the Chair of the Board of Directors of the Rogers Group of Funds and a member of the Advisory Committee of the 
Rogers Control Trust. She also sits on the Board of Directors of Syndeo Institute at The Cable Center. Ms. Innes holds a B.A. 
(Honours) from the University of Toronto and in 2014, completed the Directors Education Program at the Rotman School of 
Management, receiving the ICD.D designatio

---

-Coors, Visa International, and Sun Life Financial. Prior to rejoining Rogers, she served as 
Global Head of Marketing and Communications at a global pension plan with $250 billion in net assets. She serves on the 
Board of Directors of The Canadian Journalism Foundation. She holds a B.A. from the University of Ottawa and is a 
graduate of Harvard's Leadership Development program.
Colette S. Watson resides in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and has served as President, Rogers Sports & Media since January 
2022. Ms. Watson was previously Senior Vice President, TV & Broadcast Operations from November 2016 to June 2020. 
Ms. Watson is responsible for driving strategy and overseeing operations for the Company’s robust portfolio of media 
assets. Prior to rejoining Rogers, Ms. Watson was the President of CPAC, a not-for-profit, commercial-free specialty 
television channel from April 2019 to January 2022. Fluently bilingual, Ms. Watson has 35 years of experience across 
programming, regulatory, and communications, including a variety of senior roles across Rogers' Media, Regulatory, and 
Cable divisions. Ms. Watson joined Rogers in 1990 as Bureau Chief of the Rogers Ottawa Bureau. She became Vice 
President of Community Programming in 1995 and performed the dual role of President of CPAC and Vice President of 
Community Programming until her appointment to Rogers Media in 2016. Ms. Watson is also a past recipient of the 
esteemed Trailblazer of the Year award by Canadian Women in Communications. Ms. Watson holds a diploma in 
Communications from St. Lawrence College.
Mahes S. Wickramasinghe  resides in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and has served as President, Group Operations since 
February 2024. Mr. Wickramasinghe was previously Chief Commercial Officer from April 2023 to February 2024, and prior 
to that, Chief Administrative Officer from January 2022. Mr. Wickramasinghe is responsible for Customer Experience, 
including Digital, Capital Management and Financial Services (including Rogers Bank), Procurement and Supply Chain, 
Corporate Development and Corporate Security. Mr. Wickramasinghe has spent over two decades in senior executive roles 
across large Canadian and global organizations, most recently as Executive Vice-President, Canadian Tire Corporation from 
February 2014 holding a range of positions as Chief Corporate Officer, President, Canadian Tire Financial Services, 
President & CEO, Canadian Tire Bank, and as Chairman of Helly Hansen. Mr. Wickramasinghe also held executive 
leadership positions at BCE Inc. and Bell Aliant from 2003 to 2008. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Wickramasinghe was Chief 
Administrative Officer of CIBC FirstCaribbean, based in Barbados, and from July 2012 to September 2013, he was Senior 
Vice President, Corporate Finance at Rogers. He started his career in public accounting and was a partner with Arthur 
Andersen and joined CIBC in 1995 where he held a number of senior positions and was appointed Senior Vice President in 
2001. Mr. Wickramasinghe is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants (Sri Lanka) and the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants and a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management (UK). He is on the Boards of Directors 
of SunOpta Inc., MLSE, and Rogers Bank.
Rogers Communications Inc. 21 Fiscal 2025
Marisa L. Wyse resides in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and has served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since 
January 2022. Since joining Rogers in 2014, Ms. Wyse has held increasingly senior roles, including as Vice President, 
Corporate Development from November 2018 to January 2022. Ms. Wyse sits on the Board of Directors of MLSE. Ms. Wyse 
practiced as a tax lawyer at a Canadian law firm from 2006 to 2013. She holds a J.D. in Law from the University of Toronto 
and a Bachelor of Computer Engineering from McGill University. She was admitted to the Ontario Bar in 2006.
As at December 31, 2025, RCI’s directors and executive officers as a group owned, directly or indirectly, an aggregate of 
108,509,173 Class  A Voting Shares, representing approximately 97.62% of the issued and outstanding Class  A Voting 
Shares. Certain directors have positions with, or are beneficiaries of, the Rogers Control Trust, which holds voting control of 
the Rogers group of companies for the benefit of successive generations of the Rogers family. See “Outstanding Shares 
and Main Shareholders” in RCI’s 2025 Information Circular available on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca.
 
COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD
The Board currently has 14 members.
Independent Directors
The Board is responsible for determining whether a director is “independent” within the meaning of National Instrument 
58-101 - "Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices" (NI 58-101). Certain directors may be principals of, partners in, or 
hold other positions with entities that provide legal, financial, or other services to us. The Board has adopted discretionary 
Director Material Relationship Standards for the purpose of assisting the Board in making determinations regarding 
whether or not a direct or indirect business, commercial, banking, consulting, professional, or charitable relationship a 
director may have with RCI or its subsidiaries is a material relationship that could, in the view of the Board, reasonably 
interfere with the exercise of the director’s independent judgment. These standards can be reviewed on our website at 
about.rogers.com/investor-relations.
Based on the information provided by each director and the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Committee, 
the Board has determined that the following directors are independent in accordance with the requirements of NI 58-101 
and the standards referred to above. In making this determination, the Board considered all of the relationships that each 
director has with the Company (taking the discretionary standards referred to above and other factors the Board 
considered relevant into account) and concluded that none of the relationships considered would likely impair the 
director’s independent judgment.
Michael J. Cooper
Trevor English
Ivan Fecan
Robert J. Gemmell
Jan L.

---

or regulatory reporting, and consultations 
related to accounting matters impacting the consolidated financial statements.
(2) Consists primarily of pension plan audits, French translation of certain filings with regulatory authorities, and other assurance engagements.
(3) Consists of fees for tax consultation and compliance services, including indirect taxes.
ITEM 18 – Additional Information
ITEM 18.1 – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information, including directors’ and officers’ remuneration and indebtedness, principal holders of our 
securities, and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, is contained in our management 
information circular for the most recent annual meeting of shareholders that involved the election of directors. Additional 
financial information is provided in our 2025 Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and our 
2025 MD&A.
Our Corporate Secretary can be contacted at our principal office, located at 333 Bloor Street East, 10th Floor, Toronto, 
Ontario, M4W 1G9 Canada (telephone: 416.935.7777). Additional information relating to RCI is also available on SEDAR+ 
(sedarplus.ca), on EDGAR (sec.gov), and on our website (about.rogers.com/investor-relations).
Rogers Communications Inc. 30 Fiscal 2025

---

exposures
• review the Company’s business continuity and disaster recovery plans
• receive reports on, and approve, if appropriate, transactions with related parties 
PURPOSE OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE
The Committee shall assist the Board of the Company in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in the following principal 
areas:
(i) financial reporting processes and the integrity of financial statements provided by the Company to the public;
(ii) recommend to the Board the appointment of the external auditor, based on an evaluation of the qualifications, 
independence and oversight of the auditor’s work;
(iii) the qualifications and performance of internal auditors;
(iv) the Company’s accounting systems, financial controls and disclosure controls;
(v) compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; and
(vi) the implementation of appropriate risk assessment systems to identify and manage principal risks of the 
Company’s business.
In addition to the responsibilities specifically enumerated in this Mandate, the Board may refer to the Committee, as it sees 
fit, on matters and questions relating to the financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries.
 
INDEPENDENCE
The Committee is composed entirely of independent directors within the meaning of applicable securities laws and the 
Company’s Director Material Relationship Standards.
The members meet regularly without management present.
The members have the authority to engage independent advisors, paid for by the Company, to help the Committee make 
the best possible decisions on the financial reporting, accounting and risk management policies and practices, disclosure 
practices and internal controls of the Company.
MEMBERSHIP
The Committee shall be comprised of not less than three members of the Board, each of whom shall be independent of 
management in accordance with applicable securities laws and based on the Company’s Director Material Relationship 
Standards.
Rogers Communications Inc. 25 Fiscal 2025
The Chief Executive Officer may attend each meeting of the Committee at the invitation of the Chair of the Committee (the 
“Chair”).
The members shall be selected based upon the following, in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations:
(a) Independence. Each member shall be independent in accordance with applicable securities laws and based on 
the Company’s Director Material Relationship Standards and in such regard shall have no direct or indirect material 
relationship with the Company that, in the view of the Board, could reasonably interfere with the exercise of a 
member’s independent judgment.
(b) Financially Literate.  Each member shall be financially literate or must become financially literate within a 
reasonable period after his or her appointment to the Committee. For these purposes, an individual is financially 
literate if he or she has the ability to read and understand a set of financial statements that present a breadth and 
level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of the issues 
that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the Company’s financial statements. In addition, at least one 
member must be a financial expert as defined in accordance with applicable securities laws.
(c) Commitment. In addition to being a member of the Committee and of any audit committee of any affiliate of the 
Company, if a member of the Committee is also on the audit committee of more than two additional public 
companies, the Board or the Nominating Committee shall determine that such simultaneous service does not 
impair the ability of such member to serve effectively on the Committee.
CHAIR AND SECRETARY
The Chair shall be chosen by the Board and shall serve in that capacity until the next Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders of the Company or until his or her earlier resignation or removal by resolution of the Board. The Secretary of 
the Company shall be the Secretary of the Committee, provided that if the Secretary is not present, the Chair of the 
meeting may appoint a secretary for the meeting with the consent of the Committee members who are present.
MEETINGS
The times and locations of meetings of the Committee, and the calling of and procedures at such meetings, shall be 
determined from time to time by the Committee, in consultation with management when necessary, provided that there 
shall be a minimum of four meetings per year. Subject to the notice provisions of the Articles of the Company, written 
notice shall be provided no later than 48 hours prior to meetings, unless waived by all members of the Committee. Notice 
of every meeting shall be given to the external and internal auditors of the Company.
Agendas for meetings of the Committee shall be prepared by the Chair, in consultation with management and the 
Corporate Secretary, and shall be circulated to Committee members prior to Committee meetings. A quorum for meetings 
of the Committee shall be a majority of members.
A member of the Committee may be designated as the liaison member to report on the deliberations of the Committee to 
the Board.
REMUNERATION
The members of the Committee shall be entitled to receive such remuneration for acting as members of the Committee as 
the Board may determine from time to time.
RESOURCES AND AUTHORITY
The Committee shall have the resources and the authority to discharge its responsibilities, including the authority to 
engage, at the expense of the Company, outside consultants, independent legal counsel and other advisors and experts as 
it determines necessary to carry out its duties, without seeking approval of the Board or management.
The Committee shall have the authority to conduct any investigation necessary and appropriate to fulfill its responsibilities.
The Committee has direct access to, and the authority to communicate directly with, the external auditors, internal auditors, 
the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company and other officers and employees of the Company.
The members of the Committee shall have the right to inspect all the books and records of th

---

with legal and regulatory requirements.
6. Risk Management
The Committee will review the Company's:
(a) annual strategic risk assessment identifying principal risks and their potential impact on the Company's ability to 
achieve its business objectives;
(b) processes for identifying, assessing and managing risks;
(c) major risk exposures and trends from all areas (e.g. information and cyber security, external threats, financial, data, 
privacy, physical security, environmental impact, new business initiatives) and management’s implementation of 
risk policies and procedures to monitor and control such exposures;
(d) business continuity plans and disaster recovery plans;
(e) insurance coverage maintained by the Company at least annually; and
(f) other risk management matters from time to time as the Committee may consider appropriate or as the Board 
may specifically direct.
Rogers Communications Inc. 28 Fiscal 2025
7. Additional Responsibilities
(a) establish procedures and policies for:
i. the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal 
accounting controls or auditing matters, and
ii. the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns regarding questionable 
accounting or auditing matters;
(b) prepare and review with the Board an annual performance evaluation of the Committee;
(c) review the adequacy of staffing of key financial functions and management’s plans for improvements;
(d) review earnings guidance provided to stakeholders, including analysts and rating agencies;
(e) periodically review with senior management the status of significant taxation matters;
(f) report regularly to the Board, including on matters such as the quality or integrity of the Company’s financial 
statements, compliance with legal or regulatory requirements, the performance of the internal audit function, the 
performance of the risk management process and the performance and independence of the external auditors; 
and
(g) review and reassess the adequacy of the Committee’s Mandate on an annual basis.
ITEM 17.2 – COMPOSITION OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE
The following individuals are the members of the Audit and Risk Committee, each of whom is considered to be 
independent:
Robert J. Gemmell (Chair)
Trevor English
Ivan Fecan
Diane A. Kazarian, FCPA, CPA, CPA (US)
ITEM 17.3 – RELEVANT EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Each member of the Audit and Risk Committee is financially literate and has the ability to perform his or her responsibilities 
as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee based on his or her education and experience as summarized below: 
Mr. Gemmell (Chair) Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Global Markets Canada. 25 years as an 
investment banker in the United States and in Canada. Mr. Gemmell holds a B.A. from Cornell 
University, a LL.B from Osgoode Hall Law School, and a M.B.A. from the Schulich School of 
Business.
Mr. English Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Corporate Development Officer of Shaw. Over 
25 years of experience in corporate finance, mergers & acquisitions, investor relations, business 
development, and financial analysis. Mr. English holds a B.Comm from the University of Calgary 
and a Chartered Financial Analyst designation.
Mr. Fecan Former President and CEO of Baton Broadcasting. Mr. Fecan holds a B.A. from York University.
Ms. Kazarian Previously Managing Partner of the Greater Toronto Area at PwC. Ms. Kazarian holds a BSBA from 
Bryant University. She is a Fellow Chartered Professional Accountant (FCPA), a Chartered 
Professional Accountant (CPA), and a Certified Public Accountant (CPA (US)) in the United States.
ITEM 17.4 – RELIANCE ON CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS
N/A
ITEM 17.5 – RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION IN SUBSECTION 3.3(2) OR SECTION 3.6
N/A
ITEM 17.6 – RELIANCE ON SECTION 3.8
N/A
ITEM 17.7 – AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT
N/A
Rogers Communications Inc. 29 Fiscal 2025
ITEM 17.8 – PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
Our policy regarding pre-approval of all audit, audit-related and non-audit services is based upon compliance with the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and subsequent implementing rules promulgated by the SEC.
 
(a) Annually management provides the Audit and Risk Committee with a list of the audit-related and non-audit services 
that are anticipated to be provided during the year for pre-approval. The Audit and Risk Committee reviews the 
services with the auditor and management and considers whether the provision of the service is compatible with 
maintaining the auditor’s independence.
(b) Management may engage the auditor for specific engagements that are included in the list of pre-approved services 
referred to above if the estimated fees do not exceed $500,000 per engagement per quarter.
(c) The Audit and Risk Committee delegates authority to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee to approve requests 
for services not included in the pre-approved list of services or for services not previously pre-approved by the Audit 
and Risk Committee. Any services approved by the Chair will be reported to the full Audit and Risk Committee at the 
next meeting.
(d) A review of all audit and non-audit services and fees rendered to the Company by KPMG LLP is reviewed each 
quarter by the Audit and Risk Committee.
Our policy regarding pre-approval of all audit, audit-related, and non-audit services is based upon compliance with the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and subsequent implementing rules promulgated by the SEC. None of the audit-related fees, 
tax fees, or all other fees described in the table below were approved by the Audit and Risk Committee pursuant to 
paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.
ITEM 17.9 – EXTERNAL AUDITORS’ FEES AND SERVICES
The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by KPMG LLP to us for the audit of our annual financial 
statements for 2025 and 2024, and fees billed for all other services rendered by KPMG LLP.
Auditors’ Fees   2025 2024
$  % $     %
Audit Fees (1)  13,409,060  91.0  13,842,168  92.8 
Audit-Related Fees (2)  1,119,570  7.6  869,9