Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 33 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 113 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 113 Item 9B. Other Information 113 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 114 PART III 115 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 115 Item 11. Executive Compensation 115 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 115 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 115 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 115 PART IV 116 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 116 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 116 EXHIBIT INDEX 117 SIGNATURES 123 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. General Becton, Dickinson and Company (also referred to herein as "BD") was incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey in November 1906, as successor to a New York business started in 1897. BD’s executive offices are located at 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey 07417-1880, and its telephone number is (201) 847-6800. All references in this Form 10-K to "BD", "the Company", "we", "our" or "us" refer to Becton, Dickinson and Company and its domestic and foreign subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated by the context. BD is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. We provide customer solutions that are focused on improving medication management and patient safety; supporting infection prevention practices; equipping surgical and interventional procedures; improving drug delivery; aiding anesthesiology care; enhancing the diagnosis of infectious diseases and cancers; and advancing cellular research and applications. Business Segments BD’s operations consist of three worldwide business segments: BD Medical, BD Life Sciences and BD Interventional. As is further described below, on September 3, 2024, BD completed its acquisition of Edwards Lifesciences’ Critical Care product group (“Critical Care”), which was renamed as BD Advanced Patient Monitoring (“Advanced Patient Monitoring”) and operates as a separate organizational unit within the Company’s Medical segment. Information with respect to BD’s business segments is included in Notes 8, 11 and 16, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and is incorporated herein by reference. BD Medical BD Medical produces a broad array of medical technologies and devices that are used to help improve healthcare delivery in a wide range of settings. The primary customers served by BD Medical are hospitals and clinics; physicians’ office practices; consumers and retail pharmacies; governmental and nonprofit public health agencies; pharmaceutical companies; and healthcare workers. BD Medical consists of the following organizational units: 1 Table of Contents Organizational Unit Principal Product Lines Medication Delivery Solutions Peripheral intravenous ("IV") catheters (conventional, safety); advanced peripheral catheters (guidewire assisted peripherally inserted venous catheters, midline catheters, port access); central lines (peripherally inserted central catheters); acute dialysis catheters; vascular access technology (ultrasonic imaging); vascular care (lock solutions, prefilled flush syringes, disinfecting caps); vascular preparation (skin antiseptics, dressings, securement); IV connectors and extensions sets; drug transfer devices; hazardous drug detection; conventional and safety hypodermic syringes and needles, anesthesia needles (spinal, epidural) and trays; enteral syringes; and sharps disposal systems. Medication Management Solutions IV medication safety and infusion therapy delivery systems, including infusion pumps, dedicated disposables, and IV fluids; medication compounding workflow systems; automated medication dispensing; automated supply management systems; medication inventory optimization and tracking systems; informatics and analytics solutions for enterprise medication management; and pharmacy automation systems. Pharmaceutical Systems Prefillable drug delivery systems - prefillable syringes, safety, shielding and systems and support services (combination product testing, technical and regulatory) - provided to pharmaceutical companies for use as containers for injectable pharmaceutical products, which are then placed on the market as drug/device combinations. Advanced Patient Monitoring Advanced hemodynamic monitoring systems used to measure a patient's heart function and fluid status in surgical and intensive care settings. BD Life Sciences BD Life Sciences provides products for the safe collection and transport of diagnostics specimens, and instruments and reagent systems to detect a broad range of infectious diseases, infections and cancers. In addition, BD Life Sciences produces research and clinical tools that facilitate the study of cells, and the components of cells, to gain a better understanding of normal and disease processes. That information is used to aid the discovery and development of new drugs and vaccines, and to improve the diagnosis and management of diseases. The primary customers served by BD Life Sciences are hospitals, laboratories and clinics; blood banks; healthcare workers; physicians’ office practices; academic and government institutions; and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. BD Life Sciences consists of the following organizational units: Organizational Unit Principal Product Lines Integrated Diagnostic Solutions Integrated systems for specimen collection; blood collection products and systems; automated blood culturing and tuberculosis culturing systems; molecular testing systems for infectious diseases and women’s health; microorganism identification and drug susceptibility systems; cytology systems and HPV tests for cervical cancer screening and genotyping; rapid diagnostic assays for testing of respiratory infections at the point of care; microbiology laboratory automation; and plated media for clinical and industrial applications. Biosciences Fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers; antibodies and kits for performing cell analysis; reagents for life science research; solutions for gene and protein expression analysis; and clinical oncology, immunological (HIV) and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents, analyzers and informatics. 2 Table of Contents BD Interventional BD Interventional provides vascular, urology, oncology and surgical specialty products that are intended to be used once and then discarded or are either temporarily or permanently implanted. The primary customers served by BD Interventional are hospitals , ambulatory surgery centers, individ ual healthcare professionals, extended care facilities, alternate site facilities, and patients via our Homecare business. BD Interventional consists of the following organizational units: Organizational Unit Principal Product Lines Surgery Hernia and soft tissue repair, biological grafts, bioresorbable grafts, biosurgery, and other surgical products, BD Surgiphor™ Antimicrobial Irrigation System, and BD ChloraPrep™ surgical infection prevention products. Peripheral Intervention Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (“PTA”) balloon catheters, radio frequency ablation catheters, peripheral vascular stents, and stent grafts, vascular grafts, drug coated balloons, ports, biopsy, chronic dialysis, inferior vena catheter filters, endovascular fistula creation devices and drainage products, and atherectomy and thrombectomy systems. Urology and Critical Care Urine management and measurement devices, indwelling, intermittent and external urine catheters, kidney stone management devices, Targeted Temperature Management, and fecal management devices. Acquisitions Edwards Lifesciences’ Critical Care Product Group On September 3, 2024, BD completed the acquisition of Critical Care, which was renamed as BD Advanced Patient Monitoring. The fair value of consideration transferred in connection with the acquisition was $3.911 billion. Since the acquisition date, financial results for Advanced Patient Monitoring’s product offerings are being reported as a separate organizational unit within the Medical segment. BD funded the transaction with cash on hand, using net proceeds raised through debt issuances in the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, as further discussed in Note 16, and borrowings under our commercial paper program. Additional information regarding this acquisition is contained in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. Parata On July 18, 2022, BD completed the acquisition of Parata Systems (“Parata”), an innovative provider of pharmacy automation solutions. The fair value of consideration transferred in connection with the acquisition was $1.548 billion. Since the acquisition date, financial results for Parata's product offerings are being reported within results for the Medical segment’s Medication Management Solutions unit. Additional information regarding this acquisition is contained in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. 3 Table of Contents Divestitures Surgical Instrumentation Platform In August 2023, BD completed the sale of the Interventional segment’s Surgical Instrumentation platform pursuant to a definitive agreement that was signed in June 2023. BD recognized a gain on the sale of approximately $268 million, which was recorded as a component of Other operating expense (income), net in fiscal year 2023. The historical financial results for the Surgical Instrumentation platform have not been classified as a discontinued operation. Additional information regarding this divestiture is contained in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. of Diabetes Care On April 1, 2022, BD completed the separation and distribution of Embecta Corp. (“Embecta”), formerly BD's Diabetes Care business, into a separate, company. The historical results of the Diabetes Care business (previously included in BD’s Medical segment), as well as interest expense related to indebtedness incurred by Embecta prior to the date, have been reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements for all periods prior to the date of April 1, 2022. Additional disclosures regarding our of the Diabetes Care business are provided in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. International Operations BD’s products are manufactured and sold worldwide. For reporting purposes, we organize our operations outside the United States as follows: EMEA (which includes Europe, the Middle East and Africa); Greater Asia (which includes countries in Greater China, Japan, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Korea, and Australia and New Zealand); Latin America (which includes Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and South America); and Canada. BD has manufacturing operations outside the United States in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Canada, China, Dominican Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and the United Kingdom. Geographic information with respect to BD’s operations is included under the heading “Geographic Information” in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Foreign economic conditions and exchange rate fluctuations have caused the profitability related to foreign revenues to fluctuate more than the profitability related to domestic revenues. BD believes its activities in some countries outside the United States involve greater risk than its domestic business due to the factors cited herein. See further discussion of these risks in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Distribution BD’s products are marketed and distributed in the United States and internationally through independent distribution channels, as well as directly to hospitals and other healthcare related institutions by BD and independent sales representatives. BD uses acute care, care, laboratory and drug wholesaler distributors to broadly support our overall disposable product demand from our end user customers in the United States, while our capital equipment is mostly sold direct to our end user customers. In international markets, products are distributed either directly or through distributors, with the practice varying by country. BD’s worldwide sales are not generally seasonal, with the exception of certain medical devices in the Medication Delivery Solutions business unit, and flu diagnostic products in the Integrated Diagnostic Systems business unit, both of which relate to seasonal diseases such as influenza. BD operates consolidated distribution facilities globally in order to better service its customers, optimize logistics, lower facilities costs and reduce finished goods inventory levels. 4 Table of Contents Raw Materials and Components BD purchases many different types of raw materials and components, including plastics, glass, metals, textiles, paper products, agricultural products, electronic and mechanical and various biological, chemical and petrochemical products. BD seeks to ensure continuity of supply by securing multiple options for sourcing. However, there are situations where raw materials and components are only available from one supplier, which are referred to as sole sourced. The use of sole sourced materials and components may be due to sourcing of proprietary and/or patented technology and processes that are intended to provide a unique market differentiation to our product. In other cases, while a raw material or component can be sourced from multiple manufacturers, only one supplier is qualified due to quality assurance, cost or other considerations. In order to provide alternate sources, BD must complete a rigorous qualification process, which most often includes completion of regulatory registration and approval. If clinical trials are not required, this qualification process can take 3-18 months depending on the criticality of the change. When clinical trials are required, this process may lengthen the qualification phase from one to three years. BD continuously assesses its sole sourced raw materials and components, and maintains business continuity plans with its suppliers. BD’s continuity plans may include securing secondary supply with alternate suppliers, qualification of alternate manufacturing facilities, maintaining contingency stock, internal development of supply and establishment of technology escrow accounts. While BD works closely with its suppliers, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful, and there may be events that cause supply interruption, reduction or termination that adversely impact BD’s ability to manufacture and sell certain products. See further discussion of the risks related to the supply chain and raw materials in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Research and Development BD conducts its research and development (“R&D”) activities at its operating units and across global enterprise centers of excellence located in the United States, India, China, Singapore and Ireland. The majority of BD’s R&D activities are conducted in North America. Outside North America, BD has a significant R&D presence in Greater Asia and Europe. BD also collaborates with certain universities, medical centers and other entities on R&D programs and retains individual consultants and partners to support its efforts in specialized fields. Intellectual Property and Licenses BD owns significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, , copyrights and trademarks in the United States and other countries. BD is also licensed under domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, , copyrights and trademarks owned by others. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to BD’s business. BD believes, however, that no single patent, technology, trademark, intellectual property asset or license is material in relation to BD’s business as a whole, or to any business segment. Competition BD operates in the increasingly complex and challenging medical technology marketplace. Technological advances and scientific discoveries have accelerated the pace of change in medical technology, the regulatory environment of medical products is becoming more complex and vigorous, and economic conditions have resulted in a challenging market. Companies of varying sizes compete in the global medical technology field. Some are more specialized than BD with respect to particular markets, and some have greater financial resources than BD. New companies have entered the field, particularly in the areas of molecular diagnostics, point of care and testing, devices and in the life sciences. Additionally, established companies have diversified their business activities into the medical technology area. Other firms engaged in the distribution of medical technology products have become manufacturers of medical devices and instruments as well. Acquisitions and collaborations by and among companies seeking a competitive advantage also affect the competitive environment. In addition, the entry into the market of low- 5 Table of Contents cost manufacturers has created increased pricing pressures. BD competes in this evolving marketplace on the basis of many factors, including price, quality, innovation, service, reputation, distribution and promotion. The impact of these factors on BD’s competitive position varies among BD’s various product offerings. In order to remain competitive in the industries in which it operates and to boost supply reliability and productivity, BD continues to make investments in R&D, quality management, quality improvement, product innovation, manufacturing and supply chain. See further discussion of the risks relating to competition in the medical technology industry in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Market Access and Reimbursement BD’s customers and their patients rely on public and private payers to reimburse some or all the cost of procedures, products and services. BD actively engages with the payer community, medical societies and other stakeholders in order to navigate market access trends and appropriately communicate value propositions for a broad range of BD medical technologies. However, BD has no direct control over payer with respect to coverage and payment levels for BD products. The manner and level of reimbursement is determined at the payer’s discretion and may depend on a variety of factors, including but not limited to site of care, procedure(s) performed, patient diagnosis, the device(s) and/or drug(s) utilized, available budget, health equity, beneficiary access or a combination of these factors. The providers that we serve are also evaluating changes in the healthcare reimbursement landscape and coverage elements leading to their own on what they will ultimately pay for various medical technologies or procedures, which could positively or negatively impact sales of BD products in any given country for any given product at any given time. Vertical integration of health systems has created a concentrated market among commercial payers in the U.S. and there is an increased focus globally on payment policies that serve to control healthcare spending while also rewarding quality and patient outcomes. Governments around the world continue to consider and transition to payment reforms that would drive improved value and quality- and reimbursement. For example, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ (CMS) established a 2030 goal of transitioning all Medicare beneficiaries to a “care relationship” to ensure the agency’s accountability of quality and cost of care. Whether these changes are driven by legislative efforts, strategic alliances or market conditions, the global landscape continues to enhance cost control efforts through “pay for performance” mechanisms and bidding and tender policies that focus on quality and performance. Examining reimbursement and continually assessing the broader healthcare funding landscape is a strategic consideration in the development and marketing of medical technology. Advancing coding, coverage and payment strategies reduce barriers to adoption, improve affordability and are critical to ensuring patient and provider access to medical technologies. Market access strategies are also critical in ensuring commercial priorities are meeting the demand for critical healthcare needs globally and locally. Regulation General BD's operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, antitrust, , marketing, fraud and abuse (including and false claims laws), export control, product safety and efficacy, employment, privacy and other areas. BD’s medical technology products and operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and various other federal and state agencies, as well as by foreign governmental agencies. These agencies enforce laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, advertising, marketing and distribution, and market surveillance of BD’s medical products. The scope of the activities of these agencies, particularly in the Europe, Japan, Latin America, and Asia Pacific regions in which BD operates, has been increasing. 6 Table of Contents In order to market or sell most of its products, BD must secure authorization from the FDA and counterpart foreign regulatory agencies. After a device has received 510(k) clearance, premarket (PMA) approval or other marketing authorization for a specific intended use, any change or modification that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change or changes in the design, materials, method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new marketing authorization. The determination as to whether or not a modification or series of modifications could significantly affect the device’s safety or effectiveness is initially left to the manufacturer to assess using available guidance; however, regulators may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until a new marketing authorization is obtained. BD actively maintains Quality Systems that establish standards for its product design, manufacturing, and distribution processes, in accordance with ISO standards and FDA regulation. These agencies engage in periodic reviews and inspections of BD’s quality systems, as well as product performance and advertising and promotional materials. These regulatory controls, as well as any changes in agency policies, can affect the time and cost associated with the development, introduction and continued availability of new and existing products. Where possible, BD anticipates these factors in its product development and planning processes. These agencies have the authority to take various administrative and legal actions against BD, such as product recalls, product seizures and other civil and criminal sanctions, for violations of applicable requirements. BD also undertakes voluntary compliance actions, such as voluntary recalls. In some cases, BD may determine that an identified product issue does not require a voluntary recall action. Should a regulator disagree with such a determination, the regulator may require BD to cease marketing of and recall the device until the issue has been corrected. In addition, BD may be required to seek an additional marketing authorization prior to marketing the corrected device. BD also is subject to various federal and state laws, and laws outside the United States, concerning healthcare fraud and abuse (including false claims laws and laws), global , transportation, safety and health, and customs and exports. Many of the agencies enforcing these laws have increased their enforcement activities with respect to medical device manufacturers in recent years. This is part of a general trend toward increased regulation and enforcement activity within and outside the United States. In addition, the federal government has enacted the Sunshine Act provisions requiring BD to publicly report gifts and payments made to physicians and teaching hospitals. Countries outside the United States have enacted similar local laws requiring medical device companies to report transfers of value to healthcare providers licensed in those countries. Failure to comply with these laws could result in a range of fines, penalties and/or other sanctions. Consent Decree with FDA Our U.S. infusion pump organizational unit is operating under an amended consent decree originally entered into by Cardinal Health 303, Inc. with the FDA in 2007 related to its Alaris™ SE infusion pumps. In 2009, the decree was amended (the “Consent Decree”) to include all infusion pumps manufactured by or for CareFusion 303, Inc., which was acquired by BD in 2015. CareFusion 303, Inc. remains the legal manufacturer of BD Alaris™ infusion pumps. The Consent Decree does not apply to intravenous administration sets and accessories. Following an inspection that began in March 2020 of our Medication Management Systems facility in San Diego, California (CareFusion 303, Inc.), the FDA issued a Form 483 Notice (the “2020 Form 483 Notice”) that contained a number of observations regarding the site’s compliance with FDA’s Quality System, reporting of corrections and removals, and Medical Device Reporting (MDR) regulations. In December 2021, the FDA issued to CareFusion 303, Inc. a letter of with respect to the Consent Decree (the “ Letter”) stating that, among other things, it had determined that certain of the corrective actions with respect to the 2020 Form 483 Notice appeared to be adequate, some were still in progress such that adequacy could not be determined yet, and certain others were not adequate (e.g., complaint handling and 7 Table of Contents corrective and preventive actions, design verification and medical device reporting). Per the terms of the Letter, CareFusion 303, Inc. provided the FDA with a proposed comprehensive corrective action plan (“CAP”) and has retained an independent expert to conduct periodic audits of the CareFusion 303, Inc. infusion pump facilities through 2025. CareFusion 303, Inc. has and will continue to update its CAP to address any observations that may arise during the course of these audits. In addition, CareFusion 303, Inc. received an additional Form 483 Notice in May 2024 following an FDA inspection (“2024 Form 483 Notice”) that contained observations related to the site’s compliance with the FDA’s quality system regulations and MDR regulation related to its Infusion quality management system (covered by the Consent Decree) and separate Dispensing quality management system (which is not subject of the Consent Decree). On November 22, 2024, BD received a Warning Letter from the FDA, which is limited to CareFusion 303, Inc.’s Dispensing quality management system and BD Pyxis TM products (“Dispensing Warning Letter”). See “— FDA Warning Letters” below for further information. The FDA’s review of our responses to the observations specific to the Infusion quality management system in the 2024 Form 483 Notice and the CAP is ongoing, and no assurances can be given regarding further action by the FDA as a result of the observations, including but not limited to action pursuant to the Consent Decree, or that corrective actions proposed by CareFusion 303, Inc. will be adequate to address these observations. Additionally, we cannot currently predict the amount of additional monetary investment that will be incurred to resolve this matter or the matter’s ultimate impact on our business. The Consent Decree authorizes the FDA, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing infusion pumps, recall products and take other actions. We may be required to pay damages of $15,000 per day per violation if we fail to comply with any provision of the Consent Decree, up to $15 million per year. We may be obligated to pay more costs in the future because, among other things, the FDA may determine that we are not fully compliant with the Consent Decree and Letter and therefore impose penalties under the Consent Decree, and/or we may also be subject to future proceedings and litigation relating to the matters addressed in the Consent Decree, including, but not limited to, additional fines, penalties, other monetary remedies, and expansion of the terms of the Consent Decree. As of September 30, 2024, we do not believe that a loss is probable in connection with the Consent Decree, and accordingly, we have no accruals associated with compliance with the Consent Decree. As previously disclosed, on July 21, 2023, BD received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for its updated BD Alaris™ Infusion System, which enables both remediation and a return to market for the BD Alaris™ Infusion System. This clearance covers updated hardware features for Unit (PCU), large volume pumps, syringe pumps, analgesia (PCA) pumps, respiratory monitoring and modules. It also covers a new BD Alaris™ Infusion System software version with enhanced cybersecurity, along with interoperability features that enable smart, connected care with electronic medical record systems. To address all open recalls and ensure all devices at customer sites are running the most recent version of the BD Alaris™ Infusion System Software, all of the current BD Alaris™ Infusion System devices in the U.S. market will be remediated or replaced with the updated 510(k) cleared version over the next several years. FDA Warning Letters On January 11, 2018, BD received a Warning Letter from the FDA with respect to our former BD Preanalytical Systems ("PAS") unit, citing certain alleged violations of quality system regulations and of law. The Warning Letter states that, until BD resolves the outstanding issues covered by the Warning Letter, the FDA will not approve any premarket submissions for Class III devices to which the are reasonably related or grant requests for certificates to foreign governments. BD has worked closely with the FDA and implemented corrective actions to address the quality management system concerns identified in the Warning Letter. In March 2020, the FDA conducted a subsequent inspection of PAS, which it classified as 8 Table of Contents Voluntary Action Indicated, which means the FDA will not take or recommend any administrative or regulatory action as a result of the unit’s response to the observations associated with the quality management concerns in the inspection. BD continues to work with the FDA to generate additional clinical evidence and file 510(k)s as remaining commitments associated with the Warning Letter. As of September 30, 2024, BD has received seven FDA clearances. The FDA review of these remaining commitments is ongoing, and no assurances can be given regarding further action by the FDA as a result of these commitments, including but not limited to action pursuant to the Warning Letter. As noted above, on November 22, 2024, BD received the Dispensing Warning Letter following an inspection of its facility located in San Diego, California, citing certain alleged violations of the quality system regulations, MDR regulation, the corrections and removals reporting regulation and law. The Dispensing Warning Letter states that, until BD resolves the outstanding issues covered by the Dispensing Warning Letter, the FDA will not approve any premarket submissions for Class III devices and may not grant requests for certificates to foreign governments concerning devices to which the are reasonably related. As requested by the Dispensing Warning Letter, BD is preparing a comprehensive response to address FDA’s feedback in the Dispensing Warning Letter, which may include implementing additional corrective actions; however, no assurances can be given regarding further action by the FDA as a result of the noted , or that corrective actions proposed and taken by CareFusion 303, Inc. will be adequate to address the . Any failure to adequately address the Dispensing Warning Letter may result in regulatory actions initiated by the FDA without further notice, which may include, but are not limited to, seizure, injunction and civil monetary penalties. As a result, the ultimate resolution of the Dispensing Warning Letter and its impact on the Company’s operations is unknown at this time. In connection with the receipt of the Dispensing Warning Letter, the Company recorded an accrual in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” It is possible that the amount of the Company’s liability could exceed its currently accrued amount. Ethylene Oxide/Sterilization On October 28, 2019, BD entered into a consent order with the Environmental Protection Division of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources (the “EPD”), following the filing of a complaint and motion for temporary restraining order by the EPD seeking to enjoin BD from continuing sterilization operations at its Covington, Georgia facility. Under the terms of the consent order, which has been amended two times upon mutual agreement of BD and EPD, BD voluntarily agreed to a nu mber of operational changes at its Covington and Madison, Georgia facilities, as well as at its distribution center in Covington, designed to further reduce ethylene oxide emissions, including but not limited to operating at a reduced capacity until successful implementation of fugitive emission control technology, ongoing ambient air monitoring and operational controls at such facilities. Following submission of data relating to the implementation of these operational changes, BD was permitted to return to normal operations in December 2021 at its facilities in Georgia in accordance with the operating conditions set forth in its permit applications, including a condition to continue ambient air monitoring. The final air permits for (i) the Covington and Madison facilities and (ii) the Covington distribution center were issued by the EPD on May 5, 2023, and July 2, 2024, respectively. By correspondence dated September 6, 2024, the EPD notified BD that the consent order had been terminated by the full and complete performance of each condition. At a broader level, there is increased focus on the use and emission of ethylene oxide by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) and state environmental regulatory agencies. Additional regulatory requirements associated with the use and emission of ethylene oxide may be imposed in the future, either domestically or outside the U.S. Ethylene oxide is the most frequently used sterilant for medical devices and healthcare products in the U.S., and in certain cases is the only option to sterilize critical medical device products for the safe administration to patients. Any such increased regulation could require BD or sterilization service providers, including providers used by BD, to temporarily suspend operations to install additional emissions control technology, limit the use of ethylene oxide or take other actions, which would impact BD’s operations and further reduce the available capacity to sterilize medical devices and healthcare products, and could also result in additional costs. To this end, BD has proactively installed fugitive emissions controls at our 9 Table of Contents facilities in East Columbus, NE and Sandy, UT. On April 5, 2024, the final National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (“NESHAP”): Ethylene Oxide Emissions Standards for Sterilization Facilities regulation issued by the EPA became effective. Companies generally have two years from the effective date to comply with the new requirements of the NESHAP. We are in the process of implementing certain changes to our facilities in accordance with NESHAP’s requirements, and such measures will require additional implementation and ongoing operational costs, including investments in certain new technologies. In addition, on April 13, 2023, the EPA published a Pesticide Registration Review; Proposed Interim Decision and Draft Risk Assessment Addendum for Ethylene Oxide (“PID”). The EPA has not yet finalized the PID, which regulates the use of ethylene oxide as a sterilant and is intended to mitigate any human health and environmental risks associated with its use. We cannot predict what the final PID adopted by the EPA may require and therefore we are not able to assess the impact on our sterilization facilities, on the sterilization facilities that BD utilizes and on our operations more generally. If any new or existing regulatory requirements or rulemaking result in the suspension, curtailment or interruption of sterilization operations at BD or at medical device sterilizers used by BD, or otherwise limit the availability of sterilization capacity, this could interrupt or otherwise adversely impact production of certain of our products or lead to civil litigation or other claims against BD. BD has business continuity plans in place to mitigate the impact of any such disruptions, although these plans may not be able to fully offset such impact, for the reasons noted above. For further discussion of risks relating to the regulations to which we are subject, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Human Capital Management At BD, our associates are guided by our purpose of advancing the world of health TM and The BD WAY, our cultural foundation that encompasses our core values, servant leadership expectations and the mindset we bring to our work. Our associates are empowered to contribute their unique ideas and experiences to fuel innovation and improve patient outcomes. As of September 30, 2024, BD is comprised of approximately 74,000 associates located in 61 countries. Attracting, developing and retaining talented people in all different functions is crucial to executing our strategy and our ability to compete effectively in a highly competitive medical technology industry. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent depends on several factors, including compensation and benefits, talent development and career opportunities, and our unique culture. To that end, we continually invest in our associates to be an employer of choice. Inclusion, Diversity & Equity For BD, diversity refers to the practice of including the many communities and backgrounds that make up our Company and the world we serve. Diversity reflects our culture of inclusion, welcoming people of all different ethnicities, abilities, cultures, genders, religions, ages, sexual orientation, identity, experiences and tenure, as well as people with diverse opinions, perspectives, lifestyles, and ideas. Our associates possess a broad range of beliefs and experiences which have helped BD achieve our leadership position in the medical technology industry and the global marketplace. A key component of our journey to continually build a better BD is our commitment to global inclusion, diversity and equity (“ID&E”). We believe this commitment, coupled with our purpose and culture, allows us to better understand patient and customer needs and develop innovative technologies to meet those needs. Each year, we establish annual corporate ID&E goals focused on fostering an inclusive workplace — fair treatment, equal access and opportunity, and acceptance for everyone. In addition, our executive leaders serve as sponsors to our nine global Associate Resource Groups (“ARGs”) that enable all associates to contribute their talents and skills to help advance opportunity for everyone. Our ARGs are empowered to set strategic goals aligned with their mission and centered around efforts to advance our company, local communities and each BD associates’ career, while fostering a sense of belonging, allyship, and professional development opportunities. 10 Table of Contents Externally, we are building on our existing momentum and remain involved in efforts to help the medical technology industry in supporting ID&E by improving health equity and expanding access, including by partnering with the Advanced Medical Technology Association (“AdvaMed”). We remain committed to sustaining meaningful, strategic partnerships and programs to help address equitable access to care and advance the health of our communities around the world. This work impacts communities, both in developed and underdeveloped countries. Through the recently launched BD Community Investment Fund, we are investing over $2 million across more than 25 communities in FY2025, where BD has a significant footprint and share of the employment market. Grant recipients are nonprofits with missions that are strategically aligned to BD’s health equity strategy and are working to address equal access to healthcare and social determinants of health in their communities. BD also has a longstanding history of associate volunteerism that is enabled through our partnerships and collaborations with organizations. We sponsor volunteer service trips and other meaningful volunteer opportunities to help strengthen health systems and enable an environment that can maintain critical competencies and resources needed to improve delivery of care. Associates are empowered to serve organizations and causes that are important to them in their local communities. This includes a matching gift program, paid time off to volunteer, and an award program to give grants to organizations in honor of associates who engage in exceptional volunteer efforts. These collective efforts have garnered recognitions including being named among Fortune’s most innovative companies and by TIME as one of the world’s best companies. BD received the Business Group on Health "Best Employers: Excellence in Health & Award" for its commitment to advancing employee , and was recognized as a best place to work for disability inclusion for the sixth consecutive year. In addition, the company was named among America’s Climate Leaders by USA TODAY; the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by 3BL, ranking second in the healthcare equipment and services industry for the second consecutive year. We remain committed and accountable to the work required within our company and beyond our corporate walls to build and maintain equity, acceptance, and accessibility for everyone. BD 2024 Workforce Diverse Representation Gender (Global) Change Race (U.S. Only) Change Executive 29% (1.0)% 23% +0.1% Management 42% +0.7% 30% +0.2% All associates 49% +0.1% 42% (0.8)% For the above table, we define “executives” as associates in positions of vice president and above. “Management” positions are defined as those in manager, director or equivalent roles. Ratios are determined by dividing the number of diverse associates by the total number of associates including associates who have not disclosed race and/or gender. change is a percentage point. Associate Growth and Development At BD we hold ourselves and each other accountable for learning and growing every day, which underscores our growth mindset culture. Our commitment to continuous improvement helps us become the best version of ourselves and we invest significant resources to develop talent with the right capabilities to deliver the growth and innovation needed to support our strategy and customers, both for today and for the future. Our enhanced Strategic Organizational Planning process is focused on building the organizational capabilities required in the years to come, and we offer associates and managers a robust offering of tools to help in their personal and professional development, including career development plans, mentoring programs, and learning opportunities, including BD University, our continuing education curriculum delivered through a " " approach. We remain committed to investing in our next generation of leaders, including by offering our associates a number of leadership development programs, designed to enable our BD 11 Table of Contents culture, cultivate leadership, and develop key organizational skills. We take an inclusive approach to delivering such programs, providing content in various formats that include digital, virtual, and in person. Through these learning opportunities, we aim to help our associates learn when and how they like. Our robust manager curriculum is designed to help our more than 8,000 people managers become more effective servant leaders who are equipped with resources to create work environments that facilitate growth and success. We have also applied our growth mindset philosophy to our performance management approach with an increased focus on continuous learning and development to help us all achieve our best. Associate Engagement As we strive to be an employer of choice, we believe it is critical that our associates are informed, engaged, and can provide feedback. We communicate frequently and transparently with our associates through a variety of communication methods, including video and written communications, town hall meetings, associate surveys, and our company intranet, and acknowledge individual contributions to BD through a number of rewards and recognition award programs. Our efforts to seek ongoing feedback help us better understand what we are doing well and how we can improve the associate experience. In addition to encouraging a culture between associates, their managers, and teams, we conduct employee engagement surveys to provide all associates with an opportunity to share their perspectives and we take appropriate action in response. In addition to helping associates stay engaged, we also work to foster and reinforce an inclusive culture where diverse perspectives are valued. This year, our ARGs continued to host dialogues and panel sessions to advance our business and cultural priorities and engage and foster conversations and awareness among associates. Compensation, Benefits and Our total rewards program is designed to attract and retain top talent and to incentivize performance aligned with our business strategy and values. We offer a comprehensive total rewards program aimed at promoting overall in support of the varying health, , and financial needs of our diverse and global associates. Through our integrated global approach to , we provide support, education, and resources to empower associates across all geographies to prioritize their and build resilience in the physical, emotional, financial, and social areas of life. To enable associates to take action in support of their overall , our total rewards packages (which vary by location) include pay, stock grants and bonuses, healthcare benefits and retirement savings plans, paid time off and family leave, flexible work schedules, health and fitness centers, free physicals and flu vaccinations, education and resources, employee assistance programs and other mental health support and resources. Each year we review and implement program enhancements and investments to ensure our benefits are inclusive and representative of the needs of BD associates and their families. Additionally, over the last several years in the U.S., we have increased efforts to mitigate the impact of rising healthcare costs and to offer more cost effective benefit options, with a specific focus on affordability for BD associates earning $55,000 per year or less. BD is also committed to compensating all associates fairly and equitably for their contributions to company performance. Aligned with our priority focus on pay equity, we regularly conduct comprehensive audits, internal and external analyses, salary benchmarking and bias assessments to identify and remedy unexplained disparities. 12 Table of Contents Available Information BD maintains a website at www.bd.com. BD makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K (and amendments to those reports) as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These filings may be obtained and printed free of charge at www.bd.com/investors. In addition, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Executive Committee and the Quality and Regulatory Committee of the Board of Directors, BD’s Corporate Governance Principles and its Code of Conduct, are available and may be printed free of charge at BD’s website at https://investors.bd.com/ . Printed copies of these materials, this 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and BD’s reports and statements filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, may also be obtained, without charge, by contacting the Corporate Secretary, BD, 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey 07417-1880, telephone 201-847-6800. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. BD also routinely posts important information for investors on its website at www.bd.com/investors. BD may use this website as a means of disclosing material, information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD adopted by the SEC. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations portion of BD’s website noted above, in addition to following BD’s press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this Annual Report. Statements BD and its representatives may from make certain statements in materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the SEC and in its reports to shareholders. Additional information regarding BD’s statements is contained in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. We may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. Business, Economic and Industry Risks Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, could continue to adversely affect our operations. General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, economic slowdown or recession, have contributed to conditions that have impacted, and may continue to impact, demand for our products and services, or the prices we can charge for our products, disrupt aspects of our supply chain, impair our ability to produce our products, increase borrowing costs and exacerbate other risks that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, general economic conditions may impact the healthcare industry, including reductions in capital spending, changes in the delivery of healthcare services and increasing labor disputes or shortages, which could in turn affect demand for our products and services. Both domestic and international markets experienced inflationary pressures in fiscal year 2024 and we expect inflation to persist in the future but at lower levels than in recent years. In addition, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our 13 Table of Contents assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. We have also experienced, and may continue to experience, challenges in our global supply chain, including shortages in supply, or disruptions in production and shipments, of certain materials or components used in our products, and related price increases. While to date, we have been able to manage the challenges associated with these delays and shortages without significant disruption to our business, no assurance can be given that these efforts will continue to be successful. Our international operations subject us to certain business risks. A substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the U.S., and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. Our foreign operations subject us to certain commercial, political and financial risks. In addition to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), our business in these foreign markets is subject to changing political, social, and geopolitical conditions, such as the evolving situations in Ukraine, the Middle East and Asia. These conditions include instability resulting from war, terrorism, insurrections and civil unrest, political conflict, and changing economic conditions, such as inflation, deflation, interest rate volatility and credit availability. Additionally, a number of factors, including U.S. relations with or among the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws and regulations, economic sanctions, export controls, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders, tariffs and other increases in trade protectionism and barriers to market participation, or the weakening or loss of certain intellectual property rights in some countries, may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Foreign regulatory requirements, including those related to the testing, authorization, and labeling of products and import or export licensing requirements, could affect the availability of our products in these markets. In addition to these broader market conditions, our operations may also be impacted by a variety of local factors, such as competition from local companies, local product preferences and requirements, changes in local healthcare payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, changes resulting from new political administrations, and labor force instability. The success of our operations outside the U.S. also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks and manage and staff widespread international operations. These and other factors may adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy in these markets. In addition, our international operations are governed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign laws. Global enforcement of laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by U.S. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. While we have implemented policies and procedures relating to compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. We are also subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that restrict BD from transacting business with, or making investments in, certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to U.S. or foreign economic sanctions or export restrictions. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The medical technology industry is very competitive. We are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of existing competitors and new market entrants. These include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do, as well as firms which are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. Nontraditional entrants, such as technology companies, are also entering into the healthcare industry and some may have greater financial and other 14 Table of Contents resources than we do. We face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services and other factors. Our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer and patient preferences and requirements, including increased focus on products using materials of concern and demand for more sustainable products, and for products incorporating digital capabilities, including artificial intelligence, as well as changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered, such as the transition of more care from acute to settings and increased focus on chronic disease management. In particular, the shift of care from acute to settings may also place financial pressure on hospitals and broader healthcare systems that could result in less demand for our products and services. Cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs, improve clinical results and expand patient access. In addition, changes in regulatory or market standards, including, without limitation, cybersecurity requirements, often require significant investment to maintain compliance to relevant standards. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market and regulatory demands in terms of our product offerings and approaches. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change, discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our current products or subsequently developed products obsolete or less competitive. In some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer (or are attempting to develop) alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. Lower cost producers have also created pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets. The medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than BD. Traditional distributors are also manufacturers of medical devices, providing another source of competition. In addition, healthcare systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. As a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. Group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of our products. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. A substantial amount of our revenue is derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our future sales will continue to come from outside the U.S. The revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the U.S. have been and may continue to be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which are caused by a number of factors, including changes in a country's political and economic policies and inflationary conditions. Furthermore, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. A discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any exchange rate hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can effectively mitigate these risks. 15 Table of Contents Market dynamics, changes in reimbursement practices and coverage policies and payer cost containment measures could affect the demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold. The sale of our products and services, as well as access to them, depends, in part, on the healthcare funding landscape and how healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by public and private payers. Coverage policies and reimbursement levels can vary across the payer community globally, regionally, and locally, and may affect which products customers purchase, the market acceptance rate for new technologies and the prices customers are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. In addition, payers are increasingly challenging the reimbursement models and prices charged for medical products and services. Any changes to the reimbursement landscape, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which could adversely affect customer demand, or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. See “ Reimbursement” under “Item 1. Business.” A global trend towards limiting growth of healthcare costs may also put pressure on medical device or clinical diagnostic pricing. In the U.S., these include purchasing and managed care arrangements. Governments in China and other countries continue to use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, price regulation (such as procurement programs (“VoBP”)), government imposed payback provisions, and changes in reimbursement practices and policies on average selling prices for our products, which have unfavorably impacted our revenues and may continue to impact our results of operations in certain countries. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. New product development requires significant investment in R&D, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property rights, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development, or that we may seek to develop in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. If we are unable to develop and launch new products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be negatively impacted. Even if we successfully develop new products or enhancements or new generations of existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors’ innovations. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The nature and extent of impacts from any such events are highly uncertain and unpredictable. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics. Such events could result in preventative or protective measures or other actions by governments and private health institutions that could negatively impact local or global economic conditions and result in reductions in the demand for certain of our products, negatively impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, public health crises could result in significant volatility in our global supply chain network, including shortages in supply or disruptions or delays in shipments, as well as price increases, of certain materials or components used in our products and increases in transportation costs. 16 Table of Contents The scope and duration of any future public health crisis, the pace at which government restrictions are imposed and lifted, the scope of additional actions taken to mitigate the spread of disease, global vaccination and booster rates, the speed and extent to which global markets and utilization rates for our products fully recover from the disruptions caused by such a public health crisis, and the impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. To the extent any such public health crises affect our operations and global economic conditions more generally, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our business. We sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. A number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health, and similar agencies in other countries. The level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. The availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forgo purchases of our products. We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives, key employees and other associates. Competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with certain technical competencies in some geographies, can be a challenge. Additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with technical, manufacturing and distribution experience to operate our business successfully. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including how BD’s compensation, benefits, work location, corporate culture and work environment compares with those offered by our competitors and other local employers. While there has been a slight improvement in what had been an intensely competitive labor market, there continues to be pressure on skilled labor in certain markets. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base has led to, and may continue to lead to, increased costs, such as an increase in overtime necessary to meet demand and increased wages and benefit costs to attract and retain skilled employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and skilled employees, we could encounter operational disruptions or other negative consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations. Operational Risks Cybersecurity incidents and breaches or breakdowns of our information and technology systems or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on a large number of information and technology (“IT”) systems and related infrastructure, including services provided to us by vendors to operate our business. We collect, use, store, transfer and otherwise process electronic information in our operations, including personal, confidential, or proprietary information of BD and its customers, vendors and other business partners, and patients. Some of our products and systems collect personal, confidential or proprietary information regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some of our products are internet enabled or connect to our IT systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have products and systems that connect to the internet, hospital networks, electronic medical record systems or electronic health record systems. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and (“SaaS”) solutions, (“PaaS”) solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, artificial intelligence, tools and other hardware, software (including software) and technical applications and platforms, including some 17 Table of Contents that are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by vendors, to operate our business. Further, we expect that the breadth and complexity of our IT systems and infrastructure will increase as we expand our product offerings to utilize cloud technologies and potentially artificial intelligence, which present inherent enterprise technology risks, including those related to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, that need to be managed. The foregoing could expose us to further risk of potential breaches, failures, interruptions and disruptions. While we are continuing to modernize our IT systems and infrastructure (such as hardware, software and operating systems), there are still technologies in operation that are more vulnerable to risk of failures, interruptions and disruptions. In addition, while we continue to enhance business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such plans and strategies will be effective or account for all eventualities. We have experienced, and could in the future experience, the failure, interruption or disruption of the functionality of our IT systems and infrastructure, or those of vendors upon which we rely, which could impair our ability or that of our customers, suppliers and other business partners to conduct business, result in the loss of BD trade secrets or otherwise compromise personal, confidential or proprietary information of BD or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of patients, result in efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, result in reputational harm to our business and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. Cyberattacks continue to increase in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are increasingly difficult to detect for periods of time, especially as they relate to attacks on vendors. Such attacks are often carried out by motivated and highly skilled actors, who are increasingly . Our IT systems and infrastructure, as well as those of various third parties on which we rely, have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, a variety of cyberattacks, including, but not limited to, unauthorized access, malicious code execution and/or phishing attacks, which has resulted, and could in the future result, in our and our customers’ personal, confidential or proprietary information being accessed, destroyed, lost, stolen or otherwise compromised and increased costs for cybersecurity measures or remediation. For example, through our cybersecurity monitoring tools and processes, we recently identified incidents of unauthorized activity on a portion of our IT systems, in which certain information relating to BD’s IT infrastructure and service credentials for certain BD Diagnostics Solutions, BD Pyxis TM , and Parata products utilized by laboratories, hospitals and pharmacies (the “Product Service Credentials”) were accessed and/or exfiltrated. After becoming aware of the incidents, BD terminated the unauthorized access, applied additional security measures, and is working with customers to update these Product Service Credentials. While an unauthorized party would have to penetrate a customer’s local network and, in some cases, may also need to be physically present at the instrument in order to use these Product Service Credentials, until these credentials are updated, there is a risk of unauthorized access that may impact the confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of the relevant products and associated systems or data. To date, we have not been made aware of any unauthorized use of these Product Service Credentials. As of the date of this filing, the incidents have not had, and we do not expect them to have, a material impact on BD’s overall business operations, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, certain factors, such as growth through acquisitions, rapid technology evolution, including increased adoption of artificial intelligence, and geopolitical events, have increased cybersecurity risks. In this increasingly hostile environment, we, and our vendors could experience, a loss, unauthorized access to or disclosure or other compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information, including information regarding third parties, such as customers and patients, due to a number of causes, including, but not limited to, the exploitation of system vulnerabilities, cyberattacks, unauthorized access to our products, improper data handling, breakdowns of our IT systems and infrastructure or other cybersecurity incidents or breaches. These cybersecurity incidents and breaches could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position in the market and result in other significant negative consequences, including lost revenue, manufacturing challenges or disruption, diversion of management attention, litigation, regulatory action and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers. 18 Table of Contents Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products, including through cyberattacks, may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions, as well as impact our compliance with privacy, data protection and other laws and regulations and could result in reputational damage and actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. In addition, acquisitions, and the integration of acquired companies into the Company’s existing and future IT systems and infrastructure, including with vendors and processes, inherently presents cybersecurity risks, such as exposing us to vulnerabilities and threats that were previously unknown or unmanaged. While we attempt to mitigate these risks through due diligence, risk assessments and the implementation of cybersecurity controls and protocols during and after the acquisition process, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to prevent, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity incidents or breaches, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have made investments intended to address threats presented by cybersecurity incidents and breaches, continue to dedicate significant resources intended to protect our products and systems from cybersecurity incidents and breaches, and continue to work with government authorities and vendors to detect and reduce the risk of future cybersecurity incidents and breaches, there can be no assurances that these protective measures will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents or breaches that could have a material adverse impact on our business. Cost volatility could adversely affect our operations . Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, labor, freight, energy and other production costs that, in turn, increases the costs of producing and distributing our products. New laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy, conversion and transportation costs, as well as the costs of certain raw materials and components. In particular, we purchase supplies of resins, which are components used to manufacture certain products, and any significant increase in resin costs, whether due to inflationary pressure, supply constraints, regulatory changes or otherwise , could adversely impact future operating results. Increases in oil prices can also increase our packaging and transportation costs. The costs of raw materials, transportation, construction, services, and energy necessary for the production and distribution of our products continues to increase and be volatile. These prices may continue to fluctuate based on many factors beyond our control. While we have implemented cost containment measures, progressed selective price increases and taken other actions to mitigate these inflationary pressures in our supply chain, we may not be able to completely offset all the increases in our operational costs. A reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components could adversely affect our operating results. We purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products, some of which are not available from multiple sources. In addition, for quality assurance, and other reasons, certain raw materials and components are purchased from sole suppliers. The price 

[truncated]