Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 35 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 60 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 61 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 117 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 117 Item 9B. Other Information 117 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 117 PART III 118 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 118 Item 11. Executive Compensation 118 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 118 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 118 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 118 PART IV 119 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 119 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 119 EXHIBIT INDEX 120 SIGNATURES 126 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. General Becton, Dickinson and Company (also referred to herein as "BD") was incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey in November 1906, as successor to a New York business started in 1897. BD’s executive offices are located at 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey 07417-1880, and its telephone number is (201) 847-6800. All references in this Form 10-K to "BD", "the Company", "we", "our" or "us" refer to Becton, Dickinson and Company and its domestic and foreign subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated by the context. BD is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. We provide customer solutions that are focused on improving medication management and patient safety; supporting infection prevention practices; equipping surgical and interventional procedures; improving drug delivery; aiding anesthesiology care; enhancing the diagnosis of infectious diseases and cancers; and advancing cellular research and applications. Business Segments As of September 30, 2025, BD’s operations consisted of three worldwide business segments: BD Medical, BD Life Sciences and BD Interventional. As further discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, effective October 1, 2025, BD reorganized its organizational units into five distinct, segments, based on the nature of BD’s product and service offerings. BD’s new organizational structure is based upon the following five segments: Medical Essentials, Connected Care, BioPharma Systems, Interventional and Life Sciences, which remains a critical part of BD until the separation and combination of our Biosciences and Diagnostic Solutions business with Waters Corporation (“Waters”), as further discussed below, is completed. BD Medical BD Medical produces a broad array of medical technologies and devices that are used to help improve healthcare delivery in a wide range of settings. The primary customers served by BD Medical are hospitals and clinics; physicians’ office practices; consumers and retail pharmacies; governmental and nonprofit public health agencies; pharmaceutical companies; and healthcare workers. BD Medical consists of the following organizational units: 1 Table of Contents Organizational Unit Principal Product Lines Medication Delivery Solutions Peripheral intravenous (“IV”) catheters (conventional, safety); advanced peripheral catheters (guidewire assisted peripherally inserted venous catheters, midline catheters, port access); central lines (peripherally inserted central catheters); acute dialysis catheters; vascular access technology (ultrasonic imaging); vascular care (lock solutions, prefilled flush syringes, disinfecting caps); vascular preparation (skin antiseptics, dressings, securement); IV connectors and extensions sets; drug transfer devices; hazardous drug detection; conventional and safety hypodermic syringes and needles, anesthesia needles (spinal, epidural) and trays; enteral syringes; and sharps disposal systems. Medication Management Solutions IV medication safety and infusion therapy delivery systems, including infusion pumps, dedicated disposables, and IV fluids; medication compounding workflow systems; automated medication dispensing; automated supply management systems; medication inventory optimization and tracking systems; informatics and analytics solutions for enterprise medication management; and pharmacy automation systems. Pharmaceutical Systems Prefillable drug delivery systems - prefillable syringes, safety, shielding and systems and support services (combination product testing, technical and regulatory) - provided to pharmaceutical companies for use as containers for injectable pharmaceutical products, which are then placed on the market as drug/device combinations. Advanced Patient Monitoring Advanced hemodynamic monitoring systems used to measure a patient's heart function and fluid status in surgical and intensive care settings, including noninvasive tissue oximetry systems; hemodynamic and tissue oximetry monitoring systems; pulmonary artery catheters and arterial pressure monitoring products and blood pressure measurement systems. BD Life Sciences BD Life Sciences provides products for the safe collection and transport of diagnostics specimens, and instruments and reagent systems to detect a broad range of infectious diseases, infections and cancers. In addition, BD Life Sciences produces research and clinical tools that facilitate the study of cells, and the components of cells, to gain a better understanding of normal and disease processes. That information is used to aid the discovery and development of new drugs and vaccines, and to improve the diagnosis and management of diseases. The primary customers served by BD Life Sciences are hospitals, laboratories and clinics; blood banks; healthcare workers; physicians’ office practices; academic and government institutions; and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. BD Life Sciences consists of the following organizational units: 2 Table of Contents Organizational Unit Principal Product Lines Diagnostic Solutions Automated blood culturing and tuberculosis culturing systems; microorganism identification and drug susceptibility systems; microbiology laboratory automation and informatics; dehydrated, liquid and plated media for clinical and industrial microbiology applications; molecular testing systems for infectious diseases and women’s health; and rapid diagnostic assays for testing of respiratory infections at point of care. Biosciences Fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers; antibodies and kits for performing cell analysis; reagents for life science research; solutions for gene and protein expression analysis; and clinical oncology, immunological (HIV) and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents, analyzers and informatics. Specimen Management Blood collection systems including wingsets, needles and blood collection tubes, arterial blood gas devices, urine collection kits, molecular research tubes, capillary collection technologies alongside associated products for patient identification,data capture, storage and transportation. BD Interventional BD Interventional provides vascular, urology, oncology and surgical specialty products that are intended to be used once and then discarded or are either temporarily or permanently implanted. The primary customers served by BD Interventional are hospitals , ambulatory surgery centers, individ ual healthcare professionals, extended care facilities, alternate site facilities, and patients via our Homecare business. BD Interventional consists of the following organizational units: Organizational Unit Principal Product Lines Surgery Hernia and soft tissue repair, biological grafts, bioresorbable grafts, biosurgery, and other surgical products, BD Surgiphor™ Antimicrobial Irrigation System, and BD ChloraPrep™ surgical infection prevention products. Peripheral Intervention Percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (“PTA”) balloon catheters, radio frequency ablation catheters, peripheral vascular stents, and stent grafts, vascular grafts, drug coated balloons, ports, biopsy, chronic dialysis, inferior vena catheter filters, endovascular fistula creation devices and drainage products, and atherectomy and thrombectomy systems. Urology and Critical Care Urine management and measurement devices, indwelling, intermittent and external urine catheters, kidney stone management devices, Targeted Temperature Management, and fecal management devices. 3 Table of Contents Acquisitions Edwards Lifesciences’ Critical Care Product Group On September 3, 2024, BD completed the acquisition of Edwards Lifesciences’ Critical Care product group, which was renamed as BD Advanced Patient Monitoring. The fair value of consideration transferred in connection with the acquisition was $3.914 billion. Since the acquisition date, financial results for Advanced Patient Monitoring’s product offerings are being reported as a separate organizational unit within the Medical segment. BD funded the transaction with cash on hand, using net proceeds raised through debt issuances in the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, as further discussed in Note 16, and borrowings under our commercial paper program. Additional information regarding this acquisition is contained in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. Divestitures Proposed Combination of Biosciences and Diagnostic Solutions Business with Waters Corporation On July 13, 2025, BD entered into a definitive agreement to combine its Biosciences and Diagnostic Solutions business with Waters Corporation (“Waters”) in a Reverse Morris Trust (“RMT”) transaction. When the RMT transaction is complete, BD’s Biosciences and Diagnostic Solutions businesses will be to BD shareholders and simultaneously merged with a wholly owned subsidiary of Waters. BD’s shareholders are expected to own approximately 39.2% of the combined company, and existing Waters’ shareholders are expected to own approximately 60.8% of the combined company. In connection with the transaction, BD expects to receive a cash distribution of approximately $4 billion prior to completion of the combination, subject to adjustment for cash, working capital, and indebtedness. The transaction is expected to be generally for U.S. federal income tax purposes to BD and BD’s shareholders and Waters is expected to assume approximately $4 billion of incremental debt. The transaction is expected to close around the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2026, subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals, Waters shareholder approval, compliance with applicable U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) requirements, the receipt of a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding certain matters germane to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the transactions and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. Surgical Instrumentation Platform In August 2023, BD completed the sale of the Interventional segment’s Surgical Instrumentation platform pursuant to a definitive agreement that was signed in June 2023. BD recognized a gain on the sale of approximately $268 million, which was recorded as a component of Other operating expense (income), net in fiscal year 2023. The historical financial results for the Surgical Instrumentation platform have not been classified as a discontinued operation. Additional information regarding this divestiture is contained in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. of Diabetes Care On April 1, 2022, BD completed the separation and distribution of Embecta Corp. (“Embecta”), formerly BD's Diabetes Care business, into a separate, company. The historical results of the Diabetes Care business (previously included in BD’s Medical segment), as well as interest expense related to indebtedness incurred by Embecta prior to the date, have been reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements for all periods prior to the date of April 1, 2022. Additional disclosures regarding our of the Diabetes Care business are provided in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which is incorporated herein by reference. 4 Table of Contents International Operations BD’s products are manufactured and sold worldwide. For reporting purposes, we organize our operations outside the United States as follows: EMEA (which includes Europe, the Middle East and Africa); Greater Asia (which includes countries in Greater China, Japan, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Korea, and Australia and New Zealand); Latin America (which includes Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and South America); and Canada. BD has manufacturing operations outside the United States in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Canada, China, Dominican Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, India, Ireland, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Geographic information with respect to BD’s operations is included under the heading “Geographic Information” in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. For the most part, foreign economic conditions and exchange rate fluctuations have caused the profitability related to foreign revenues to fluctuate more than the profitability related to domestic revenues. BD believes its activities in some countries outside the United States involve greater risk than its domestic business due to the factors cited herein. See further discussion of these risks in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Distribution BD’s products are marketed and distributed in the United States and internationally through independent distribution channels, as well as directly to hospitals and other healthcare related institutions by BD and independent sales representatives. In the United States, BD uses acute care, care, laboratory and drug wholesaler distributors to broadly support our overall disposable product demand from our end user customers, while our capital equipment is mostly sold direct to our end user customers. In international markets, BD’s products are distributed either directly or through distributors, with the practice varying by country. BD’s worldwide sales are not generally seasonal, with the exception of certain medical devices in the Medication Delivery Solutions business unit, and flu diagnostic products in the Diagnostic Solutions business unit, both of which relate to seasonal diseases such as influenza. BD operates consolidated distribution facilities globally in order to better service its customers, optimize logistics, lower facilities costs and reduce finished goods inventory levels. Raw Materials and Components BD purchases many different types of raw materials and components, including plastics, glass, metals, textiles, paper products, agricultural products, electronic and mechanical and various biological, chemical and petrochemical products. BD seeks to ensure continuity of supply by securing multiple options for sourcing. However, there are situations where raw materials and components may only be obtained from one supplier, which are referred to as sole sourced. The use of sole sourced materials and components may be due to sourcing of proprietary and/or patented technology and processes that are intended to provide a unique market differentiation to our product. In other cases, while a raw material or component can be sourced from multiple manufacturers, only one supplier is qualified due to quality assurance, cost or other considerations. To provide alternate sources, BD must complete a rigorous qualification process, which most often includes completion of regulatory registration and approval. If clinical trials are not required, this qualification process can take 3-18 months depending on the criticality of the change. When clinical trials are required, this process may lengthen the qualification phase from one to three years. BD continuously assesses its sole sourced raw materials and components and maintains business continuity plans with its suppliers. BD’s continuity plans may include, but are not limited to, securing secondary supply with alternate suppliers, qualifying alternate manufacturing facilities, maintaining contingency stock, internally developing supply and establishing technology escrow accounts. While BD works closely with its suppliers, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful, and there may be events that cause supply interruption, reduction or termination that adversely impact BD’s ability to manufacture and sell certain products. See further discussion of the risks related to the supply chain and raw materials in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 5 Table of Contents Research and Development BD conducts its research and development (“R&D”) activities at its operating units and across global enterprise centers of excellence located in the United States, India, China, Singapore and Ireland. The majority of BD’s R&D activities are conducted in North America. Outside North America, BD has a significant R&D presence in Greater Asia and Europe. BD also collaborates with certain universities, medical centers and other entities on R&D programs and retains individual consultants and partners to support its efforts in specialized fields. Intellectual Property and Licenses BD owns significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, , copyrights and trademarks in the United States and other countries. BD is also licensed under domestic and foreign patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, , copyrights and trademarks owned by others. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to BD’s business. BD believes, however, that no single patent, technology, trademark, intellectual property asset or license is material in relation to BD’s business as a whole, or to any business segment. Competition BD operates in the increasingly complex and challenging medical technology marketplace. Technological advances and scientific discoveries have accelerated the pace of change in medical technology, the regulatory environment of medical products is becoming more complex and vigorous, and economic conditions have resulted in a challenging market. Companies of varying sizes compete in the global medical technology field. Some are more specialized than BD with respect to particular markets, and some have greater financial resources than BD. New companies have entered the field, particularly in the areas of molecular diagnostics, point of care and testing, devices and in the life sciences. Additionally, established companies have diversified their business activities into the medical technology area. Other firms engaged in the distribution of medical technology products have become manufacturers of medical devices and instruments as well. Acquisitions and collaborations by and among companies seeking a competitive advantage also affect the competitive environment. In addition, the entry into the market of manufacturers has created increased pricing pressures. BD competes in this evolving marketplace on the basis of many factors, including price, quality, innovation, service, reputation, distribution and promotion. The impact of these factors on BD’s competitive position varies among BD’s various product offerings. In order to remain competitive in the industries in which it operates and to boost supply reliability and productivity, BD continues to make investments in R&D, quality management, quality improvement, product innovation, manufacturing and supply chain. See further discussion of the risks relating to competition in the medical technology industry in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Market Access and Reimbursement BD’s customers and their patients rely on public and private payers to reimburse some or all the cost of procedures, products and services. BD actively engages with the payer community, medical societies and other stakeholders in order to navigate market access trends and appropriately communicate value propositions for a broad range of BD medical technologies. However, BD has no direct control over payer with respect to coverage and payment levels for BD products. The manner and level of reimbursement is determined at the payer’s discretion and may depend on a variety of factors, including but not limited to site of care, procedure(s) performed, patient diagnosis, the device(s) and/or drug(s) utilized, available budget, health equity, beneficiary access or a combination of these factors. The providers that we serve are also evaluating changes in the healthcare reimbursement landscape and coverage elements leading to their own on what they will ultimately pay for various medical technologies or procedures, which could positively or negatively impact sales of BD products in any given country for any given product at any given time. 6 Table of Contents Vertical integration of health systems has created a concentrated market among commercial payers in the U.S. and there is an increased focus globally on payment policies that serve to control healthcare spending while also rewarding quality and patient outcomes. Governments around the world continue to consider and transition to payment reforms that would drive improved value and quality- and reimbursement. For example, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’(“CMS”) established a 2030 goal of transitioning all Medicare beneficiaries to a “care relationship” to ensure the agency’s accountability of quality and cost of care. Whether these changes are driven by legislative efforts, strategic alliances or market conditions, the global landscape continues to enhance cost control efforts through “pay for performance” mechanisms and bidding and tender policies that focus on quality and performance. Examining reimbursement and continually assessing the broader healthcare funding landscape is a strategic consideration in the development and marketing of medical technology. Advancing coding, coverage and payment strategies reduce barriers to adoption, improve affordability and are critical to ensuring patient and provider access to medical technologies. Market access strategies are also critical in ensuring commercial priorities are meeting the demand for critical healthcare needs globally and locally. Regulation General BD's operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, antitrust, , marketing, fraud and abuse (including and false claims laws), export control, transportation, product safety and efficacy, employment, labor, privacy and data protection, customs, exports, artificial intelligence (“AI”) and other areas. Many of the agencies enforcing these laws have increased their enforcement activities with respect to medical device manufacturers in recent years. This is part of a general trend toward increased regulation and enforcement activity within and outside the United States. BD’s medical technology products and operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and various other federal and state agencies, as well as by foreign governmental agencies. These agencies enforce laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, advertising, marketing and distribution, and market surveillance of BD’s medical products. The scope of the activities of these agencies, particularly in the Europe, Japan, Latin America and Asia Pacific regions in which BD operates, has been increasing. In order to market or sell most of its products, BD must secure authorization from the FDA and counterpart foreign regulatory agencies. After a device has received 510(k) clearance, premarket (PMA) approval or other marketing authorization for a specific intended use, certain changes, such as a significant change or changes in the design, materials, method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new marketing authorization. The determination as to whether or not a modification or series of modifications require a new marketing authorization is initially left to the manufacturer to assess using available guidance; however, regulators may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until a new marketing authorization is obtained. BD actively maintains quality systems that establish standards for its product design, manufacturing, and distribution processes, in accordance with International Organization for Standardization standards and FDA regulations. Regulatory agencies engage in periodic reviews and inspections of BD’s quality systems, as well as product performance and advertising and promotional materials. These regulatory controls, as well as any changes in agency policies, can affect the time and cost associated with the development, introduction and continued availability of new and existing products. Where possible, BD anticipates these factors in its product development and planning processes. These agencies have the authority to take various administrative and legal actions against BD, such as product recalls, product seizures and other civil and criminal sanctions, for violations of applicable requirements. BD also undertakes voluntary compliance actions, such as voluntary recalls. In some cases, BD may determine that an identified product issue does not require a voluntary recall 7 Table of Contents action. Should a regulator disagree with such a determination, the regulator may require BD to cease marketing of and recall the device until the issue has been corrected. In addition, BD may be required to seek an additional marketing authorization prior to marketing the corrected device. In addition, the federal government has enacted the Sunshine Act provisions requiring BD to publicly report gifts and payments made to physicians and teaching hospitals. Countries outside the United States have enacted similar local laws requiring medical device companies to report transfers of value to healthcare providers licensed in those countries. Failure to comply with these laws could result in a range of fines, penalties and/or other sanctions. Consent Decree with FDA Our U.S. infusion pump organizational unit is operating under an amended consent decree originally entered into by Cardinal Health 303, Inc. with the FDA in 2007 related to its Alaris TM infusion pumps. In 2009, the decree was amended (the “Consent Decree”) to include all infusion pumps manufactured by or for CareFusion 303, Inc., which was acquired by BD in 2015. CareFusion 303, Inc. remains the manufacturer of BD Alaris TM infusion pumps. The Consent Decree is specific to infusion pumps and does not apply to intravenous administration sets, accessories, or other products. Following an inspection that began in March 2020 of our Medication Management Systems’ Infusion quality management system operating out of the site in San Diego, California (CareFusion 303, Inc.), the FDA issued a Form 483 Notice (the “2020 Form 483 Notice”) that contained a number of observations regarding the quality system’s compliance with FDA’s Quality System, reporting of corrections and removals, and Medical Device Reporting (“MDR”) regulations. In December 2021, the FDA issued to CareFusion 303, Inc. a letter of with respect to the Consent Decree (the “ Letter”) stating that, among other things, it had determined that certain of the corrective actions to address the 2020 Form 483 Notice appeared to be adequate, some were still in progress such that adequacy could not be determined yet, and certain others were not adequate (e.g., complaint handling and corrective and preventive actions, design verification and medical device reporting). Per the terms of the Letter, CareFusion 303, Inc. provided the FDA with a proposed comprehensive corrective action plan (“CAP”) and has retained an independent expert to conduct periodic audits of the quality management system operating at the CareFusion 303, Inc. infusion pump facilities through 2025. CareFusion 303, Inc. has and will continue to update its CAP to address any observations that may arise during the course of these audits. In addition, CareFusion 303, Inc. received an additional Form 483 Notice in May 2024 following an FDA inspection (“2024 Form 483 Notice”) that contained observations related to the site’s compliance with the FDA’s quality system regulation (“QSR”) for its Infusion quality management system (covered by the Consent Decree) and QSR and MDR regulation for its separate Dispensing quality management system (which is not subject of the Consent Decree). On November 22, 2024, BD received a Warning Letter from the FDA, which is limited to CareFusion 303, Inc.’s Dispensing quality management system and BD Pyxis TM products (“Dispensing Warning Letter”). See “— FDA Warning Letters” below for further information. The FDA’s review of our responses to the observations specific to the Infusion quality management system in the 2024 Form 483 Notice and the CAP is ongoing, and no assurances can be given regarding further action by the FDA as a result of the observations, including but not limited to action pursuant to the Consent Decree, or that corrective actions proposed by CareFusion 303, Inc. will be adequate to address these observations. Additionally, we cannot currently predict the amount of additional monetary investment that will be incurred to resolve this matter or the matter’s ultimate impact on our business. The Consent Decree authorizes the FDA, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing infusion pumps, recall products and take other actions. We may be required to pay damages of $15,000 per day per violation if we fail to comply with any provision of the Consent Decree, up to $15 million per year. 8 Table of Contents We may be obligated to pay more costs in the future because, among other things, the FDA may determine that we are not fully compliant with the Consent Decree and Letter and therefore impose penalties under the Consent Decree, and/or we may also be subject to future proceedings and litigation relating to the matters addressed in the Consent Decree, including, but not limited to, additional fines, penalties, other monetary remedies, and expansion of the terms of the Consent Decree. As of September 30, 2025, we do not believe that a loss is probable in connection with the Consent Decree, and accordingly, we have no accruals associated with compliance with the Consent Decree. As previously disclosed, on July 21, 2023, BD received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for its updated BD Alaris™ Infusion System, which enabled both remediation and a return to market for the BD Alaris™ Infusion System. This clearance covers updated hardware features for Unit (“PCU”), large volume pumps, syringe pumps, analgesia (“PCA”) pumps, respiratory monitoring and modules. It also covers a new BD Alaris™ Infusion System software version with enhanced cybersecurity, along with interoperability features that enable smart, connected care with electronic medical record systems. To address open recalls and ensure devices at customer sites are running a recent, cleared version of the BD Alaris™ Infusion System Software, BD Alaris™ Infusion System devices in the U.S. market are being remediated or replaced with the updated 510(k) cleared version, which we expect to be substantially complete over the next calendar year. Additionally, on April 25, 2025, BD received 510(k) clearance from the FDA on an updated BD Alaris™ Infusion System. FDA Warning Letters On January 11, 2018, BD received a Warning Letter from the FDA with respect to our former BD Preanalytical Systems ("PAS") unit, citing certain alleged violations of quality system regulations and of law. BD has worked closely with the FDA and implemented corrective actions to address the quality management system concerns identified in the Warning Letter. In March 2020, the FDA conducted a subsequent inspection of PAS which it classified as Voluntary Action Indicated, which means the FDA will not take or recommend any administrative or regulatory action as a result of the unit’s response to the observations associated with the quality management concerns in the inspection. Additionally, in December 2022, the FDA conducted a subsequent inspection of PAS (now Specimen Management) with no observations. We continue to work with the FDA to generate additional clinical evidence and file 510(k)s as remaining commitments associated with the Warning Letter. As of September 30, 2025, we have received eight FDA clearances. The FDA review of these remaining commitments is ongoing, and no assurances can be given regarding further action by the FDA as a result of these commitments, including but not limited to action pursuant to the Warning Letter. As noted above, on November 22, 2024, BD received the Dispensing Warning Letter following an inspection of its Dispensing quality management system at its facility located in San Diego, California, citing certain alleged violations of the quality system regulations, MDR regulation, the corrections and removals reporting regulation and law. BD submitted a comprehensive response to address FDA’s feedback in the Dispensing Warning Letter, which committed to implementing additional corrective actions; however, no assurances can be given regarding further action by the FDA as a result of FDA’s Dispensing Warning Letter, or that corrective actions proposed and taken by CareFusion 303, Inc. will be adequate to address the Dispensing Warning Letter. Any failure to adequately address the Dispensing Warning Letter may result in regulatory actions initiated by the FDA without further notice, which may include, but are not limited to, seizure, injunction and civil monetary penalties. As a result, the ultimate resolution of the Dispensing Warning Letter and its impact on the Company’s operations is unknown at this time. In connection with the Dispensing Warning Letter, the Company recorded a liability for estimated future costs associated with certain actions required to respond to the Warning Letter and to address the . See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” It is possible that the amount of the Company’s liability could exceed its currently accrued amount. 9 Table of Contents Ethylene Oxide/Sterilization There is increased focus on the use and emission of ethylene oxide by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) and state environmental regulatory agencies. Additional regulatory requirements associated with the use and emission of ethylene oxide may be imposed in the future, either domestically or outside the United States. Ethylene oxide is the most frequently used sterilant for medical devices and healthcare products in the United States, and in certain cases is the only option to sterilize critical medical device products for the safe administration to patients. Any such increased regulation could require BD or sterilization service providers, including providers used by BD, to temporarily suspend operations to install additional emissions control technology, limit the use of ethylene oxide or take other actions, which would impact BD’s operations and further reduce the available capacity to sterilize medical devices and healthcare products, and could also result in additional costs. To this end, BD has proactively installed fugitive emissions controls at our facilities in East Columbus, NE and Sandy, UT. On April 5, 2024, the final National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (“NESHAP”): Ethylene Oxide Emissions Standards for Sterilization Facilities regulation issued by the EPA became effective. Companies generally have two years from the effective date to comply with the new requirements of the revised NESHAP. On July 17, 2025, the White House issued a Presidential Proclamation under the Clean Air Act exempting certain sterilization facilities for two years from compliance with the EPA’s revised NESHAP for ethylene oxide emissions from sterilization facilities to allow these facilities more time to obtain and install new control technology and implement other changes to ensure compliance with the revised NESHAP. While BD’s ethylene oxide sterilization facilities received this Presidential compliance exemption we continue to implement certain changes to our facilities in accordance with the revised NESHAP’s requirements, and such measures will require additional implementation and ongoing operational costs, including investments in certain new technologies. In addition, on January 14, 2025, the EPA published a Notice of Availability for a Pesticide Registration Review; Interim Registration Review Decision for Ethylene Oxide (“ID”), which regulates the use of ethylene oxide as a sterilant and is intended to mitigate any human health and environmental risks associated with its use. We are evaluating the requirements of the ID to understand what changes may need to be implemented to comply with the revised pesticide use requirements for ethylene oxide at our sterilization facilities and at the sterilization facilities we utilize. Certain requirements of the ID will become effective as of January 2026 while others will become effective over the next several years. If any new or existing regulatory requirements or rulemaking result in the suspension, curtailment or interruption of sterilization operations at BD or at medical device sterilizers used by BD, or otherwise limit the availability of sterilization capacity, this could interrupt or otherwise adversely impact production of certain of our products or lead to civil litigation or other claims against BD. BD has business continuity plans in place to mitigate the impact of any such disruptions, although these plans may not be able to fully offset such impact, for the reasons noted above. For further discussion of risks relating to the regulations to which we are subject, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Human Capital Management At BD, our success depends upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain a talented, skilled and workforce with diverse backgrounds and experiences at all levels across our organization, worldwide, in the highly competitive medical technology industry. Our related human capital strategy is guided by our purpose of advancing the world of health TM , and THE BD WAY, our cultural foundation that encompasses our core values, leadership expectations and the mindset we bring to our work. Our ability to execute this strategy depends upon several factors, including associate growth and development, compensation and benefits, and fostering a culture of inclusion. We strive to continually invest in our associates with the goal of being an employer of choice for our approximately 72,000 associates located in 61 countries (as of September 30, 2025). 10 Table of Contents Associate Growth and Development We are committed to empowering associates to drive their performance and shape their development within a culture grounded in excellence through performance management, talent development and education. Our performance management approach emphasizes clear goals, continuous learning, timely feedback and disciplined execution with the goal of driving accountability and delivering meaningful results. This approach helps to ensure that associates are supported with the tools, coaching and learning experiences needed to elevate performance and realize their potential. In 2025, we reintroduced performance ratings and calibration to strengthen a culture of performance differentiation and help ensure that rewards align with individual associate impact and contributions to our overall strategic objectives. We invest intentionally in developing our talent with the capabilities needed to advance our strategy and serve our customers and patients. We believe our annual Strategic Organizational Planning process enables us to identify and address the capabilities necessary to advance our strategic goals and talent gaps across our enterprise, and in turn, helps ensure that our workforce is equipped to meet evolving business needs, deliver on strategic priorities. Once identified, we rely on internal education efforts to activate these capabilities and embed them across our enterprise. For example, all associates have access to BD University (“BDU”), our internal learning curriculum that builds core and management capabilities in a range of formats to support learning at scale. To accelerate leadership readiness, BDU also offers targeted, programs, delivered in partnership with external experts, designed to develop leaders and help strengthen our succession planning efforts. Compensation, Benefits and Our total rewards program is designed to attract and retain top talent and to incentivize performance aligned with our business strategy and values. We offer a comprehensive total rewards program aimed at promoting overall in support of the varying health, and financial needs of our global associates. Through our integrated global approach to , we provide support, education and resources to help empower associates across all levels and geographies to prioritize their and build resilience in the physical, emotional, financial and social areas of life. To enable associates to take action in support of their overall , our total rewards packages (which vary by level and location) include pay, stock grants and bonuses, healthcare benefits and retirement savings plans, paid time off and family leave, flexible work schedules, health and fitness centers, free physicals and flu vaccinations, education and resources, employee assistance programs and other mental health support and resources. We periodically review and implement program enhancements and investments to help ensure that our benefits are representative of the needs of BD associates and their families. Additionally, over the last several years in the U.S., we have increased efforts to mitigate the impact of rising healthcare costs and offer more benefit options, with a specific focus on affordability for BD associates earning $55,000 per year or less. We are also committed to compensating all associates fairly and equitably for their contributions to our performance and as part of this commitment, we periodically conduct comprehensive audits, internal and external analyses, salary benchmarking and assessments to identify and remedy compensation disparities. 11 Table of Contents Culture of Inclusion and Philanthropy We believe our commitment to an inclusive workforce, coupled with our purpose and culture, allows us to better understand patient and customer needs and develop innovative technologies to meet those needs. We take pride in building teams with diverse expertise and a deep understanding of the needs of varying populations to best serve our customers and patients worldwide. Our associates possess a broad range of beliefs and experiences that have helped us achieve a leading position in the medical technology industry and the overall global marketplace. Separately, we offer meaningful volunteer opportunities, enabling associates to apply and teach their specific skill sets and capabilities to help strengthen health systems in settings. Associates are also generally empowered to serve causes that are important to them, including through paid time off, a matching gift program and grants earned for nonprofits in honor of associates who engage in exceptional volunteer efforts. In addition, executive leaders serve as sponsors to our nine Associate Resource Groups (“ARGs”). Each ARG has strategic goals aligned with their respective missions, centered around efforts to advance company goals, connect with local communities and support associates with growing their careers. In 2025, BD was named one of America’s Most Innovative Companies by Fortune , among the World’s Best Companies by TIME and World’s Best Employers by Forbes . We received the Business Group on Health “Best Employers: Excellence in Health & Award” for our commitment to advancing employee and, were recognized once again as a best place to work for disability inclusion. In addition, BD was named among the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by 3BL, ranking among the top three in the healthcare equipment and services industry. We remain committed and accountable to the work required within our company and beyond our corporate walls to advance accessible health around the world. Available Information BD maintains a website at www.bd.com. BD makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K (and amendments to those reports) as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These filings may be obtained and printed free of charge at www.bd.com/investors. In addition, the written charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Executive Committee and the Quality and Regulatory Committee of the Board of Directors, BD’s Corporate Governance Principles and its Code of Conduct, are available and may be printed free of charge at BD’s website at https://investors.bd.com/ . Printed copies of these materials, this 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and BD’s reports and statements filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, may also be obtained, without charge, by contacting the Corporate Secretary, BD, 1 Becton Drive, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey 07417-1880, telephone 201-847-6800. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. BD also routinely posts important information for investors on its website at www.bd.com/investors. BD may use this website as a means of disclosing material, information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD adopted by the SEC. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations portion of BD’s website noted above, in addition to following BD’s press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto shall not be deemed to be incorporated into this Annual Report. Statements BD and its representatives may from make certain statements in materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the SEC and in its 12 Table of Contents reports to shareholders. Additional information regarding BD’s statements is contained in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 13 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. We may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. Business, Economic and Industry Risks Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, could continue to adversely affect our operations. General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility (including volatility resulting from the imposition of (and changing policies around) tariffs and related countermeasures), import or export licensing requirements, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, economic slowdown or recession, have contributed to conditions that have impacted, and may continue to impact, demand for our products and services, or the prices we can charge for our products, disrupt aspects of our supply chain, impair our ability to produce our products, increase borrowing costs and exacerbate other risks that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, general economic conditions have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, the healthcare industry, including reductions in capital spending and U.S. federal funding and changes in the delivery of healthcare services, which have affected, and could in the future affect, demand for our products. Both domestic and international markets experienced inflationary pressures in fiscal year 2025 and we expect inflation to persist in the future. In addition, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. We have also experienced, and may continue to experience, challenges in our global supply chain, including shortages in supply, or disruptions in production and shipments, of certain materials or components used in our products and related price increases. While to date, we have been able to manage the challenges associated with these delays and shortages without significant disruption to our business, no assurance can be given that these efforts will continue to be successful. Our international operations subject us to certain business risks. A substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the U.S., and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in new and existing foreign markets. Our foreign operations subject us to certain commercial, political and financial risks. In addition to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), our business in these foreign markets is subject to changing political, social, and geopolitical conditions, such as the continuation and/or escalation of the situation in Ukraine, the Middle East and Asia. These conditions include instability resulting from war, terrorism, insurrections and civil unrest, political conflict and changing economic conditions, such as inflation, deflation, interest rate volatility and credit availability. Specifically, recently enacted or any future tariffs imposed by the U.S. government (and countermeasures by .S. governments) may result in adverse impacts to the global economic environment and the stability of global financial markets, which could alter global trade. The tariffs, sanctions or other trade barriers imposed by the U.S. (and countermeasures by .S. governments) could adversely impact our supply chain costs or availability of certain components, demand for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unpredictability of trade policy compounds this risk. Based upon the latest published tariffs that are currently in effect, we expect tariffs to adversely impact our operating expense for fiscal year 2026 and potentially beyond, primarily relating to any products (or components) imported from countries across our global supply chain, for which there are limited mitigation opportunities. 14 Table of Contents Further, the U.S. Department of Commerce recently initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into (among other things) imports of personal protective equipment, medical consumables and medical equipment (including devices), to determine whether they threaten U.S. national security, which further creates policy uncertainty in terms of tariffs. The ultimate impact of any existing or new tariffs or other changes in international trade policies on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration of such tariffs, changes in tariff rates, the amount, scope and nature of the tariffs, any countermeasures that target countries may take or any mitigating actions that may become available. While sourcing optimization and tariff exemptions for qualifying products are key aspects of our mitigation strategy, the timing of such or the ultimate results we will realize from these efforts are uncertain. In addition, our tariff mitigation strategies may be challenged, rejected or eliminated through legislation or other challenges, or may otherwise not be effective. Additionally, a number of factors, including U.S. relations with or among the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws and regulations, economic sanctions, export controls, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders and other increases in trade protectionism and barriers to market participation, or the weakening or loss of certain intellectual property rights in some countries, may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Foreign regulatory requirements, including those related to the testing authorization, and labeling of products and import or export licensing requirements, could affect the availability of our products in these markets. In addition to these broader market conditions, our operations may also be impacted by a variety of local factors, such as competition from local companies, local product preferences and requirements, changes in local healthcare payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, changes resulting from new political administrations and labor force instability. The success of our operations outside the U.S. also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks, and our strategic staffing plans required to support our international operations. These and other factors may adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy in these markets. In addition, our international operations increase our compliance risk. For example, such international operations are governed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign laws. Global enforcement of and bribery laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. While we have implemented policies, procedures and training related to compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. We are also subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that restrict us from transacting business with, or making investments in, certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to U.S. or foreign economic sanctions or export restrictions. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The medical technology industry is very competitive. We are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of existing competitors and new market entrants. These include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do, as well as firms which are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. Nontraditional entrants, such as technology companies, are also entering into the healthcare industry and some may have greater financial and other resources than we do. We face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services and other factors. 15 Table of Contents Our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer and patient preferences and requirements, including changes in demand as a result of changes to U.S. federal and state policies (affecting products such as pharmaceuticals and vaccines), increased focus on products using materials of concern and demand for more sustainable products, and for products utilizing emerging technologies (such as AI), as well as changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered, such as the transition of more care from acute to settings and increased focus on chronic disease management. In particular, the shift of care from acute to settings may also place financial pressure on hospitals and broader healthcare systems that could result in less demand for our products. Tariffs and other cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector have led to increased competitiveness in terms of product pricing and have resulted and may continue to result in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs, improve clinical results and expand patient access. In addition, changes in regulatory or market standards, including, without limitation, data protection and cybersecurity requirements, often require significant investment for compliance. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market and regulatory demands in terms of our product offerings and approaches. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change, discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our current products or subsequently developed products obsolete or less competitive. In some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer (or are attempting to develop) alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device, such as oral medications. The medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than BD. Traditional distributors are also manufacturers of medical devices, providing another source of competition. In addition, healthcare systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. As a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. Group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of our products. Market dynamics, changes in reimbursement practices and coverage policies, payer cost containment measures and health insurance coverage levels could affect demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold. The sale of our products and services, as well as access to them, depends, in part, on the healthcare funding landscape, how healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by public and private payers and health insurance coverage levels and costs. Coverage policies and reimbursement levels can vary across the payer community globally, regionally and locally, and may affect which products customers purchase, the market acceptance rate for new technologies and the prices customers are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. In addition, payers are increasingly challenging the reimbursement models and prices charged for medical products and services. Any changes to the reimbursement landscape, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which could adversely affect customer demand, or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. See “ Reimbursement” under “Item 1. Business.” A global trend towards limiting growth of healthcare costs may also put pressure on medical device or clinical diagnostic pricing. In the U.S., the Center for Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has proposed the expansion of its Competitive Bidding Program (“CBP”). This proposed expansion would introduce a pricing model that could significantly influence the cost structure of some medical devices in the U.S. healthcare system; specifically, those reimbursed under CMS’ Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetic, Orthotic and Supplies payment system. By leveraging supplier competition to establish payment rates, the CBP mirrors purchasing initiatives seen in international markets, where procurement strategies attempt to prioritize 16 Table of Contents , which could lead to uncertainty with respect to innovation, quality and patient access challenges or supplier attrition, as seen in prior bidding cycles. In addition, we expect recently enacted and proposed changes under legislative debate to Medicare, Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act to impact healthcare coverage, all of which if implemented could adversely affect both the demand and prices customers are willing to pay for our products. Globally, governments in China and other countries continue to use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, price regulation (such as procurement programs (“VoBP”)), government imposed payback provisions, and changes in reimbursement practices and policies on average selling prices for our products, which have unfavorably impacted our revenues and may continue to impact our results of operations in certain countries. Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our business. We sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions and customers could reduce research and development spending and/or delay or avoid purchases of our products in response to economic factors. A number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health and similar agencies in other countries. The level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable and we have seen a reduction in government funding in fiscal year 2025. The availability of governmental research funding has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by policy changes, economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, including the downsizing or reduced funding of certain government agencies. Further, an extended federal government shutdown resulting from a failure to pass budget appropriations, adopt continuing funding resolutions or raise the debt ceiling, together with any other budgetary decisions limiting or delaying government spending, could negatively impact U.S. or global economic conditions. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by continuing to focus on innovation and new product development. New product development requires significant investment in R&D, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property rights and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development, or that we may seek to develop in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. If we are unable to develop and launch new products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be negatively impacted. Even if we successfully develop new products or enhancements or new generations of existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors’ innovations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. A substantial amount of our revenue is derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our future sales will continue to come from outside the U.S. The revenue we report with respect to our international operations has been, and may continue to be, affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which are caused by a number of factors, including changes in a country's political and economic policies, such as tariffs, and inflationary conditions. Furthermore, currency exchange rates have been volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. A discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained 17 Table of Contents in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any foreign currency exchange rate hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the financial impact resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can effectively manage these fluctuations. We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives, key employees and other associates. Competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with certain technical competencies in some geographies, can be a challenge. Additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with technical, manufacturing and distribution experience to operate our business successfully. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including how BD’s compensation, benefits, work location, corporate culture and work environment compares with those offered by our competitors and other local employers. While there has been an improvement in what had been an intensely competitive labor market, there continues to be pressure on skilled labor in certain markets. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base has led to, and may continue to lead to, increased costs, such as an increase in overtime necessary to meet demand and increased wages and benefit costs to attract and retain skilled employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and skilled employees, we could encounter operational disruptions or other negative consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations. Operational Risks Cybersecurity incidents and breaches or breakdowns of our information and technology systems or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on a large number of information and technology (“IT”) systems and related infrastructure, including services provided to us by vendors to operate our business. We collect, use, store, transfer and otherwise process electronic information in our operations, including personal, confidential, or proprietary information of BD and its customers, vendors and other business partners and patients. Additionally, some of our products and systems collect personal, confidential or proprietary information regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some of our products are internet enabled or connect to our IT systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have products and systems that connect to the internet, hospital networks, electronic medical record systems or electronic health record systems. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and (“SaaS”) solutions, (“PaaS”) solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, AI, tools and other hardware, software (including software) and technical applications and platforms, including some that are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by vendors, to operate our business. Further, we expect that the breadth and complexity of our IT systems and infrastructure will increase as we expand our product offerings to utilize cloud technologies and AI, which present inherent enterprise technology risks, including those related to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, that need to be managed. The foregoing could expose us to further risk of potential breaches, failures, interruptions and disruptions, which could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory inquiries or litigation, increased costs and expenses, reputational damage, lost revenue, and fines or penalties. In particular, risks associated with the deployment and use of AI into our operations generally could introduce new risks related to the management of our information and technology systems and related infrastructure and our overall cybersecurity threat landscape. While we are continuing to modernize our IT systems and infrastructure (such as hardware, software and operating systems), there are still legacy technologies in operation that are more vulnerable to risk of failures, interruptions and disruptions. In addition, while we continue to enhance business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such plans and strategies will be effective or account for all eventualities. We have experienced, and could in the future experience, the failure, interruption or disruption of the functionality of our IT systems and infrastructure (or those of vendors upon which we rely), which could impair our ability or that of our customers, suppliers and other business partners to 18 Table of Contents conduct business. Such a disruption could also result in the loss of our trade secrets or otherwise compromise personal, confidential or proprietary information of ours or our customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of patients. Additionally, depending on the nature of such a disruption, it could result in efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, result in reputational harm to our business and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. Cyberattacks continue to increase in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are increasingly difficult to detect in and may go undetected for long periods of time, especially as they relate to attacks on vendors and those utilizing emerging technologies (such as AI). Such attacks are often carried out by motivated and highly skilled actors, who are increasingly . Our IT systems and infrastructure, as well as those of various third parties on which we rely, have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, a variety of cyberattacks, including, but not limited to, unauthorized access, malicious code execution and/or phishing attacks, which could be further exacerbated by rapid technology evolution, including increased adoption of AI and geopolitical events. For example, AI is increasingly being used by malicious actors to create more targeted cyberattacks and spread misinformation. These cyberattacks have resulted, and could in the future result, in our and our customers’ personal, confidential or proprietary information being accessed, destroyed, lost, stolen or otherwise compromised and could lead to increased costs for cybersecurity measures, insurance or remediation and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position in the market and result in other significant negative consequences, including lost revenue, damages or fines, manufacturing challenges or disruption, diversion of management attention, litigation, regulatory action and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products, including through cyberattacks, may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss or alteration of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions, as well as impact our compliance with privacy, data protection and other laws and regulations and could result in reputational damage and actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. In addition, acquisitions and the integration of acquired companies into our existing and future IT systems and infrastructure, including with vendors and processes, inherently present cybersecurity risks, such as exposing us to vulnerabilities and threats that were previously unknown or unmanaged. While we attempt to mitigate these risks through due diligence, risk assessments and the implementation of cybersecurity controls and protocols during and after the acquisition process, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to prevent, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity incidents or breaches, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have made, and expect to continue making, significant investments intended to strengthen our cybersecurity posture—including measures designed to protect our products, systems, and data—we cannot guarantee that these efforts will fully prevent, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity incidents or breaches. We maintain processes designed to monitor, detect and respond to threats and collaborate with government authorities and partners in an effort to reduce risk. However, given the evolving nature, sophistication, scale and frequency of cybersecurity incidents and breaches, no system can be entirely secure. A successful cybersecurity incident or breach could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The development, deployment and use of AI in our products and business operations generally could result in regulatory action, legal liability, operational challenges or reputational harm and our failure to adapt to medical technology industry trends and developments related to AI in a timely manner (or at all) could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have integrated (and expect to continue to integrate) AI into our products and business operations generally. We also expect to continue to develop future uses of AI and expand our existing AI capabilities to include agentic solutions, as well as pursue new AI technology partnerships with third parties. The development, deployment and use of AI (particularly generative AI) is in the early stages and presents various 19 Table of Contents risks, including from confidentiality, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and compliance perspectives, and raises intellectual property issues and legal, regulatory, reputational ethical, operational, technological and other concerns (see, “Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets” and “Cybersecurity incidents and breaches or breakdowns of our information and technology systems or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations” elsewhere in this Item 1A, Risk Factors). Additionally, if we do not effectively adopt and integrate AI into innovative, products in a timely manner, our competitive position could be adversely affected. A reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components could adversely affect our operating results. We purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products, some of which are not available from multiple sources. In addition, for quality assurance, and other reasons, certain raw materials and components are purchased from sole suppliers. Our reliance on sole suppliers can create greater exposure to shortages, magnify price swings and increase the difficulty of negotiating favorable terms. The price and supply of these materials and components has been, and may in the future be, impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control, including supplier shutdowns, supplier capacity constraints, supplier insolvencies, labor disruptions or shortages, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, extreme weather events, tariffs and other geopolitical developments, global economic uncertainty or downturns, sanctions and trade restrictions and other governmental regulatory actions or inactions (such as in the area of materials of concern), including those taken as a result of a prolonged U.S. government shutdown, and any such changes or disruptions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant challenges to our global transportation channels and other aspects of our global supply chain network, including to the cost and availability of energy, raw materials and components due to shortages, labor strikes and cost inflation. We continuously explore alternative routes, transportation modes and replenishment timings to preempt and mitigate associated risks, but no assurance can be given that these efforts will adequately address these challenges and disruptions. While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply and service, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. In addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. The termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these raw materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products, which could have an adverse imp

[truncated]