Inside this report
Strategic report
Our purpose, strategy and culture 1
Business model 2
2025 performance and 
key performance indicators
4
Key approvals in 2025 6
Chair’s statement 8
CEO’s statement 10
Our external environment 11
Research and development 14
Commercial operations 35
Responsible business 47
Our culture and people 59
Risk management and 
disclosure statements 62
Group financial review 79
Corporate governance
The Board and 
Executive Committee
109
Chair’s governance statement 115
Corporate governance architecture 118
Board activities 121
Board committee reports 129
Remuneration report 140
Directors’ report 169
Financial statements
Directors’ statement of responsibilities 172
Independent auditor’s report 174
Financial statements 186
Notes to the financial statements 190
Financial statements of GSK plc 
prepared under UK GAAP 274
Investor information
Financial record 280
Product development pipeline 284
Principal risks and uncertainties 289
Share capital and control 305
Dividends 307
Financial calendar 2026 308
Annual General Meeting 2026 308
Tax information for shareholders 309
Shareholder services and contacts 
US law and regulation 311
Group companies 316
Glossary of terms 324
 
How to navigate this report
Page reference for more 
information within this 
Annual Report
See gsk.com for more 
information 
Our supplements
Our Responsible Business 
Report is available on 
gsk.com
Cover image: Multiple myeloma 
cancer cells among red blood cells 
and antibodies. 
We focus our oncology innovation 
on where we can make the most 
meaningful difference. This includes 
in multiple myeloma, a blood cancer 
where new therapies are needed 
as it commonly becomes resistant 
to available treatments. In 2025, 
we received major approvals for 
Blenrep, including in the US, 
Europe and Japan, for patients 
with multiple myeloma. 
Cautionary statement
See the inside back cover of this document for the cautionary statement 
regarding forward-looking statements. 
Non-IFRS measures
We use a number of adjusted, non-International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
measures to report the performance of our business. Total reported results represent the 
Group’s overall performance under IFRS. Core results and other non-IFRS measures may be 
considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented 
in accordance with IFRS. Core results and other non-IFRS measures are defined on pages 
84 and 85 and reconciliations to the nearest IFRS measures are on page s 95 to 96.
for health impact
+ shareholder returns 
+ thriving people
Our strategy
We prevent and treat disease with specialty medicines, 
vaccines and general medicines. 
We focus on the science of the immune system 
and advanced technologies, investing in four core 
therapeutic areas – respiratory, immunology and 
inflammation; oncology; HIV; and infectious diseases 
– to impact health at scale.
We operate responsibly for all our stakeholders.
Read about how our business model delivers our strategy on page 2
Our culture
We are ambitious for patients, accountable 
for impact and we do the right thing.
Read about our culture and people on page 59
GSK Annual Report 2025
1
Our purpose
We unite science, 
technology and
talent to get ahead
of disease together
As a focused biopharma company, we discover, develop and deliver medicines 
and vaccines to create value for patients and shareholders. We aim to positively 
impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of the decade.
Central to our success
are our people: experts
in science, technology, 
manufacturing and 
commercialisation...
66,800
GSK people across 
70 countries worldwide
33
manufacturing sites
£6.6bn
R&D investment(1) in 2025
18,000
suppliers working directly
with GSK
...who are identifying, 
researching, developing 
and delivering...
Specialty Medicines
Our specialty medicines prevent 
and treat diseases, from asthma, 
cancer and HIV to autoimmune 
diseases like lupus. Many are first 
or best-in-class.
Read more on page 37
General Medicines
Our broad portfolio of general 
medicines, from inhalers for asthma 
and COPD to antibiotics, improve life 
for millions of people around the world. 
Many are market leaders.
Read more on page 42
Vaccines
We have one of the broadest 
portfolios of vaccines in the 
industry, targeting infectious 
diseases at every stage of 
life, helping to protect people 
from meningitis, shingles, RSV, 
hepatitis and many more.
Read more on page 39 
...products that prevent 
and change the course 
of disease in our four core 
therapeutic areas...
Respiratory, immunology 
and inflammation 
We’re harnessing our deep knowledge 
of inflammatory mechanisms and 
the science of the immune system 
to redefine the future of respiratory 
medicine and target lung, liver and 
kidney disease.
Read more on page 17
HIV
For nearly four decades we’ve led the 
way in HIV innovation, pioneering 
medicines that continue to transform 
the lives of people impacted by HIV.
Read more on page 25
Oncology
We focus on where we can make the 
most meaningful difference, applying 
our understanding of the underlying 
drivers of disease to help match the 
right patients with the right treatment  
to improve survival and quality of life. 
 
Read more on page 21
Infectious diseases
We focus on developing prevention 
and treatment options for infectious 
diseases that impact people across 
their lifespan. 
Read more on page 28
(1) Excluding adjusting items. Refer to total to 
core reconciliation on page 95
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Business model
2
…using advanced
technologies…
Pipeline
At every step of the R&D 
process, we are using data 
tech, including AI, and 
platform technologies to 
be faster, more effective 
and more predictive in 
discovering and developing 
innovative medicines and 
vaccines.
Read how technology 
enables our R&D on page 32
Performance
We use technology to 
reach people and patients 
better and faster through 
smart manufacturing; 
helping patients and 
their carers to manage 
their conditions; and 
empowering our people 
to do their best work.
Partnership
We collaborate in new 
ways across the technology 
and biotech industries 
and academia, so that 
we can work with the latest 
advances in expertise and 
technology to get ahead 
of disease together.
...operating responsibly 
for all our stakeholders...
Being a responsible business is vital to our strategy and long-term performance. 
It helps us build and sustain trust with our stakeholders, reduce risk, support our people 
to thrive and deliver positive health impact at scale. We focus on issues that matter to 
our stakeholders, society and business success.
Read more in Responsible Business on page 47
… creating 
value for...
Patients
>2bn
packs of medicines and 
vaccine doses supplied
Shareholders
66p
per share dividend 
The economy
£1.2bn
corporate income tax paid; 
in addition we pay duties, 
levies, transactional and 
employment taxes
...and enabling 
reinvestment to
develop new specialty 
medicines and vaccines
The returns we make set us up to reinvest in discovering and developing new medicines 
and vaccines that are, based on clinical merit, better than what are available to patients 
today. We do this through our own R&D and business development and partnerships. 
Meeting patient need and helping people to live healthier lives eases pressure on 
health systems and supports economic prosperity. 
Our strategy is supported by a robust framework for 
monitoring and managing risk, described on page 63
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Business model continued
3
Financial
We delivered another year of strong performance with growth in sales, core operating profit and 
earnings driven by Specialty Medicines. 
Group turnover (£bn)  
 Turnover by product groups (£bn)  
£32.7bn AER +4% CER +7%
Total operating profit (£bn)  
 Core operating profit (£bn)  
£7.9bn AER +97% CER >100% £9.8bn AER +7%  CER +11%
Total earnings per share (p) Core earnings per share (p)
141.1p AER >100% CER >100% 172.0p AER +8%  CER +12%
Cash generated from operations (£bn)  
 Free cash flow (£bn)  
£8.9bn £4.0bn
We use a number of adjusted, non-IFRS, measures to report the performance of our business. Core results and other non-IFRS measures may be considered 
in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Core results and other non-IFRS measures are defined 
on pages 84 and 85. AER – actual exchange rate; CER – constant exchange rate.
Key performance indicator 
 Linked to executive remuneration. See pages 147 to 149 for more details
(1) Total operating profit and EPS were lower in 2024 primarily due to a charge of £1.8 billion for the Zantac settlement
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
2025 performance and KPIs
4
30.3
31.4
32.7
2023
2024
2025
Specialty Medicines (S)
£13.5bn AER +14% CER +17%
Vaccines (V)
£9.2bn AER –% CER +2%
General Medicines (G)
£10.0bn AER -4%  CER -1%
6.7
4.0
7.9
2023
2024
2025
8.8
9.1
9.8
2023
2024
2025
121.6
63.2
141.1
2023
2024
2025
155.1
159.3
172.0
2023
2024
2025
8.1
7.9
8.9
2023
2024
2025
3.4
2.9
4.0
2023
2024
2025
1
1
S
V
G
Research and development
We continued to strengthen our late-stage pipeline with organic R&D delivery and targeted 
business development, supporting future growth. 
£8bn 5 17
innovation sales        of products 
launched, or with major lifecycle 
innovation expansion, in the last 
five years
major US Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) approvals 
in 2025
assets in phase III/registration
7 58 14
pivotal trial starts assets in the pipeline new partnerships and acquisitions1
The pipeline value and progress            are not reported externally because of their commercial sensitivity.
Read more about our R&D on pages 14 to 34
Responsible business
We are committed to getting ahead of issues that matter for society and for the long-term 
performance of our company. Our Responsible Business Performance Rating           tracks progress 
across our six focus areas: access; global health and health security; environment; inclusion; ethical 
standards; and product governance. 
92% 99m 14%
of our Responsible Business 
Performance Rating metrics 
‘met’ or ‘exceeded’ in 2025
doses of critical vaccines 
delivered to Gavi to help protect 
vulnerable populations in lower 
income countries in 2025
reduction in operational 
carbon emissions since 2024 
(Scope 1 & 2) 
Read more about our performance across our six 
focus areas on pages 47 to 58
Culture
We measure progress on embedding our culture      through our employee surveys. For the past three 
years, our employee engagement scores have consistently been higher than 80% and remain above 
industry benchmarks.2,3  
Read more about our culture and people on page 59
(1) Includes three acquisitions and partnerships announced in early 2026: Noetik, RAPT Therapeutics and Alteogen
(2) Korn Ferry’s general industry benchmark 
(3) For more information on how we tracked employee engagement in 2025, see page 59
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
2025 performance continued
5
We achieved five major product approvals in 2025. Our deep understanding 
of the science of the immune system, combined with advanced technologies, 
is delivering innovative medicines and vaccines that can help transform 
people’s lives.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
5 key approvals in 2025
6
Severe asthma: 
Exdensur 
Respiratory diseases such as severe asthma pose 
significant challenges to millions of patients 
worldwide. In 2025, Exdensur was approved in 
the US for the treatment of severe asthma with 
an eosinophilic phenotype. Its ultra-long-acting 
profile and twice-yearly dosing offers patients 
sustained protection from exacerbations and 
could help reduce hospital stays and limit 
cumulative lung damage. It is also approved for 
patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal 
polyps (CRSwNP) in several other markets.
Multiple myeloma: 
Blenrep
Multiple myeloma is a complex blood cancer that 
is generally considered treatable but not curable, 
with nearly all patients experiencing relapse as the 
disease becomes resistant to available treatments. 
Blenrep, in combination, was approved by the US 
FDA in October 2025 after two or more lines of 
therapy, and in other markets, following one or 
more prior treatment lines. As the only anti-BCMA 
antibody drug conjugate (ADC) that is accessible 
across healthcare settings, including in community 
centres where 70% of patients receive care, 
Blenrep could fulfil a major patient need.
Read more on page 17 
Read more on page 21 Multiple myeloma cancer cells among 
red blood cells and antibodies 
 Lungs
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
5 key approvals in 2025 continued
7
COPD: 
Nucala
Many chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 
(COPD) patients experience persistent symptoms 
and exacerbations – acute episodes of worsening 
symptoms – which can result in hospitalisation 
and irreversible lung damage. In May, Nucala was 
approved by the US FDA for use in adults with 
COPD characterised by an eosinophilic phenotype, 
providing an important option for COPD patients. 
The approval was based on data which included a 
reduction of exacerbations leading to hospitalisation 
and/or emergency department visits. 
uUTI and uncomplicated gonorrhoea: 
Blujepa
More than half of all women experience an 
uncomplicated urinary tract infection (uUTI) in 
their lifetime. In 2025, Blujepa was approved in 
the US as an oral treatment for uUTI. It was also 
approved in the US for uncomplicated gonorrhoea 
which affects both men and women, and can 
lead to infertility and other reproductive health 
complications. Blujepa is the first in a new class 
of oral antibiotics for these conditions in nearly 
30 years. 
Invasive meningococcal disease: 
Penmenvy
Invasive meningococcal disease (IMD) is a rare 
but devastating illness that can progress rapidly 
and lead to death or long-term, life-changing 
consequences. Penmenvy, our new 5-in-1 vaccine 
for IMD, was approved in the US in 2025 and is 
now part of the adolescent meningococcal 
immunisation schedule. By reducing the number of 
injections needed for protection, Penmenvy could 
increase immunisation rates and help protect 
more young people from this serious disease. 
Read more on page 18
Read more on page 30
Read more on page 28
 Meningococcal serogroups ABCWY
 Eosinophils among red blood cells
E.coli bacteria
IMultiple myeloma cancer cells
As 2025 drew to a close, GSK turned 
the page on a significant chapter. 
Having led an extensive 
transformation of GSK, Emma 
Walmsley stepped down as CEO at 
the end of December and handed 
over to Luke Miels, previously our  
Chief Commercial Officer. 
The Board and I are grateful to Emma 
for her outstanding leadership; and 
we look forward to the even brighter 
future we have ahead with Luke, as 
he builds on the momentum we have 
and leads GSK into the next phase of 
its transformation. 
Strategic progress 
GSK has a long and proud heritage, 
but a decade ago it quite clearly 
wasn’t fulfilling its potential for 
patients or shareholders. When 
Emma became CEO in 2017, she 
seized the opportunity to reinvigorate 
the company’s performance and 
restore its leadership in science – 
including of course through the 
demerger of Haleon in 2022 to 
create a focused biopharma 
company with a re-set balance 
sheet to invest in innovation.
On almost every measure, GSK is 
now a changed company – with a 
confident, ambitious purpose; clear 
strategic priorities; a stronger pipeline 
and more balanced portfolio; a 
sharper focus on capital allocation; 
and a reformed culture where talented 
people can focus on what matters 
most and be accountable for delivery. 
At the same time, GSK has kept 
what makes the company special 
– a distinctive focus on people 
and patients, a truly global reach 
and a deep commitment to doing 
the right thing. 
2025 performance
GSK’s performance in 2025 
exemplified the strengthening of 
all the fundamentals of the strategy: 
total sales, core operating profit and 
core earnings per share all grew, 
driven in particular by very strong 
performance of Speciality Medicines, 
with double-digit sales growth in 
respiratory, immunology and 
inflammation (RI&I), oncology 
and HIV. Indeed the fourth quarter 
of 2025 marked the 19th consecutive 
quarter of sales growth(1) for GSK, 
demonstrating the consistent new 
standard to which the company  
is now operating. 
Alongside strong financial performance, 
there was also excellent progress in 
R&D with five major product approvals 
achieved. These mark the start of a 
series of major launches expected 
before 2031. 
The pipeline has also been 
significantly strengthened through 
internal and externally acquired assets, 
particularly in RI&I and oncology and 
we continue to invest significantly 
in the transformational capability 
afforded by AI/ML. 
The Board also remains committed 
to the company’s long-standing 
proactive approach to operating 
responsibly, evident in 92% of 
Responsible Business Performance 
Rating metrics being ‘met’ or 
‘exceeded’ in 2025 – see page 48. 
Leadership transition
Positioning GSK for the next phase 
of growth was front of mind as we 
embarked on seamlessly selecting 
and transitioning to GSK’s next CEO. 
At the outset the Board thought 
deeply about its ambitions for the 
company in its next chapter and the 
skills and attributes that we wanted 
in a CEO. Central to this was what 
was needed to deliver increased 
value recognition for the company. 
As such, we sought an individual 
with ambition and excellent global 
biopharma pipeline development and 
commercialisation experience; and an 
understanding of the levers available 
within GSK to drive delivery and 
generate new options for growth. 
Guided by these criteria, our search 
was rigorous, including internal and 
external candidates and it is worth 
noting that Emma’s recruitment 
of outstanding talent and their 
development strengthened this 
process immeasurably. 
In Luke, we have selected the 
outstanding candidate. His experience 
and demonstrated contribution to 
GSK, including building the Specialty 
Medicines portfolio, make him 
exceptionally well qualified to lead 
the company. Luke believes in creating 
value by delivering the best possible 
outcomes for patients, founded on 
deep scientific expertise and courage 
coupled with operational excellence. 
On the following pages, you’ll hear 
more from Luke on his perspective 
and ambitions for the company. 
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Chair’s statement
8
(1) At CER and excluding COVID-19 pandemic 
sales
While succession was a key focus 
for the Board during the year, other 
priorities including remuneration 
were important. We were pleased 
with strong shareholder support for 
the updated Remuneration Policy 
at the 2025 AGM that enabled us to 
approach succession with confidence 
in attracting the right candidates. 
The new policy locks in incentives 
for management to outperform and 
aligns management compensation 
even more with shareholder 
experience.
Next phase of transformation
As Luke steps into his new role, there 
are three key priorities for him, his 
management team, and the Board 
to deliver the next phase of GSK’s 
transformation. 
First, leading management to fulfil 
GSK’s ambitious 2031 revenue outlook1 
and deliver sustained shareholder 
value creation. This primarily means 
executing excellent launches of newly 
approved products, including in 
cancer and respiratory disease, and 
opportunities in the late-stage pipeline 
before the end of the decade.
Second, that GSK can drive the 
next wave of innovation and growth 
beyond 2031, including through 
deploying capital to targeted business 
development to further strengthen 
the pipeline. GSK has cultivated a 
deep expertise in the science of the 
immune system and is taking this 
further to target an emerging portfolio 
of potentially differentiated medicines 
that can outperform the competition 
including in lung, liver and kidney 
disease as well as cancer. If the next 
wave of innovation coming through 
the pipeline is realised, there is a clear 
pathway to deliver patient benefit, 
at scale, and drive competitive 
growth beyond 2031. 
Third, the Board is acutely aware 
that these priorities can only be 
fulfilled through ambitious adoption 
of technology. This is an area where 
GSK has already made significant 
strides. In October, the Board spent 
two days getting hands-on with the 
tech tools that are transforming how 
GSK works, from development to 
manufacturing and marketing. 
There remains profound potential 
for advanced technologies, including 
AI, to bring medicines and vaccines 
to patients with more precision, pace 
and probability of success. The focus 
now should be on embedding these 
technologies at scale to ensure GSK 
remains competitive and invests time, 
resources and capabilities in the 
right areas. 
External environment
The current geopolitical operating 
landscape is undeniably dynamic 
and requires agile leadership to 
respond to these challenges and at 
the same time stay focused on clear 
business priorities and longer-term 
fundamentals. The Board is pleased 
by the way GSK has navigated the 
pressures in the external environment 
this year, including in our largest 
market the United States. This has 
involved diligently working to ensure 
that innovation is both fairly rewarded 
and accessible to the patients who 
need it, as seen in the pricing 
agreement which Emma and her 
team reached with the US 
Administration in December. 
The Board continues to believe that 
GSK’s business model, with its R&D 
focus and investment in technology 
capabilities, is well set to meet 
societal needs now and in the future. 
The convergence of increasing 
demand on health systems and 
advances in technology is creating an 
unprecedented need and opportunity 
to move towards new models of care 
that strengthen access to innovative 
medicines and vaccines and enable 
earlier action to keep people well. 
By delivering this innovation, GSK can 
create sustained value for patients, 
shareholders, healthcare systems, 
economies and society at large.
Shareholder returns
Robust performance in 2025 
coincided with a significant rise 
in the value of GSK’s shares and 
improved shareholder returns, 
including payment of a dividend 
of 66p, up from 61p in 2024. This is 
welcome and reflects more tangible 
market appreciation of the value in 
our pipeline and consistent delivery 
of our outlooks. 
However, the Board is very aware that 
GSK’s share price has underperformed 
for many years and this marks only 
the start of a long-awaited recovery. 
Under Luke’s leadership we are 
determined to build on the progress 
seen during 2025 and continue to 
deliver significantly improved 
shareholder returns over the short 
and longer term.
Conclusion
On behalf of the Board, and everyone 
at GSK, we wish Emma all the very best 
as she embarks on new adventures – 
and thank her once again for all she 
delivered at GSK. I would also like to 
thank the Board for their work this 
year, particularly in delivering the 
successful CEO transition. Jesse 
Goodman stepped down from the 
Board at the 2025 AGM and we wish 
him well in his next endeavours; and 
we welcome Dr Gavin Screaton, Head 
of Medical Sciences at the University 
of Oxford, who joined the Board in 
May 2025.
GSK’s transformation is also enabled 
by the tens of thousands of people 
working around the world, who strive 
every day to bring medicines and 
vaccines to the people who need 
them. Many thanks to you, as well 
as our partners and shareholders, 
for your continued commitment.
Together, with Luke, we look forward 
to delivering even greater impact for 
patients, shareholders and our people 
in 2026. 
Sir Jonathan Symonds
Chair
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Chair’s statement continued
9
(1) See assumptions and basis of preparation 
related to 2026 Guidance, 2021-26 and 2031 
Outlooks on the inside back cover
It is a privilege to lead GSK into its 
next phase of growth as CEO and 
I am encouraged by the collective 
determination to realise new levels 
of performance for patients and 
shareholders.
Strong 2025 performance1
GSK delivered another strong 
performance in 2025, with sales up 
7% to more than £32 billion. Core 
operating profit grew 11% and core 
earnings per share rose 12%. Cash 
generation was strong at £8.9 billion, 
supporting future investment and 
returns to shareholders, including 
the dividend of 66 pence.
Growth was driven by a 17% increase 
in sales of Specialty Medicines with 
double-digit growth in oncology; 
respiratory, immunology and 
inflammation; and HIV. Vaccines 
sales increased by 2%, while 
General Medicines sales fell by 1%. 
Good R&D progress also continued, 
with five major product approvals 
and several acquisitions and new 
partnerships to strengthen the 
pipeline further.
We also maintained our high 
standards for being a responsible 
business.
Looking ahead to 2026, we expect 
momentum to continue with another 
year of profitable growth. 
Key focus areas to drive value 
We have a clear strategy to develop 
a high-quality portfolio of specialty 
medicines and vaccines. The priority 
now is delivery and overall operational 
execution.
There are three areas where we 
are focused to drive value in 2026. 
First, drive topline growth by 
maximising launch products – 
not least Exdensur, our new ultra-
long-acting biologic for asthma 
and Blenrep, for multiple myeloma.
Second, accelerate key assets in our 
late-stage portfolio like our oncology 
ADCs; and in our earlier portfolio, like 
our long-acting TSLP for COPD and 
regimen selection for our 6-monthly 
treatment for HIV.
And third, continue to execute 
business development where we see 
a clear pathway to value creation. 
Our acquisition of IDRx in 2025, and 
more recently RAPT Therapeutics, 
are examples of this.
Underpinning this will be a drive to 
simplify how we work – with greater 
pace, accountability and focus. 
This starts with matching our best 
people and resources to the best 
opportunities to create value. 
We’ll also have an increased focus 
on leveraging the practical use of 
technology, including AI.
Evolving GSK to create value 
for shareholders
Looking forward, I see two clear 
priorities to create value for 
shareholders.
The first is topline. This means 
delivering our sales ambition for 
2031 and addressing the loss of 
dolutegravir exclusivity.
Second is pipeline. Accelerating R&D 
is our biggest opportunity to create 
value as a company. We need to go 
faster with what we have and add to it 
through smart business development. 
We also need our labs to produce 
more competitive products. 
To achieve this, we need to evolve 
the company. 
Building on our strong patient-led 
purpose and culture, we must be 
more product-centric. Everyone in 
the company should be clear on 
how they are helping to bring better 
products to patients. 
And to accelerate the pipeline, we 
need to have more scientific courage 
and be more agile to capitalise on 
opportunities when we see them. 
Conclusion
Thank you to all our people and 
partners who have driven our strong 
performance in 2025.
For the long term, we know what 
we need to do to create value for 
shareholders and p

---

stor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Group financial review continued
Adjusting items continued
97
Cash generation and conversion
A summary of the consolidated cash flow statement is set out 
below.
2025
£m
2024 
£m
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating 
activities  7,741  6,554 
Total net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing 
activities  (4,233)  (1,229) 
Total net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing 
activities  (3,685)  (4,726) 
Increase /(decrease) in cash and bank 
overdrafts  (177)  599 
Cash and bank overdrafts at beginning of year  3,403  2,858 
Exchange adjustments  (19)  (54) 
Increase/(decrease) in cash and bank 
overdrafts  (177)  599 
Cash and bank overdrafts at end of year  3,207  3,403 
Cash and bank overdrafts at end of year 
comprise:
Cash and cash equivalents  3,397  3,870 
Overdrafts  (190)  (467) 
 3,207  3,403 
Reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating 
activities to free cash inflow
A reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities, 
which is the closest equivalent IFRS measure to free cash flow, is 
shown below.
2025
£m
2024 
£m
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating 
activities  7,741  6,554 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (1,348)  (1,399) 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and 
equipment  24  65 
Purchase of intangible assets  (1,637)  (1,583) 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets  115  131 
Net finance costs  (525)  (494) 
Dividends from associates and joint ventures  67  15 
Contingent consideration paid (reported in 
investing activities)  (17)  (19) 
Distributions to non-controlling interests  (391)  (416) 
Contribution from non-controlling interests  –  9 
Free cash inflow  4,029  2,863 
Capital expenditure and financial investment
Cash payments for tangible fixed assets amounted to £1,348 
million (2024: £1,399 million) and intangible fixed assets 
amounted to £1,637 million (2024: £1,583 million) and disposals 
realised £139 million (2024: £196 million). Cash payments to 
acquire equity investments amounted to £92 million (2024: £103 
million) and sales of equity investments realised £189 million 
(2024: £2,356 million).
Free cash flow
Free cash flow is the amount of cash generated by the Group 
after meeting our obligations for contingent consideration, 
interest, tax and dividends paid to non-controlling interests, 
and after capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets.
2025
£m
2024
£m
Free cash inflow  4,029  2,863 
Total contingent consideration cash payments in 2025 were 
£1,347 million (2024: £1,254 million). £1,330 million (2024: £1,235 
million) of these were recognised in cash flows from operating 
activities, including cash payments made to Shionogi & Co. Ltd 
(Shionogi) of £1,277 million (2024: £1,190 million). These 
payments are deductible for tax purposes.
Future cash flow
Over the long term, we expect that future cash generated from 
operations will be sufficient to fund our operating and debt 
servicing costs, normal levels of capital expenditure, obligations 
under existing licensing agreements, expenditure arising from 
restructuring programmes and other routine outflows including 
tax, pension contributions and dividends, subject to the 
‘Principal risks and uncertainties’ discussed on pages 289 to 
304. We may from time to time have additional demands for 
finance, such as for acquisitions and share repurchases. We 
have access to multiple sources of liquidity from short and long-
term capital markets and financial institutions for such needs, in 
addition to the cash flow from operations.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Group financial review continued
98
Financial position and resources
2025
£m
2024 
£m
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment  9,322  9,227 
Right of use assets  726  846 
Goodwill  7,018  6,982 
Other intangible assets  16,748  15,515 
Investments in associates and joint ventures  89  96 
Other investments  1,037  1,100 
Deferred tax assets  6,520  6,757 
Derivative instruments  –  1 
Other non-current assets  2,148  1,942 
Total non-current assets  43,608  42,466 
Current assets
Inventories  5,924  5,669 
Current tax recoverable  288  489 
Trade and other receivables  7,471  6,836 
Derivative financial instruments  121  109 
Liquid investments  9  21 
Cash and cash equivalents  3,397  3,870 
Assets held for sale  300  3 
Total current assets  17,510  16,997 
Total assets  61,118  59,463 
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings  (3,012)  (2,349) 
Contingent consideration liabilities  (1,348)  (1,172) 
Trade and other payables  (15,381)  (15,335) 
Derivative financial instruments  (75)  (192) 
Current tax payable  (498)  (703) 
Short-term provisions  (938)  (1,946) 
Liabilities relating to assets held for sale  (139)  – 
Total current liabilities  (21,391)  (21,697) 
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings  (14,708)  (14,637) 
Deferred tax liabilities  (291)  (382) 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits  (1,687)  (1,864) 
Derivative financial instruments  (67)  – 
Other provisions  (610)  (589) 
Contingent consideration liabilities  (5,385)  (6,108) 
Other non-current liabilities  (1,023)  (1,100) 
Total non-current liabilities  (23,771)  (24,680) 
Total liabilities  (45,162)  (46,377) 
Net assets  15,956  13,086 
Total equity  15,956  13,086 
Property, plant and equipment
Our business is science-based, technology-intensive and highly 
regulated by governmental authorities. We allocate significant 
financial resources to the renewal and maintenance of our 
property, plant, equipment and vehicles to minimise risks of 
interruption to production and to ensure compliance with 
regulatory standards. A number of our processes use hazardous 
materials.
The total cost of our property, plant and equipment at 
31 December 2025 was £20,214 million, with a net book value of 
£9,322 million. Of this, land and buildings represented £2,543 
million, plant, equipment and vehicles £4,271 million and assets 
in construction £2,508 million. In 2025, we invested £1,373 million 
in new property, plant and equipment.

---

ncome statement;  
– Consolidated statement of comprehensive income;
– Consolidated balance sheet; 
– Consolidated statement of changes in equity; 
– Consolidated cash flow statement; and
– Notes 1 to 47 to the financial statements, which includes the 
material accounting policy information.
Parent company
– Company balance sheet;
– Company statement of changes in equity; and
– Notes A to K to the company balance sheet, which include 
the company material accounting policy information.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the 
preparation of the Group financial statements is applicable law, 
United Kingdom adopted international accounting standards 
and IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB. The 
financial reporting framework that has been applied in the 
preparation of the Parent company financial statements is 
applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, 
including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United 
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).
2. Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in 
the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements section of our report. 
We are independent of the Group and the Parent company in 
accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the 
Financial Reporting Council’s (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard as 
applied to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. The non-audit services provided to the Group and 
Parent company for the year are disclosed in the Audit & Risk 
Committee report within the Corporate Governance section of 
the Annual Report on page 134 and Note 8 to the financial 
statements. We confirm that we have not provided any non-
audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard to the 
Group or the Parent company. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
3. Summary of our audit approach
Significant changes in our approach
Following the settlement of Zantac product litigation matter in 
2024 and its subsequent payment of £1.8 billion we have not 
included the valuation of provisions and contingent liabilities for 
significant legal proceedings as a key audit matter for the 
current year audit. 
Key audit matters
The key audit matters that we identified in the current year were:
– Valuation of US Returns and Rebates (RAR) accruals
– Valuation of the ViiV Healthcare Shionogi contingent 
consideration liability
– Valuation of other intangible assets
– Valuation of uncertain tax positions, including transfer pricing
Materiality
– The materiality that we used for the group financial 
statements was £350 million (2024: £300 million) which was 
determined on the basis of Profit before tax, Core profit 
before tax, Revenue and Net cash flows from operations.
Scoping
The following components were subject to audit procedures as 
well as the assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls 
over financial reporting: Belgium, Canada, China, France, 
Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, United Kingdom and United 
States, as well as Australia which was brought into scope in the 
current year.
Our audit scope addressed 81% (2024: 80%) of the Group’s 
revenue, 85% (2024: 79%) of the Group’s profit before tax and 
84% (2024: 87%) of the Group’s total assets.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Independent Auditor’s report to the members of GSK plc
174
4. Audit scope and execution
The design of our audit approach reflects the group structure, 
utilising data extracted from the company’s ERP system, to 
effectively address risks of material misstatement as well as fulfil 
our responsibilities around the direction, supervision and review 
of the audit work performed by component teams. Our audit 
approach can be summarised into the following areas that 
enabled us to obtain the evidence required to form an opinion 
on the Group and Parent company financial statements:
Use of audit technology. The central control and common 
systems throughout the Group enables us to deploy and utilise 
process and data analytics across the breadth of the Group, 
providing a more detailed understanding of the flow of 
transactions, enabling us to focus our risk assessment and 
design targeted audit testing procedures.
We embed technology throughout our audit to improve quality 
and effectiveness, including in the areas of planning and 
scoping, project management, risks and controls assessment, 
substantive testing and reporting insights to management and 
the Audit & Risk Committee. At planning stage, we use our 
automated scoping tool to identify any unusual trends or 
fluctuations within account balances and geographies, 
particularly within untested balances to reduce the risk of 
material misstatement to an acceptably low level.
To support our iterative risk assessment process, across all 
significant account balances, we have used web scanning 
technology. This assists with identifying additional information 
regarding industry matters in the jurisdictions in which GSK 
operates as well as any unusual trends or account balances 
that might indicate a risk of material misstatement, supporting 
our judgement in analysing residual untested balances. We 
have factored the impact of this information into our risk 
assessment and design of substantive procedures within the 
relevant account balances and other aspects of the audit, 
including going concern and post balance sheet events.
Our data analytical tools allow us to scrutinise large 
transactional data sets for unusual trends, characteristics, 
outliers or transaction flows to support our identification of 
audit risks. For example, we analysed US RAR data by product 
and payment channel to identify products where; there are high 
values of tota

---

fts  (190)  (467)  (78) 
 3,207  3,403  2,858 
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Consolidated cash flow statement
for the year ended 31 December 2025
189
1. Presentation of the financial statements 
Description of business
GSK is a global biopharma group which prevents and treats 
disease with specialty medicines, vaccines and general 
medicines. GSK focuses on the science of the immune system 
and advanced technologies, investing in four core therapeutic 
areas: respiratory, immunology and inflammation; oncology; 
HIV; and infectious diseases.
Compliance with applicable law and IFRS
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting 
standards in conformity with the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2006 and the IFRS Accounting Standards as 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
Composition of the consolidated financial 
statements
The consolidated financial statements are for the Group 
consisting of GSK plc and its subsidiaries. The consolidated 
financial statements are drawn up in Sterling, the functional 
currency of GSK plc, and in accordance with the presentation 
requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards. The consolidated 
financial statements comprise:
– Consolidated income statement
– Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
– Consolidated balance sheet
– Consolidated statement of changes in equity
– Consolidated cash flow statement
– Notes to the financial statements
Composition of the Group
A list of the subsidiaries and associates which, in the opinion of 
the Directors, principally affected the amount of profit or net 
assets of the Group is given in Note 45, ‘Principal Group 
companies’.
Financial period
These consolidated financial statements cover the financial 
year from 1 January to 31 December 2025, with comparative 
figures for the financial years from 1 January to 31 December 
2024 and, where appropriate, from 1 January to 31 December 
2023. 
Accounting principles and policies
The Directors have, at the time of approving the consolidated 
financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group 
has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for 
the foreseeable future. Thus, the financial statements have 
been prepared on a going concern basis and using the 
historical cost convention, modified to include revaluation to fair 
value of certain financial instruments, contingent consideration 
liabilities, pension assets and liabilities and employee share 
plans, as stated in the accounting policies. 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with the Group’s accounting policies approved by 
the Board as described in Note 2, ‘Accounting principles and 
policies’. 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles 
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of 
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual 
results could differ from those estimates. Note 3, ‘Critical 
accounting judgments and key sources of estimation 
uncertainty’ provides details on the critical judgements that 
management have applied that have the most significant 
effect on the consolidated financial statements and the key 
sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant risk of 
resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amount of 
assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group 
has evaluated the potential effects of both physical and 
transition climate-related risks, along with planned mitigation 
efforts, on the valuation of assets and liabilities; with 
consideration of the risks outlined in our climate-related 
financial disclosures.
As of 31 December 2025, the Group has determined that 
climate-related risks do not have a material impact on the 
significant judgements and estimates and, as a result, the 
valuation of the assets or liabilities have not been impacted. 
The Group has reviewed the recoverable values of key assets 
impacted such as property, plant and equipment, inventories, 
goodwill, and intangible assets given their potential exposure to 
climate-related risks, as well as the Group’s planned transition 
efforts.
Among the risks identified is our reliever MDI medication 
(Ventolin). The Group is responding to this risk by transitioning 
to a lower-carbon propellant. This transition is not anticipated 
to materially affect the recoverable amounts, or estimated 
useful lives, of related property, plant and equipment. 
Additional information can be found in Note 17, 'Property, plant 
and equipment'.
While the Group does not foresee any significant medium-term 
impact at present, it remains aware of the evolving nature of 
climate-related risks. The Group continues to evaluate the 
implications on judgements and estimates, as well as on any 
potential effects on the preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements.
Parent company financial statements
The financial statements of the parent company, GSK plc (‘the 
Company’), have been prepared in accordance with FRS 101 
‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ and the Companies Act 2006. 
The Company balance sheet is presented on page 274 and the 
accounting policies are given on pages 275 to 278.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Notes to the financial statements
190
2. Accounting principles and policies
Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include:
– the assets and liabilities, and the results and cash flows, of 
the company and its subsidiaries, including ESOP Trusts;
– the Group’s share of the results and net assets of associates 
and joint ventures; and
– the Group’s share of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses 
of joint operations
The fina

---

lect movements in the fair value 
of the liability and the actual cash payments made to settle 
the liability.
The cash payments are reflected in the cash flow statement 
partly in operating cash flows and partly within investing 
activities. All cash payments are now reflected in operating 
activities. The tax relief on these payments is reflected in the 
Group’s Adjusting items as part of the tax charge. The part of 
each payment relating to the original estimate of the fair value of 
the contingent consideration on the acquisition of the Shionogi-
ViiV Healthcare joint venture in 2012 of £659 million is reported 
within investing activities in the cash flow statement and the part 
of each payment relating to the increase in the liability since the 
acquisition is reported within operating cash flows.
Movements in contingent consideration payable to Shionogi 
were as follows:
2025
£m
2024
£m
Contingent consideration at beginning 
of the year  6,061  5,718 
Remeasurement through income statement
and other movements  649  1,533 
Cash payments: operating cash flows  (1,277)  (1,190) 
Contingent consideration at end of the year  5,433  6,061 
Of the contingent consideration payable (on a post-tax basis) 
to Shionogi at 31 December 2025, £1,194 million (31 December 
2024: £1,127 million) is expected to be paid within one year.
Exit rights as at 31 December 2025
As at 31 December 2025 Pfizer could request an IPO of ViiV 
Healthcare at any time and if either GSK did not consent to 
such IPO, or an offering is not completed within nine months, 
Pfizer could require GSK to acquire its shareholding. Under the 
original agreements, GSK had the unconditional right, so long 
as it made no subsequent distribution to its shareholders, to 
withhold its consent to the exercise of the Pfizer put option and, 
as a result, in accordance with IFRS, GSK did not recognise a 
liability for the put option on its balance sheet. However, during 
Q1 2016, GSK notified Pfizer that it had irrevocably given up this 
right and accordingly recognised the liability for the put option 
on the Group’s balance sheet during Q1 2016 at an initial value 
of £1,070 million. Consistent with this revised treatment, at the 
end of Q1 2016 GSK also recognised liabilities for the future 
preferential dividends anticipated to become payable to Pfizer 
and Shionogi on the Group’s balance sheet.
Also, as at 31 December 2025, Pfizer had the right to require 
GSK to acquire its shareholding in ViiV Healthcare in certain 
circumstances at any time. A put option liability is therefore 
recorded on the Group’s balance sheet as a current liability. It is 
measured on the gross redemption basis derived from an 
internal valuation of the ViiV Healthcare business.
The closing balances of the liabilities related to Pfizer’s 
shareholding are as follows:
2025
£m
2024
£m
Pfizer put option  822  915 
On 19 January 2026, GSK reached agreement with Pfizer and 
Shionogi for the 11.7% economic interest in ViiV Healthcare 
currently held by Pfizer to be replaced with an investment by 
Shionogi. Details of this agreement are set out in Note 47, ‘Post 
balance sheet events’.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Group financial review continued
Reporting framework continued
86
Under the original agreements, Shionogi could also have 
requested GSK to acquire its shareholding in ViiV Healthcare in 
six-month windows commencing in 2017, 2020 and 2022. GSK 
had the unconditional right, so long as it made no subsequent 
distribution to its shareholders, to withhold its consent to the 
exercise of the Shionogi put option and, as a result, GSK did not 
recognise a liability for the put option on its balance sheet. 
However, during Q1 2016, GSK notified Shionogi that it had 
irrevocably given up this right and accordingly recognised the 
liability for the put option on the Group’s balance sheet during 
Q1 2016 at an initial value of £926 million. In Q4 2016, Shionogi 
irrevocably agreed to waive its put option and, as a result, GSK 
de-recognised the liability for this put option on the Group’s 
balance sheet directly to equity. The value of the liability was 
£1,244 million when it was de-recognised.
GSK also has a call option over Shionogi’s shareholding in ViiV 
Healthcare, which under the original agreements was 
exercisable in six-month windows commencing in 2027, 2030 
and 2032. GSK has now irrevocably agreed to waive the first 
two exercise windows, but the last six-month window in 2032 
remains. As this call option is at fair value, it has no value for 
accounting purposes.
Reporting definitions
Brand names and partner acknowledgements
Brand names appearing in italics throughout this document are 
trademarks of GSK or associated companies or used under 
licence by the Group.
Core operating margin
Core operating margin is Core operating profit divided by 
turnover. Core operating profit is a key financial measure used 
by management to evaluate performance.
General Medicines
General Medicines are usually prescribed in the primary 
care or community settings by general healthcare practitioners. 
For GSK, this includes medicines for inhaled respiratory, 
dermatology, antibiotics and other diseases.
Non-controlling interest
Non-controlling interest is the equity in a subsidiary not 
attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent.
Percentage points
Percentage points of growth which is abbreviated to ppts.
RAR (Returns and Rebates)
GSK sells to customers, both commercial and government 
mandated contracts, with reimbursement arrangements that 
include rebates, chargebacks and a right of return for certain 
pharmaceutical products principally in the US. Revenue 
recognition reflects gross-to-net sales adjustments as a result. 
These adjustments are known as the RAR accruals and are a 
source of significant estimation uncertainty and fluctuation, 
which can have a material impact on reported revenue from 
one accounting period to the next. 
Risk adjusted sales
Pipeline risk-adjusted sales are based on the latest internal 
estimate of the probability of technic

---

t relating to the original estimate of 
the fair value of the contingent consideration on acquisition is 
reported within investing activities in the cash flow statement 
and the part of each payment relating to the increase in the 
liability since the acquisition date is reported within operating 
cash flows. 
Where fair value of the consideration transferred, together with 
the non-controlling interest, exceeds the fair value of the assets, 
liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired, the excess is 
recorded as goodwill. The costs of effecting an acquisition are 
charged to the income statement in the period in which they 
are incurred. 
Goodwill is capitalised as a separate item in the case of 
subsidiaries and as part of the cost of investment in the case of 
joint ventures and associates. Goodwill is denominated in the 
currency of the operation acquired.
Where fair value of the consideration transferred is below the 
Group’s interest in the net assets acquired, the difference is 
recognised directly in the income statement.
Where not all of the equity of a subsidiary is acquired, the non-
controlling interest is recognised either at fair value or at the 
non-controlling interest’s share of the net assets of the 
subsidiary, on a case-by-case basis. Changes in the Group’s 
ownership percentage of subsidiaries where control is not lost 
are accounted for within equity. 
Foreign currency translation
Foreign currency transactions are booked in the functional 
currency of the Group company at the exchange rate ruling on 
the date of transaction. Foreign currency monetary assets and 
liabilities are retranslated into the functional currency at rates of 
exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Exchange 
differences are included in the income statement.
On consolidation, assets and liabilities, including related 
goodwill, of overseas subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, 
are translated into Sterling at rates of exchange ruling at the 
balance sheet date. The results and cash flows of overseas 
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are translated into 
Sterling using average rates of exchange which approximate to 
the actual exchange rates on the date of the transactions. 
Exchange adjustments arising when the opening net assets and 
the profits for the year retained by overseas subsidiaries, 
associates and joint ventures are translated into Sterling, less 
exchange differences arising on related foreign currency 
borrowings which hedge the Group’s net investment in these 
operations are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in a separate component of equity within retained 
earnings. Foreign currency borrowings used to hedge net 
investments in foreign operations are accounted for in 
accordance with IFRS 9, with hedge documentation and 
effectiveness testing maintained as required.
When translating into Sterling the assets, liabilities, results and 
cash flows of overseas subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures which are reported in currencies of hyper-inflationary 
economies, adjustments are made where material to reflect 
current price levels. Any gain or loss on net monetary position is 
charged to the consolidated income statement.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Notes to the financial statements continued
191
Revenue
Turnover
The Group receives revenue for supply of goods to external 
customers against orders received. The majority of contracts 
that GSK enters into relate to sales orders containing single 
performance obligations for the delivery of pharmaceutical and 
vaccine products. The average duration of a sales order is less 
than 12 months so there is no significant element of financing.
Revenue from the product sales is recognised when control of 
the goods is passed to the customer. The point at which control 
passes is determined by each customer arrangement, but 
generally occurs on delivery to the customer. 
Revenue from the product sales represents net invoice value 
including fixed and variable consideration. Variable 
consideration arises on the sale of goods as a result of 
discounts and allowances given and accruals for estimated 
future returns and rebates. Revenue is not recognised in full until 
it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of 
cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. The methodology 
and assumptions used to estimate rebates and returns are 
monitored and adjusted regularly in the light of contractual and 
legal obligations, historical trends, past experience and 
projected market conditions. Estimates associated with returns 
and rebates are revisited at each reporting date or when they 
are resolved and revenue is adjusted accordingly. Please refer 
to Note 3, 'Critical accounting judgements and key sources of 
estimation uncertainty' for the details on rebates, discounts and 
allowances.
The Group has entered into collaboration agreements, typically 
with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies to 
develop, produce and market medicines and vaccines that do 
not qualify as joint arrangements. When GSK has control over 
the commercialisation activities and considers itself as a 
principal in the arrangement, the Group recognises turnover 
and cost of sales on a gross basis. Profit sharing amounts and 
royalties due to the counterparty are recorded within cost of 
sales. Cost of sales includes net recoveries of cost of £1 million 
(2024: cost of £7 million; 2023: net recoveries of cost of 
£45 million) from profit sharing arrangements and royalties due 
to the counterparty. When the counterparty controls the 
commercialisation activities and records the sale, the Group is 
not the principal in the customer contract and instead records 
its share of gross profit as co-promotion income, on a net basis, 
within turnover. The nature of co-promotion activities is such 
that the Group records no costs of sales. Reimbursements to 
and from the counterparty under collaboration agreements for 
‘selling, general and administration’ and ‘research and 
development’ costs are

---

575  4,928 
 6,289  2,951  5,308 
Basic earnings per share (pence) 15  141.1  63.2  121.6 
Diluted earnings per share (pence) 15  138.8  62.2  119.9 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 December 2025
 
Notes
2025
£m
2024
£m
2023
£m
Total profit for the year  6,289  2,951  5,308 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income statement:
Exchange movements on overseas net assets and net investment hedges 37  231  (392)  (22) 
Reclassification of exchange movements on liquidation or disposal of overseas subsidiaries 
  and associates 37  (12)  (87)  (34) 
Fair value movements on cash flow hedges  (41)  –  (1) 
Cost of hedging  4  (4)  – 
Reclassification of cash flow hedges to income statement  36  4  4 
Deferred tax on fair value movements on cash flow hedges  (2)  1  1 
 216  (478)  (52) 
Items that will not be reclassified to income statement:
Exchange movements on overseas net assets of non-controlling interests 37  (18)  (4)  (25) 
Fair value movements on equity investments  215  (100)  (244) 
Tax on fair value movements on equity investments  (20)  17  14 
Fair value movements on cash flow hedges  –  8  (40) 
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit plans  133  506  71 
Tax credit/(charge) on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  (33)  (122)  (41) 
 277  305  (265) 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year 37  493  (173)  (317) 
Total comprehensive income for the year  6,782  2,778  4,991 
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Shareholders  6,227  2,406  4,636 
Non-controlling interests  555  372  355 
Total comprehensive income for the year  6,782  2,778  4,991 
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Consolidated income statement
for the year ended 31 December 2025
186
Notes
2025
£m
2024
£m
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 17  9,322  9,227 
Right of use assets 18  726  846 
Goodwill 19  7,018  6,982 
Other intangible assets 20  16,748  15,515 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 21  89  96 
Other investments 22  1,037  1,100 
Deferred tax assets 14  6,520  6,757 
Derivative financial instruments 43  –  1 
Other non-current assets 23  2,148  1,942 
Total non-current assets  43,608  42,466 
Current assets
Inventories 24  5,924  5,669 
Current tax recoverable 14  288  489 
Trade and other receivables 25  7,471  6,836 
Derivative financial instruments 43  121  109 
Liquid investments 29  9  21 
Cash and cash equivalents 26  3,397  3,870 
Assets held for sale 27  300  3 
Total current assets  17,510  16,997 
Total assets  61,118  59,463 
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings 29  (3,012)  (2,349) 
Contingent consideration liabilities 32  (1,348)  (1,172) 
Trade and other payables 28  (15,381)  (15,335) 
Derivative financial instruments 43  (75)  (192) 
Current tax payable 14  (498)  (703) 
Short-term provisions 31  (938)  (1,946) 
Liabilities relating to assets held for sale 27  (139)  – 
Total current liabilities  (21,391)  (21,697) 
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings 29  (14,708)  (14,637) 
Deferred tax liabilities 14  (291)  (382) 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits 30  (1,687)  (1,864) 
Derivative financial instruments 43  (67)  – 
Other provisions 31  (610)  (589) 
Contingent consideration liabilities 32  (5,385)  (6,108) 
Other non-current liabilities 33  (1,023)  (1,100) 
Total non-current liabilities  (23,771)  (24,680) 
Total liabilities  (45,162)  (46,377) 
Net assets  15,956  13,086 
Equity
Share capital 36  1,349  1,348 
Share premium 36  3,498  3,473 
Retained earnings 37  10,209  7,796 
Other reserves 37  1,321  1,054 
Shareholders’ equity  16,377  13,671 
Non-controlling interests  (421)  (585) 
Total equity  15,956  13,086 
The financial statements on pages 186 to 273 were approved by the Board on 4 March 2026 and signed on its behalf by
Sir Jonathan Symonds
Chair
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Consolidated balance sheet
for the year ended 31 December 2025
187
Shareholders’ equity
Share
capital
£m
Share
premium
£m
Retained
earnings
£m
Other
reserves*
£m
Total
£m
Non-
controlling 
interests
£m
Total
equity
£m
At 31 December 2022  1,347  3,440  4,363  1,448  10,598  (502)  10,096 
Profit for the year  –  –  4,928  –  4,928  380  5,308 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year  –  –  (45)  (247)  (292)  (25)  (317) 
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year  –  –  4,883  (247)  4,636  355  4,991 
Distributions to non-controlling interests  –  –  –  –  –  (412)  (412) 
Contributions from non-controlling interests  –  –  –  –  –  7  7 
Dividends to shareholders  –  –  (2,247)  –  (2,247)  –  (2,247) 
Realised after tax gains/(losses) on disposal or liquidation of 
   equity investments  –  –  (26)  26  –  –  – 
Share of associates and joint ventures realised gains/(losses)
  on disposal of equity investments  –  –  (7)  7  –  –  – 
Shares issued  1  9  –  –  10  –  10 
Write-down of shares held by ESOP Trusts  –  –  (324)  324  –  –  – 
Shares acquired by ESOP Trusts  –  2  283  (285)  –  –  – 
Share-based incentive plans  –  –  307  –  307  –  307 
Hedging gain/(loss) after taxation transferred to non-financial assets  –  –  –  36  36  –  36 
Tax on share-based incentive plans  –  –  7  –  7  –  7 
At 31 December 2023  1,348  3,451  7,239  1,309  13,347  (552)  12,795 
Profit for the year  –  –  2,575  –  2,575  376  2,951 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year  –  –  (83)  (86)  (169)  (4)  (173) 
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year  –  –  2,492  (86)  2,406  372  2,778 
Distributions to non-controlling interests  –  –  –  –  –  (416)  (416) 
Contributions from non-controlling interests  –  –  –  –  –  9  9 
Changes to non-controlling interests  –  –  –  –  –  4  4 
Dividends to shareholders  –  –  (2,444)  –  (2,444)  –  (2,444) 
Deconsolidation of former subsidiary  –  –  –  –  –  (2)  (2) 
Realised after tax gains/(losses) on disposal or liquidation of 
   equity investments  –  –  14  (14)  –  –  –

---

, 
applying tax rates that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted by the balance sheet date. The tax charge for the 
period is recognised in the consolidated income statement, the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income or directly in 
equity, according to the accounting treatment of the related 
transaction.
Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on 
temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets 
and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated 
financial statements. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the 
extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be 
available against which the temporary differences can be 
utilised. Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences 
arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures, except where the timing of the reversal of the 
temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that 
the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable 
future. Deferred tax is provided using rates of tax that have 
been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax 
liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same 
tax authority and the company and its subsidiaries intend to settle 
their current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the 
temporary differences arise from the initial recognition of 
goodwill or from the initial recognition of other assets and 
liabilities in a transaction (other than a business combination) 
that affects neither the accounting nor the taxable profit or loss. 
The exception to this is situations where there are equal taxable 
and deductible temporary differences arising from the same 
transaction. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed 
at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it 
has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the 
deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Where an uncertain tax position is identified, management will 
make a judgement as to what the probable outcome will be, 
assuming the relevant tax authority has full knowledge of the 
situation. Where it is assessed that an economic outflow is 
probable to arise, a provision is made for the best estimate of 
the liability. In estimating any such liability GSK applies a risk-
based approach which takes into account, as appropriate, the 
probability that the Group would be able to obtain 
compensatory adjustments under international tax treaties. 
These estimates take into account the specific circumstances of 
each dispute and relevant external advice.
Restructuring
Costs of restructuring arise from restructuring programmes that 
are planned and controlled by the Group. A provision for 
restructuring is recognised when there is a detailed formal plan 
in place, and management has created a valid expectation by  
announcing the main features of the plan to those affected by 
it, or has started implementation. 
Discounting
Where the time value of money is material, balances are 
discounted to current values using appropriate discount rates. 
The unwinding of the discounts is recorded in finance income 
and finance expense.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Notes to the financial statements continued
2. Accounting principles and policies continued
196
Assets and liabilities held for sale or distribution 
and discontinued operations
Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for 
sale or distribution if their carrying amount will be recovered 
principally through sale or a distribution to shareholders rather 
than through continuing use, they are available for immediate sale 
or distribution in their present condition and the sale or distribution 
is considered highly probable and expected to be completed 
within one year. Assets classified as held for sale or distribution are 
measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less 
costs to sell or distribute. Assets classified as held for sale or 
distribution are not depreciated or amortised. Assets and liabilities 
classified as held for sale or distribution are presented in current 
assets and current liabilities separately from the other assets and 
liabilities in the balance sheet. 
A discontinued operation is a component of the Group that has 
been disposed of, distributed or is classified as held for sale or 
distribution and that represents a separate major line of 
business or geographical area of operations. The results of 
discontinued operations are presented separately in the 
consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income and the consolidated statement of cash 
flows and comparatives are restated on a consistent basis. 
Share buyback
Where the Group purchases the Company’s equity instruments, for 
example as a result of a share buyback programme, the 
consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental 
costs (net of income taxes), is deducted from retained earnings as 
Treasury shares until the shares are cancelled or re-issued. Where 
such ordinary shares are subsequently re-issued, any consideration 
received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction 
costs and the related income tax effects, is included in 
shareholders’ equity. Where it is determined that the terms and 
conditions of a contract to purchase the Company’s shares results 
in the Group being unable to cancel the obligation arising under 
the contract, a financial liability is recognised for the unavoidable 
obligation.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025
Notes to the financial statements continued
2. Accounting principles and policies continued
197
3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of
    estimation uncertainty 
In preparing the financial statements, management is requi

---

licies continued
194
Investments in associates, joint ventures and 
joint operations
Investments in associates and joint ventures are carried in the 
consolidated balance sheet at the Group’s share of their net 
assets at date of acquisition and of their post-acquisition 
retained profits or losses and other comprehensive income 
together with any goodwill arising on the acquisition. 
Distributions received/receivable from the associates are 
accounted for as a reduction in the investment in associates 
carrying amount. The Group recognises the assets, liabilities, 
revenue and expenses of joint operations in accordance with its 
rights and obligations. 
Inventories
Inventories are included in the consolidated financial 
statements at the lower of cost (including raw materials, direct 
labour, other direct costs and related production overheads) 
and net realisable value. Cost is generally determined on a first 
in, first out basis. Pre-launch inventory is held as an asset when 
there is a high probability of regulatory approval for the 
product. Before that point a provision is made against the 
carrying amount to reduce it to its net realisable value; the 
provision is then reversed at the point when a high probability of 
regulatory approval is determined.
Financial instruments
Financial assets
Financial assets are measured at amortised cost, fair value 
through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or fair value 
through profit or loss (FVTPL). The measurement basis is 
determined by reference to both the business model for 
managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow 
characteristics of the financial asset. For financial assets other 
than trade receivables a 12-month expected credit loss (ECL) 
allowance is recorded on initial recognition. If there is 
subsequent evidence of a significant increase in the credit risk 
of an asset, the allowance is increased to reflect the full lifetime 
ECL. If there is no realistic prospect of recovery, the asset is 
written off. 
Expected credit losses are recognised in the income statement 
on financial assets measured at amortised cost and at fair 
value through other comprehensive income apart from equity 
investments.
Other investments
Other investments comprise equity investments and investments 
in limited life funds. The Group has elected to designate the 
majority of its equity investments as measured at FVTOCI. They 
are initially recorded at fair value plus transaction costs and 
then remeasured at subsequent reporting dates to fair value. 
Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in other 
comprehensive income. On disposal of the equity investment, 
gains and losses that have been deferred in other 
comprehensive income are transferred directly to retained 
earnings. 
Investments in limited life funds are measured at FVTPL. They 
are initially recorded at fair value and then remeasured at 
subsequent reporting dates to fair value. Unrealised gains and 
losses are recognised in the income statement.
Dividends on equity investments and distributions from funds 
are recognised in the income statement when the Group’s right 
to receive payment is established. 
Purchases and sales of other investments are generally 
accounted for on the settlement date, except for regular-way 
purchases and sales of listed investments traded on a regulated 
stock exchange, which are accounted for on the trade date.
Trade receivables
Trade receivables are measured in accordance with the 
business model under which each portfolio of trade receivables 
is held. The Group has portfolios in each of the three business 
models under IFRS 9: to collect the contractual cash flows 
where there is no factoring agreement in place (measured at 
amortised cost); to sell the contractual cash flows where the 
trade receivables will be sold under a factoring agreement 
(measured at FVTPL); and both to collect and to sell the 
contractual cash flows where the trade receivables may be sold 
under a factoring arrangement (measured at FVTOCI). Trade 
receivables measured at amortised cost are carried at the 
original invoice amount less allowances for expected credit 
losses.
In accordance with IFRS 9, trade receivables under factoring 
arrangements are derecognised when the Group has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the 
receivables, including credit risk. Consistent with the underlying 
nature of the activity, the cash inflows from factoring 
arrangements are recognised within cash flows from operating 
activities.
Expected credit losses are calculated in accordance with the 
simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, using a provision 
matrix applying lifetime historical credit loss experience to the 
trade receivables. The expected credit loss rate varies 
depending on whether, and the extent to which, settlement of 
the trade receivables is overdue and it is also adjusted as 
appropriate to reflect current economic conditions and 
estimates of future conditions. For the purpose of determining 
credit loss rates, customers are classified into groupings that 
have similar loss patterns. The key drivers of the loss rate are the 
nature of the business unit and the location and type of 
customer.
When a trade receivable is determined to have no reasonable 
expectation of recovery it is written off, firstly against any 
expected credit loss allowance available and then to the 
income statement. 
Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously provided for or 
written off are credited to the income statement. Long-term 
receivables are discounted where the effect is material.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash comprises cash in hand and on-demand deposits at 
bank. 
Cash equivalents include cash in transit, deposits made with 
banks or financial institutions with a maturity of three months or 
less from the date of acquisition and are measured at 
amortised cost. Investments in money market funds are held at 
fair value through profit or loss because the funds fail the solely 
payments of principal and interest on principal outstanding 
(SPPI) test.
Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor informat