Admission to Trading GSK PLC 24 July 2026 Issued: 24 July 2026, London UK Admission to trading In conformity with PRM 1.6.4R, GSK plc notifies the market that ordinary shares of 31¼ pence each ('Ordinary Shares') have been admitted to trading as set out in the table below. The Ordinary Shares have been admitted to trading under existing block listing admissions of Ordinary Shares in connection with the "GlaxoSmithKline plc Share Save Plan 2022". 1a Issuer name GSK plc 1b Issuer LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 2 Regulated market on which the securities have been admitted to trading London Stock Exchange - Main Market 3 Name, type and ISIN of the securities Ordinary Shares of 31¼ pence each ISIN: GB00BN7SWP63 4 Number of further securities admitted to trading covered by this notification 70,759 5 Total number of securities admitted to trading following admission 4,316,292,310 6 Fungibility Fully fungible with existing Ordinary Shares 7 Date range covered by the notification 29 May 2026 - 24 July 2026 8 Prospectus information N/A V A Whyte Company Secretary 24 July 2026 About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at www.gsk.com . Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and