BETA Close X GSK plc announced that Non-Executive Director Dr. Hal Barron acquired 2,279.563 notional American Depositary Shares (ADS) for $49.5200 each on August 14, 2026, as part of his Executive Supplemental Savings Plan, and also acquired 73 ADS for the same price in his 401(k) plan, both through dividend reinvestment on the New York Stock Exchange. Additionally, SVP and Group General Counsel James Ford acquired 53.890 notional ADS and President, US Maya Martinez-Davis acquired 82.133 notional ADS at $49.5200 each on the same date and for the same reason, all of which are initial notifications of these transactions. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 18 August 2026 GSK plc (the ' Company ') Transaction notification 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Dr H al Barron b) Position/status Non-Executive Director c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument American Depositary Shares ('ADS') ISIN: US37733W2044 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of notional ADS within Dr Barron's GSK Executive Supplemental Savings Plan account following the reinvestment of dividends c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) $49.5200 2,279.563 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-14 f) Place of the transaction New York Stock Exchange (XNYS) 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name James Ford b) Position/status SVP and Group General Counsel, Legal and Compliance c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument American Depositary Shares ('ADS') ISIN: US37733W2044 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of notional ADS within Mr Ford's GSK Executive Supplemental Savings Plan account following the reinvestment of dividends c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) $49.5200 53.890 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-14 f) Place of the transaction New York Stock Exchange (XNYS) 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Maya Martinez-Davis b) Position/status President, US c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument American Depositary Shares ('ADS') ISIN: US37733W2044 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of notional ADS within Ms Martinez-Davis's GSK Executive Supplemental Savings Plan account following the reinvestment of dividends c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) $49.5200 82.133 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-14 f) Place of the transaction New York Stock Exchange (XNYS) 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Dr Hal Barron b) Position/status Non-Executive Director c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument American Depositary Shares ('ADS') ISIN: US37733W2044 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of ADS within Dr Barron's GSK 401(k) plan account following the reinvestment of dividends c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) $49.5200 73 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-08-14 f) Place of the transaction New York Stock Exchange (XNYS) About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at www.gsk.com . Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 29 minutes ago Tharisa (DI) 1 hour ago PayPoint 1 hour ago Tritax Big Box Reit 1 hour ago Rockfire Resources 1 hour ago Sirius Real Estate Ltd. All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and