BETA Close X GSK plc has completed its acquisition of RAPT Therapeutics for an approximate aggregate equity value of $2.2 billion, with an upfront investment of approximately $1.9 billion net of cash acquired, gaining global rights to ozureprubart, a promising long-acting anti-immunoglobulin E monoclonal antibody in clinical development for food allergies. Ozureprubart, which targets IgE-mediated reactions, offers potential for less frequent dosing and could treat patients ineligible for existing therapies, complementing GSK's existing allergy portfolio. Phase IIb data is anticipated in 2027, with future trials focusing on both adult and pediatric populations. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 03 March 2026 Issued: 3 March 2026, London UK GSK completes acquisition of RAPT Therapeutics GSK plc (LSE/NYSE: GSK) today announced the completion of its previously announced acquisition of RAPT Therapeutics, a California-based, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing novel therapies for patients living with inflammatory and immunologic diseases. The acquisition includes ozureprubart, a long-acting anti-immunoglobulin E (IgE) monoclonal antibody, currently in phase IIb clinical development for prophylactic protection against food allergens. IgE is a clinically validated target and is the only approved systemic therapy shown to protect patients from a harmful allergic and inflammatory immune response. Around 94% of severe food allergies are caused by IgE-mediated reactions. 1 Current anti-IgE treatment for food allergy involves injections every 2 to 4 weeks, which can be a significant burden, particularly since most patients are children. Ozureprubart's clinical profile offers the potential for less frequent dosing of every 12 weeks, supporting improved compliance and patient outcomes, as well as providing a new option to approximately 25% of patients currently ineligible for existing therapy. Ozureprubart complements GSK's extensive commercial footprint and prescriber base in allergy. Data from the phase IIb trial (prestIgE) assessing use of ozureprubart as monotherapy is expected in 2027, with phase III trials to be focused on both at-risk adult and paediatric populations. Kaivan Khavandi, SVP, R&D Head Respiratory, Immunology & Inflammation, and Head of GSK Translational & Development Sciences, GSK said: "Ozureprubart is a promising asset that complements our expanding RI&I pipeline. Food allergies continue to place a heavy burden on patients and their families, and we are committed to progressing this potential best-in-class monoclonal antibody to deliver longer ‑ lasting protection." Financial considerations The total cash consideration for this acquisition amounts to an approximate aggregate equity value of $2.2 billion. Net of cash acquired, GSK's upfront investment is approximately $1.9 billion. The transaction gives GSK the global rights to the ozureprubart programme, excluding mainland China, Macau, Taiwan and Hong Kong. GSK will also be responsible for success-based milestone and royalty payments for ozureprubart owed to RAPT's partner, Shanghai Jeyou Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. About food allergies In the US, over 17 million people are diagnosed with food allergies, with more than 1.3 million people suffering severe reactions. 2,3,4 Notably, 65% of severe food allergy patients are children and adolescents. 1 This results in more than 3 million patient visits each year to hospital and emergency care. 5 Disease burden is amplified by the frequency and complexity of allergic reactions, which can escalate to anaphylaxis, emergency care and impact a patient's wellbeing and participation in social activities. Collectively, food allergies cost US families an estimated $33 billion in 2024, underscoring the need for more effective and durable therapies. 5 About RAPT Therapeutics RAPT Therapeutics is a clinical-stage immunology-based biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapies for patients living with inflammatory and immunologic diseases. Utilizing deep and proprietary expertise in immunology, RAPT develops novel molecules that are designed to modulate the critical immune responses underlying these diseases. ​ About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at gsk.com. GSK enquiries Media: Tim Foley +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 (London) Sarah Clements +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 (London) Kathleen Quinn +1 202 603 5003 (Washington DC) Lyndsay Meyer +1 202 302 4595 (Washington DC) Investor Relations: Constantin Fest +44 (0) 7831 826525 (London) James Dodwell +44 (0) 20 8047 2406 (London) Mick Readey +44 (0) 7990 339653 (London) Steph Mountifield +44 (0) 7796 707505 (London) Jeff McLaughlin +1 215 751 7002 (Philadelphia) Frannie DeFranco +1 215 751 3126 (Philadelphia) Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements GSK cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by GSK, including those made in this announcement, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those described in the "Risk Factors" section in GSK's Annual Report on Form 20-F for 2024, and GSK's Q4 Results for 2025. Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG ​ References 1. GSK Epi assessment based on MarketScan and Optum claims database 2. Warren CM, Aktas ON, Manalo LJ, Bartell TR, Gupta RS. The epidemiology of multifood allergy in the United States: a population-based study. Ann Allergy Asthma Immunol. 2023;130(5):637-648.e5. 3. US Census Bureau. Age and Sex, American Community Survey, ACS 1-Year Estimates Subject Tables, Table S0101, 2022. Accessed 9 January, 2026. https://data.census.gov/table/ACSST1Y2022.S0101. 4. MarketScan's overall prevalence, and Optum's age-stratified (<18; 18+) and overall prevalence. Severe FA defined as patients with ER/inpatient visit or under specialist care. 5. FARE Food Allergy Facts and Statistics for the US (April 2024). This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 12 minutes ago Ashoka India Equity Investment Trust 42 minutes ago STV Group 51 minutes ago Polar Capital Global Financials Trust 2 hours ago Telecom Plus 3 hours ago Georgina Energy plc All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and