BETA Close X GSK plc has announced its total voting rights as of May 31, 2026, stating that its issued share capital comprises 4,316,224,814 ordinary shares, with 265,968,706 held in treasury. Consequently, the total number of voting rights available to shareholders for notification purposes under the FCA's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules is 4,050,256,108. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 01 June 2026 Issued: 1 June 2026, London UK Total Voting Rights In conformity with the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 5.6.1R, GSK plc (the 'Company') hereby notifies the market of the following: The Company's issued share capital as at 31 May 2026 consisted of 4,316,224,814 shares of 31 ¼ pence each ('Ordinary Shares'), of which 265,968,706 Ordinary Shares were held in Treasury. Therefore, the total number of voting rights in the Company is 4,050,256,108. This figure may be used by shareholders as the denominator for the calculations by which they will determine if they are required to notify their interest in, or a change to their interest in, the Company under the Financial Conduct Authority's Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules. Notifications may be sent to company.secretary@gsk.com . V A Whyte Company Secretary 1 June 2026 About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at www.gsk.com . Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 13 minutes ago Greggs 14 minutes ago Greggs 52 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and