BETA Close X GSK plc announced that Victoria Whyte, SVP & Company Secretary, and Neil Falkingham, a person closely associated with Lynn Baxter (President, Europe), were awarded 10,050 ordinary shares each under the Company’s 2025 Share Value Plan on September 8, 2026. The award price for these ordinary shares was £17.9650 per share. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 09 September 2026 GSK plc (the ‘ Company ’) Transaction notification 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them (‘PCA’) a) Name Victoria Whyte b) Position/status SVP & Company Secretary c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of 31 ¼ pence each (‘Ordinary Shares’) ISIN: GB00BN7SWP63 b) Nature of the transaction Award of Ordinary Shares under the Company’s 2025 Share Value Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £17.9650 10,050 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-09-08 f) Place of the transaction N/A 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them (‘PCA’) a) Name Neil Falkingham b) Position/status PCA of Lynn Baxter (President, Europe) c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of 31 ¼ pence each (‘Ordinary Shares’) ISIN: GB00BN7SWP63 b) Nature of the transaction Award of Ordinary Shares under the Company’s 2025 Share Value Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £17.9650 10,050 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-09-08 f) Place of the transaction N/A This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 1 minute ago PZ Cussons 8 minutes ago Senior 15 minutes ago FBD Holdings (CDI) 22 minutes ago Taylor Wimpey 24 minutes ago MJ Gleeson All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and