BETA Close X GSK plc has concluded a competitive tender process and decided to re-appoint Deloitte LLP as its external auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2028, following the mandatory 10-year tender requirement for Public Interest Entities. Deloitte was initially appointed for the financial year ended 31 December 2018, and this re-appointment will be subject to shareholder approval at the 2028 Annual General Meeting. Further details regarding the tender process will be disclosed in GSK's 2026 Annual Report. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 17 July 2026 Issued: 17 July 2026, London UK Audit tender conclusion GSK plc today announces that, after the conclusion of a competitive tender process led by the Audit & Risk Committee, the Board has decided to re-appoint Deloitte LLP (Deloitte) as GSK's external auditor from the financial year ending 31 December 2028. As a Public Interest Entity, GSK is required to tender the statutory audit every 10 years and rotate every 20. The Company initially appointed Deloitte as external auditor with effect from the financial year ended 31 December 2018. A resolution to re-appoint Deloitte as GSK's external auditor with effect from the 2028 financial year will be put to GSK's shareholders for approval at the Company's 2028 Annual General Meeting. Further details of this competitive tender process will be included in GSK's 2026 Annual Report. V A Whyte Company Secretary 17 July 2026 About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at www.gsk.com . Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and