BETA Close X GSK's licensor, Hansoh Pharma, announced positive Phase III results for risvutatug rezetecan (Ris-Rez) in China for advanced or relapsed small-cell lung cancer, meeting its primary endpoint of overall survival compared to topotecan. This marks the first positive Phase III overall survival data for a B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate. GSK holds global rights outside of China and is advancing Ris-Rez in multiple tumour types, with pivotal data expected next year for its global Phase III trial in relapsed extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer. The safety profile remains consistent with prior findings, with no new signals identified. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 10 July 2026 Issued: 10 July 2026, London UK GSK's licensor Hansoh Pharma announces positive phase III results for Ris-Rez in China patient population · ARTEMIS-008, a phase III study conducted for China, met its primary endpoint of overall survival in advanced or relapsed small-cell lung cancer · First positive phase III overall survival data for a B7-H3-targeted ADC in any tumour type · GSK is advancing risvutatug rezetecan outside China across multiple tumour types, including lung cancer, prostate cancer and other solid tumours GSK plc (LSE/NYSE: GSK) licensor Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. today announced that ARTEMIS-008, its pivotal phase III trial evaluating risvutatug rezetecan (Ris-Rez) in patients with advanced or relapsed small-cell lung cancer (SCLC), met its primary endpoint of overall survival (OS). In the trial, conducted in patients in China, Ris-Rez demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in OS compared with the standard of care, topotecan. Consistent benefit was also observed across key secondary endpoints, including progression-free survival . These data will be used by Hansoh Pharma for regulatory submission in China. These are the first positive phase III overall survival data reported for a B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) in any tumour type. The safety profile is consistent with prior Ris-Rez findings, and no new safety signals were identified. GSK holds exclusive global rights to develop Ris-Rez outside mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. GSK's broad clinical development programme includes studies in lung cancer, prostate cancer and other solid tumours, including the global phase III EMBOLD SCLC-301 trial in relapsed extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) with pivotal data expected next year. Hesham Abdullah, Senior Vice President, Global Head Oncology, R&D, GSK said: "These results are an important milestone as the first positive phase III overall survival data for a B7-H3-targeted ADC in any tumour type. Together, with other data generated to date, they further support the potential of B7-H3 as a promising target across lung cancer and other solid tumours and reinforce our continued development of Ris-Rez to improve standard of care in areas of high unmet need." Most patients with ES-SCLC relapse after initial therapy and have limited treatment options, poor prognosis and significant treatment burden. 1 B7-H3 is highly expressed in SCLC tumours 2,3 and the positive results from ARTEMIS-008 add to the growing body of evidence supporting the encouraging clinical activity and manageable safety profile of Ris-Rez in patients with ES-SCLC. About risvutatug rezetecan Ris-Rez is a novel investigational B7-H3-targeted ADC composed of a fully human anti-B7-H3 monoclonal antibody covalently linked to a topoisomerase inhibitor payload. GSK acquired exclusive worldwide rights (excluding China's mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan) from Hansoh Pharma to progress clinical development and commercialisation of Ris-Rez. Regulatory designations received for Ris-Rez to date include orphan drug designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in SCLC and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in a category of cancer that includes SCLC, called pulmonary neuroendocrine carcinoma; Priority Medicines (PRIME) Designation from the EMA for relapsed or refractory ES-SCLC; and Breakthrough Therapy Designations for relapsed or refractory ES-SCLC and relapsed or refractory osteosarcoma from the US FDA. 4,5,6,7,8,9,10 GSK in oncology Our ambition in oncology is to help increase overall quality of life, maximise survival and change the course of disease, expanding from our current focus on blood and gynaecologic cancers into lung and gastrointestinal cancers, as well as other solid tumours. This includes accelerating priority programmes such as antibody-drug conjugates targeting B7-H3 and B7-H4, and velzatinib, a highly selective KIT tyrosine kinase inhibitor. ​ About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at www.gsk.com . GSK enquiries Media: Tim Foley +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 (London) Madison Goring +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 (London) Kathleen Quinn +1 202 603 5003 (Washington DC) Alison Hunt +1 540 742 3391 (Washington DC) Investor Relations: Constantin Fest +44 (0) 7831 826525 (London) James Dodwell +44 (0) 20 8047 2406 (London) Mick Readey +44 (0) 7990 339653 (London) Steph Mountifield +44 (0) 7796 707505 (London) Sam Piper +44 (0) 7824 525779 (London) Jeff McLaughlin +1 215 751 7002 (Philadelphia) Frannie DeFranco +1 215 751 3126 (Philadelphia) Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements GSK cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by GSK, including those made in this announcement, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those described in the "Risk Factors" section in GSK's Annual Report on Form 20-F for 2025, and GSK's Q1 Results for 2026. Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG References 1. G. Mountzios, et al. Tarlatamab in small-cell lung cancer after platinum-based chemotherapy. N Engl J Med, 393 (2025), pp. 349-361. DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa2502099. 2. A.A. Getu, A. Tigabu, M. Zhou, J. Lu, Ø. Fodstad, M. Tan. New frontiers in immune checkpoint B7-H3 (CD276) research and drug development. Mol. Cancer, 22 (2023), p. 43, 10.1186/s12943-023-01751-9 . 3. M. Altan, V. Pelekanou, K.A. Schalper, M. Toki, P. Gaule, K. Syrigos, R.S. Herbst, D.L. Rimm. B7-H3 Expression in NSCLC and Its Association with B7-H4, PD-L1 and Tumor-Infiltrating Lymphocytes. Clin. Cancer Res., 23 (2017), pp. 5202-5209, 10.1158/1078-0432.Ccr-16-3107. 4. GSK. GSK receives US FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for its B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate in relapsed or refractory extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/gsk-receives-us-fda-breakthrough-therapy-designation/. 5. GSK. GSK's B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate, risvutatug rezetecan, granted Orphan Drug Designation for small-cell lung cancer in Japan. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/gsk-s-b7-h3-targeted-antibody-drug-conjugate-risvutatug-rezetecan-granted-orphan-drug-designation-for-small-cell-lung-cancer-in-japan/. 6. GSK. GSK's B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate, GSK'227, receives EMA Priority Medicines (PRIME) Designation in relapsed extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/b7-h3-targeted-antibody-drug-conjugate-receives-ema-priority-medicines-designation-in-relapsed-extensive-stage-small-cell-lung-cancer/. 7. GSK. GSK's B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate, GSK'227, receives Orphan Drug Designation in the EU. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/gsk-s-b7-h3-targeted-antibody-drug-conjugate-gsk-227-receives-orphan-drug-designation-in-the-eu/. 8. GSK. GSK's B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate, GSK'227, receives EMA Priority Medicines (PRIME) Designation in relapsed extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/b7-h3-targeted-antibody-drug-conjugate-receives-ema-priority-medicines-designation-in-relapsed-extensive-stage-small-cell-lung-cancer/. 9. GSK. GSK receives US FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for its B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate in relapsed or refractory extensive-stage small-cell lung cancer. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/gsk-receives-us-fda-breakthrough-therapy-designation/. 10. GSK. GSK's B7-H3-targeted antibody-drug conjugate, GSK'227, receives US FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation in late-line relapsed or refractory osteosarcoma. Available at: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/gsk-b7-h3-targeted-antibody-drug-conjugate-gsk227-receives-us-fda-breakthrough-therapy-designation-in-late-line-relapsed-or-refractory-osteosarcoma/. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and