BETA Close X GSK plc announced that Roy Jakobs will join its Board as a Non-Executive Director effective July 13, 2026. Jakobs, currently CEO of Royal Philips, brings experience from a global health technology company with 2025 sales of 17.8 billion EUR. He will receive a standard annual fee of £122,258 and is required to build towards a share ownership of two times the annual fee. His appointment is considered independent and is expected to provide valuable perspective to the Board as GSK focuses on growth and delivering medicines. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 09 July 2026 Issued: 9 July 2026, London UK Roy Jakobs to join GSK Board as Non-Executive Director GSK plc (LSE/NYSE: GSK) has today announced that Roy Jakobs will join the Board of the Company as a Non-Executive Director from 13 July 2026. Mr Jakobs is currently Chief Executive Officer of Royal Philips, a global leader in health technology with sales of 17.8 billion EUR in 2025 and 65,000 employees worldwide, headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Mr Jakobs has served as CEO of Royal Philips since 2022, and prior to that held international roles of increasing seniority after joining the company in 2010. Mr Jakobs has also held senior roles at other global companies including Shell and Elsevier, and holds a Master's in Business Administration (MBA). Sir Jonathan Symonds, Chair of GSK said, "We are delighted to welcome Roy to the Board. His experience as CEO of a global health technology company, specialising in innovative adjacent technologies to biopharmaceuticals including patient monitoring, imaging, and intervention, will bring valuable perspective to Luke and the Board. Roy's values and approach to culture and purpose are highly aligned with our own, and he is well-placed to support GSK as we focus on accelerating growth and delivering better medicines for the patients who need them and greater value for shareholders." Notes: 1. The appointment of Mr Jakobs was made by the Board on the recommendation of the Nominations & Corporate Governance Committee. The Board agreed a target skills matrix for the role and was assisted and supported in candidate selection and evaluation by an external search firm, which is a signatory of the Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms. The Board satisfied itself that Mr Jakobs had the experience and time available to carry out the role. 2. The Board has determined that Mr Jakobs is an independent Non-Executive Director in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. 3. Mr Jakobs will receive the standard annual fee for a Non-Executive Director of £122,258. He will be required to build towards a share ownership requirement of GSK shares in accordance with the Company's shareholder approved Non-Executive Director Remuneration policy - currently two times the standard annual fee. 4. Mr Jakobs does not have a service contract. He has a letter of appointment which may be viewed by contacting the Company Secretary at the Company's registered office. 5. There are no further disclosures to be made in respect of Mr Jakobs' appointment under Listing Rule 6.4.8R. 6. As of 13 July 2026, the Board of GSK will comprise: Sir Jonathan Symonds CBE Non-Executive Chair Luke Miels Chief Executive Officer Julie Brown Chief Financial Officer Charles Bancroft Senior Independent Non-Executive Director Elizabeth McKee Anderson Independent Non-Executive Director Dr Hal Barron Non-Executive Director Dr Anne Beal Independent Non-Executive Director Wendy Becker CBE Independent Non-Executive Director Dr Hal Dietz Independent Non-Executive Director Roy Jakobs Independent Non-Executive Director Dr Jeannie Lee Independent Non-Executive Director Dr Gavin Screaton Independent Non-Executive Director Dr Vishal Sikka Independent Non-Executive Director About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at gsk.com. This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 6 hours ago Savills 6 hours ago Berkeley Group Holdings (The) 6 hours ago Great Southern Copper 6 hours ago OSB Group 6 hours ago Taylor Wimpey All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and