BETA Close X GSK plc announced on September 8, 2026, that Roanne Parry, Chief People Officer and a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities, was granted a conditional award of 85,714 ordinary shares under the 2017 Performance Share Plan. The award, priced at £18.3750 per share, is subject to performance measures set by the Remuneration Committee over a three-year period from January 1, 2026, to December 31, 2028. Any unvested portion of the award will lapse at the end of this performance period, and accrued dividends will only vest to the extent the award vests. Disclaimer* GSK PLC 09 September 2026 GSK plc (the ' Company ') 2026 Performance Share Plan Award - Roanne Parry 2026 Performance Share Plan Award On 8 September 2026, the Company granted a conditional share award to Roanne Parry, a Person Discharging Managerial Responsibilities ('PDMR'), under the GlaxoSmithKline 2017 Performance Share Plan ('the Plan'). The Plan allows a performance-related opportunity in the form of conditional awards to be granted to senior executives in the Group, including the Executive Directors and other PDMRs. Ms Parry became eligible for the award following her joining GSK as Chief People Officer and an Executive Committee member on 1 May 2026. Under the terms of the Plan, conditional awards are granted over a specific number of Ordinary Shares or American Depositary Shares ('ADS'), and the percentage of the award that ultimately vests is dependent on the level of achievement against performance measures set by the Remuneration Committee. The performance measures for Ms Parry's award are the same as those applicable to the 2026 awards granted to other Executive Committee members, as detailed within the announcement of 16 February 2026 . The performance period for the awards is the three financial years from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028. Notes 1. To the extent that each element of a conditional award does not vest at the end of the three-year performance period, it will lapse. 2. Ms Parry was granted a conditional award of Ordinary Shares under the terms of the GlaxoSmithKline 2017 Performance Share Plan. 3. Dividends will accrue on the conditional award of Ordinary Shares during the performance period but will only vest to the extent that the award vests at the end of the performance period. These dividends are not included in the figures below. Transaction notification 1. Details of PDMR/person closely associated with them ('PCA') a) Name Roanne Parry b) Position/status Chief People Officer c) Initial notification/ amendment Initial notification 2. Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name GSK plc b) LEI 5493000HZTVUYLO1D793 3. Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transaction(s) has been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument Ordinary shares of 31 ¼ pence each ('Ordinary Shares') ISIN: GB00BN7SWP63 b) Nature of the transaction A conditional award of Ordinary Shares under the Company's 2017 Performance Share Plan c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price(s) Volume(s) £18.3750 85,714 d) Aggregated information N/A (single transaction) Aggregated volume Price e) Date of the transaction 2026-09-08 f) Place of the transaction N/A About GSK GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together. Find out more at www.gsk.com . Registered in England & Wales: No. 3888792 Registered Office: 79 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DG This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies GSK (GSK) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 16 minutes ago GSK 31 minutes ago Centrica 46 minutes ago Rolls-Royce Holdings 1 hour ago Frontier Developments 1 hour ago M&G All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and