BETA Close X International Biotechnology Trust PLC (IBT) announced that its portfolio company, Nuvalent, Inc., has agreed to be acquired by GSK plc for $124 per share in cash. This acquisition represents a 40% premium to Nuvalent's last closing price and a 26% premium to its 30-day volume-weighted average share price. As of June 8, Nuvalent constituted 0.44% of IBT's Net Asset Value. This marks IBT's sixth portfolio company acquisition in 2026, with over 15% of the portfolio having been acquired year-to-date, reflecting strong merger and acquisition activity driven by pharmaceutical companies seeking to replenish pipelines. Disclaimer* Intl. Biotechnology Trust PLC 09 June 2026 INTERNATIONAL BIOTECHNOLOGY TRUST PLC ("IBT") IBT portfolio company Nuvalent to be acquired by GSK IBT notes the announcement today that Nuvalent, Inc (Nuvalent) has entered into an agreement to be acquired by GSK plc (GSK). Nuvalent is a Boston-based, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on creating precisely targeted therapies for patients with cancer, designed to overcome the limitations of existing therapies for clinically proven kinase targets. Nuvalent is advancing a robust pipeline with investigational candidates for ROS1-positive, ALK-positive, and HER2-altered non-small cell lung cancer, and multiple discovery-stage research programs. Under the terms of the agreement, Nuvalent shareholders will receive $124 per share in cash at closing, representing a premium of 40% to the last closing price and a 26% premium to the 30-day volume-weighted average share price. As at close of business on 8 June, Nuvalent represented 0.44% of IBT's Net Asset Value, as included in in IBT's daily NAV update on 9 June. Commenting on the news, Ailsa Craig and Marek Poszepczynski, portfolio managers of IBT, said: "This acquisition marks IBT's sixth in 2026 so far, with over 15% [i] of the portfolio having been acquired year-to-date, as merger & acquisition activity continues at a rapid pace. This surge has been driven by strong structural tailwinds with large pharmaceutical companies seeking to replenish pipelines and replace lost revenues ahead of upcoming patent cliffs. "This latest transaction reinforces the success of IBT's investment process, which evaluates companies through a business development lens and considers the characteristics that make them attractive to potential acquirers. This approach is particularly valuable in the highly crowded oncology sector, where identifying compelling opportunities can be difficult and requires careful selection. "With the drivers of robust M&A activity firmly in place, we expect deal flow to remain strong and will continue to position our portfolio to benefit from ongoing activity and deliver returns to shareholders." The updated valuation of IBT's holding in Nuvalent will be included in IBT's NAV as at close of business on 9 June, to be reported in the usual way on 10 June. To sign up for IBT updates by email, please click here . ENDS Enquiries: Schroder Investment Management Limited Kirsty Preston (PR) Natalia de Sousa (Company Secretary) 020 7658 6000 020 7658 6000 Kaso Legg Communications (Financial PR) Charles Gorman Henry Taylor Effie Aye Maung Hider IBT@kl-communications.com [i] As at 8 June 2026. Defined as the aggregate of the % of net asset value of each acquired company, measured as at market close on the day prior to the announcement of the respective acquisition. This information is provided by Reach, the non-regulatory press release distribution service of RNS, part of the London Stock Exchange. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com . RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our Privacy Policy . END AI Summary Disclaimer BETA × The content you are viewing has been generated or assisted by artificial intelligence (AI). While efforts are made to ensure accuracy and clarity, AI-generated text may contain inaccuracies, outdated information, or subjective interpretations. This content is intended for general informational purposes only and should not be considered professional advice or factual confirmation. We encourage you to independently verify any information provided, especially if it will be relied upon for making decisions or taking action. Any reliance you place on this material is strictly at your own risk. The AI system that produced this content cannot assess the specifics of individual circumstances, and results may vary based on context and individual needs. --> Companies International Biotech Trust (IBT) UK 100 FTSE quotes by TradingView Play --> ▶ 🔊 Latest directors dealings 13 minutes ago Greggs 14 minutes ago Greggs 52 minutes ago Fuller Smith & Turner 1 hour ago CLS Holdings 1 hour ago Rolls-Royce Holdings All directors dealings today All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes. Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within this site. The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content of an announcement should be directed to the source. Investegate reserves the right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site. © 2026 Stockomendation Ltd Privacy and