S888 742

meet Companies House

*AC11KQK1*
aod =——«08/04/2023 #343
COMPANIES HOUSE

Annual Report 2022

GSK Annual Report 2022

We are a global biopharma company with a purpose
to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead
of disease together.

We aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion
people by the end of 2030. Our bold ambitions for
patients are reflected in commitments to growth and
a step-change in performance.

We are a company where outstanding people can thrive.

Contents
Strategic report Corporate governance Investor information
Ahead Together 01 The Board and GSK Leadership Team 97 Financial record 274
2022 performance and key Chair's governance statement 103 Product development pipeline 278
performance indicators 02 Corporate governance architecture 107 Products, competition and
Chair's statement 04 Ahead Together - Board oversight 110 _ intellectual property 282
CEO's statement 06 Key decisions and engagements 112 Principal risks and uncertainties 285
Business model 08 Board committee reports 117_ Share capital and contro! 296
Our culture and people 10 Directors’ report 130 Dividends 298
Our external environment 12 Financial calendar 2023 299
Research and development 15 Remuneration report Annual General Meeting 2023 299
Commercial operations: Chair's onnual statement 133 Taxinformation for shareholders 299

Berformance: Veccines edhe 29 ‘Annual report on remuneration 136 Shoreholder services and contacts 302

'erformance: Specialty Medicines 2022 remuneration policy summary 158. US !aw and regulation

Performance: General Medicines 38 Group companies 307
Responsible business 4 Glossary of terms 315
Risk management 5] _ Financial statements

2022 principal risks summary 53 Directors’ statement of

Climote-reloted financial disclosures 55 responsibilities 166

Noture-related financial disclosure 62 Independent auditor's report 168

Employees by gender 63 Financial statements 182

Viability statement 64 Notestothefinancial statements 186
Group financial review 65 Financial statements of GSK ple

prepared under UK GAAP 268

Cautionary statement
See the inside back cover of this document for the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements.

Non-IFRS measures

We use a number of adjusted, non-International Financial Reporting Stondards (IFRS) measures to report the performance of our business.
Total reported results represent the Group's overall performance under IFRS. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS measures may be
considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results

ond other non-IFRS measures are defined on pages 69 and 70 and reconciliations to the nearest IFRS measures are on pages 81 to 85.

GSK Annual Report 2022

Picture removed to
meet Companies House
requirements.

Picture removed to
meet Companies House
requirements

Picture removed to
meet Companies House
requirements

\/
Ahead Together

2022 was a landmark year for GSK. Following the demerger of our consumer
healthcare business to form Haleon in July, we are now a fully focused

biopharma company.

We prioritise innovation in vaccines
and specialty medicines, maximising
the increasing opportunities to prevent
and treat disease

At the heart of this is our R&D focus on the science
of the immune system, human genetics and advanced
technologies, and our world-leading capabilities in
vaccines and medicines development. We focus on
four therapeutic areas: infectious diseases, HIV,
immunology/respiratory and oncology.

We're confident in our future

_Qur bold ambitions for patients are reflected in.our_ _
commitments to a step-change in growth and performance
over the period to 2026. This means more GSK vaccines
and medicines, including innovative new products, will
reach more people than ever before.

Being a responsible business means getting
ahead of disease together in the right way

That's why environmental, social and governance (ESG)
impacts are embedded in our strategy and support our
sustainable performance and long-term growth. They help
us build trust with our stakeholders, reduce risk to our
operations and deliver positive social impact.

Culture at GSK is something we all own

It powers our purpose, drives delivery of our strategy

and helps make GSK a place where people can thrive.

Our culture of being ambitious for patients, accountable
for impact and doing the right thing is the foundation

for how, togothor, wo'll dolivor-for our patients, shareholders
and GSK people.

Ol

yoda: a16ay0ng

iy
g
a
3
8
3
8
8
2
3
FA
5
a
Es
8
8

syUawio}0)s |OINUBUIY

YoRDUHLOyU! JO\SaAU]

GSK Annual Report 2022

2022 performance and key performance indicators

Financial

We delivered a step-change in commercial execution with growth across the portfolio. Prioritised

investment and cost discipline supported strong growth in operating profit and earnings per share (EPS).

Group turnover (Ebn) ®
E29.3b0n s
. Nn CER 13%"
2020 244
2021 247
2022 9.3

* 2022 growth excluding COVID-19 solutions AER 16% CER 10%

Turnover by product area @

1 Vaccines

E79 ner 17% CER n%

2 Specialty Medicines

£1 3bn AER 37% CER 29%

3General Medicines

£10.11 aers% cer 1%

Total continuing operating profit (Ebn) @

£64bn ==
. al CER 31%
2020 6.0

2021

2o2

Adjusted operating profit (Ebn) ®)

F29b cn
. Nn CER 4%

2020 67

2021 65

* 2022 growth excluding COVID-19 solutions AER 29% CER 17%

Total continuing earnings per share (p)

Adjusted earnings per share (p)

1] O 8 AER 34% ] ‘ 39 7 AER 27%"
. p CER 18% ° p CER 15%"
2020 1224p 2020 1144p |
2021 829) 2021 T10.3p
2022 Top 2022

* 2022 growth excluding COVID-19 solutions AER 31% CER 18%

Cash generated ‘on operations attributable to continuing
operations (Ebn) @)

£79bn

2020 77

2021 72]

2o22

Free cash flow (Ebn) @)@)

£3.3bn

2020 37

2021 [ 33 |

2022

‘We use a number of adjusted, non-IFRS, measures to report the performance of its business. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS meosures may be
considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS.
measures are defined on pages 69 and 70. AER - actuol exchange rate; CER ~ constant exchange rate.

2020 and 2021 comparative results presented in the tables above have been restated on a consistent basis from those previously published to reflect the
demerger of the Consumer Healthcare business. The presentation of continuing and discontinued operations under IFRS § are set out on page 192.

© key performance indicator attributable to continuing operations (R) Linked to executive remuneration, See pages 136 to 139 for more detcils

02

GSK Annual Report 2022

Performance summary and key performance indicators continued

Research and development

We continued to strengthen the late-stage pipeline with regulatory approvals, positive data read-outs
and strategic business development.

Innovation sales (Ebn) @@) Innovative pipeline Phase Ill starts@)

sales of products launched in the vaccines and specialty medicines including for depemokimab in

lost five years including lifecycle based on the science of the eosinophilic disease, and cobolimab

innovation immune system for second-line non-small cell lung
cancers

new approvals since 2017 in phase lll/registration new collaborations and acquisitions

including with Affinivax, Sierra
Oncology and Spero Therapeutics

Pipeline value and progress@ @®are not reported externally because of their commercial sensitivity.

Responsible business

r
4
3

8
3

3
3

uoRoJauNWas puD e2”UDULENCD,

We continue to be recognised for our environmental and sustainability leadership. Our ESG Performance = ===
Rating @ is on track based on 83% of all performance metrics being met or exceeded. The metrics
cover our six new focus areas: access to healthcare, global health and health security, environment ®,
diversity, equity and inclusion ©, ethical standards, and product governance (see pages 41 to 50).
z
fe) 3
st n © i
g
in the Access to Medicine Index in the pharmaceuticals industry forthe reduction in indirect scope 3) 3
for 8th consecutive time S&P Global Corporate Sustainability carbon emissions 2
Assessment, with a score of 86 (as
at 17 February 2023)
Culture
Culture progress @ — ambitious for patients, accountable for impact and do the right thing —
is measured through our employee surveys. Our employee engagement score was 81% in 2022 -
compared to 78% in 2021. 3
+ Read more on page 10 8
z
3
2
3

1 based on latest available data for scope 3 emissions between 2020-2021

03

GSK Annual Report 2022

Chair's statement

2022 was one of the most important years in GSK’s history with
strong operational and financial performance and the successful
demerger of Consumer Healthcare.

As | said last year, the programme

of change Emma and her team

are delivering is designed to
fundamentally reconstruct and
strengthen GSK's operational
capability. Clear, ambitious priorities
have been set to sharpen commercial
execution and cost discipline; improve
the pipeline and R&D productivity;
tackle the Group's structure and
capital allocation capacity; and shift
GSK's culture to be more competitive
and performance focused

We are seeing clear evidence of
success of this strategic
transformation. But, as always,
there is more to do.

We delivered the demerger and
separation of GSK's Consumer
Healthcare business to form Haleon,
separate company listed in London,
in July. This was the largest demerger
in Europe for 20 years and the
culmination of a huge amount of
work over several years.

We have created two attractive

and competitive businesses with
compelling investment propositions:
a world-leading consumer healthcare
business, and a newly focused GSK
with a strengthened balance sheet to.
enable increased investment in R&D
and future growth.

We are already seeing evidence of
the benefits of a simpler, more
focused, business model.

Operational performance for GSK

in 2022 was excellent, with strong
growth in sales of vaccines and
specialty medicines and double-digit
growth in operating profit and EPS.
This is the start of a new, sustained
period of growth for the Group, with
sales and operating profit forecast to
grow by more than 5% and 10%
CAGR’, respectively over the period to
2026. The Board is very confident in
delivery of these targets, underpinned
by the improvement we are seeing in
the Group's commercial execution and
competitiveness.

Picture removed to

meet Companies House
requirements

04

Increasing R&D productivity and
building a culture of performance,
which take longer to embed, are
critical levers of longer-term value
creation for GSK

Progress in R&D
We are making good progress in

R&D. In the past five years, over 20
new medicines and vaccines have
been approved and more than 18 new
medicines are currently in late-stage
clinical trial development.

It was good to see clear progress in
our pipeline reflected in important
milestones during 2022. Our
respiratory syncytial virus (RSV)
vaccine candidate for older adults
achieved exceptional phase III results,
and the US Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) approval of

our long-acting HIV medicine
administered every two months
reaffirms GSK’s leadership in next-
generation HIV treatment and
prevention.

We also remain ambitious to support
the pipeline and future growth
through business development, with
acquisitions of Sierra Oncology and
Affinivox completed during the year.

| was delighted by the seamless
transition of Tony Wood into the
Chief Scientific Officer role in August,
replacing Hal Barron. Tony is an
‘outstanding and highly respected
scientist and has been a key architect
in rebuilding our pipeline.

1 Compound annual growth rate

Chair's statement continued

Engaging with shareholders

The Board and management
continue to maintain very significant
engagement with shareholders.

It is clear from these conversations
that the vast majority of shareholders
support the strategy the company is
implementing. Nevertheless - and
despite the progress that is being
made — the Board recognises that
there is more to do to increase investor
confidence in the ability of the Group
to sustain growth over the next
decade.

This is important as GSK has under-
performed in terms of TSR and share
price performance for many years and
the Board understands the need to
deliver on this.

In the short term, this means
consistent, year-on-year delivery of
the targets for sales and operating
profit, including successful launch of
the company’s key new product
opportunities such as the RSV
vaccine in 2023.

Looking beyond 2026, successful
delivery and strengthening of the
late-stage pipeline is critical across
vaccines and specialty medicines,
including for our long-acting HIV
portfolio, supported by targeted
business development.

Longer term, the Board is confident
that the progress the company is
making to develop industry-leading
Aland machine learning capabilities,
and application of deep
understanding of genetics, can
provide us with an edge to be able to
identify, develop and launch products
that make a difference for patients
and deliver value for our shareholders.

Zantac litigation
The Group's share price performance
I the second fiulf uf Une yeur wus
impacted by the uncertainties
associated with the Zantac product
liability litigation in the US.

While this is disappointing. the
company remains clear on its position
‘on these matters, namely that the
scientific consensus is that there is no
consistent or reliable evidence that
Zantac (ranitidine) increases the risk of
any cancer. The decision in December
by the US Federal Court in Southern
Florida to dismiss all claims and

cases relating to ranitidine was very
welcome and GSK will continue to
defend itself vigorously against claims
brought at the State level.

Targets and governance
The Board did not adopt the targets
for sales and operating profit growth
lightly. These commitments were a
very important demonstration of our
confidence in the business and our
determination to be held accountable
for delivery.

In line with this, we introduced a new
remuneration policy in 2022 linking
executive remuneration to reward for
outperformance

We engaged extensively with
shareholders to develop these
proposals, recognising the new reward
system is a fundamental part of the
architecture of GSK post-separation
to ensure we build a performance
culture and generate sustained
delivery of shareholder value. While
we were pleased the policy achieved

a positive shareholder vote, we
recognise a sizeable minority of
shareholders voted against. We will
continue to engage with shareholders
to demonstrate why we believe
incentivising outperformance against
the targets will ultimately be rewarded
through shareholder value creation.

Operating responsibly
Operating responsibly is a foundation
stone on which GSK has been built.

We are committed to ensuring
ESG considerations are properly
embedded into our strategy.

This supports long-term growth,
reduces risk and helps us build trust
with stakeholders. Ihe Board was
pleased to see continued progress in
many ESG areas during 2022, including
GSK again topping the independent
Access to Medicines Index.

GSK Annual Report 2022

Board evolution
Delivery of the demerger obviously
resulted in changes to the Board,
including departures of Vindi Banga
and Vivienne Cox to Haleon and the
retirement of Laurie Glimcher. | would
like to thank them all for their
significant contributions to GSK over
recent years.

We committed to using the
opportunity of the demerger to
deepen the GSK Board's biopharma
experience and credentials. | was
delighted to welcome Dr Vishal Sikka
and Elizabeth McKee Anderson to the
Board during the year. Vishal is a
world-leading technologist and
Elizabeth has deep commercial
expertise, across both large and
specialty biopharma:

Together with the continued
involvement of Hal Dietz and Hal
Barron, | believe the scientific
credentials of GSK's Board are
among the strongest in the industry.

We also look forward to the future
appointment of the highly
experienced Julie Brown as our new
CFO, starting 1 May 2023. | would like
to thank outgoing CFO lain Mackay
for his outstanding work and support
over the last four years.

| would also like to note the
appointments of Anne Beal, who joined
the Board in May 2021-as Chair of the
Corporate Responsibility Committee,
and Charles Bancroft, currently Audit
& Risk Committee Chair, as our new
Senior Independent Director.

Finally, | would like to thank all
employees, partners, shareholders
and customers for their support and
commitment through the last year and
| look forward to what promises to be
an exciting 2023 for GSK.

4,

Sir Jonathan Symonds
Chair

05

yoda) a16a;0n5

a
2
a
3
g
a
3
°
8
a
3
3
§
&
g
3
s

s]UaWa}0)s [OIDUOUL

UOROUUOpUI 10\S9A44}

GSK Annual Report 2022

CEO's statement

2022 was a landmark year for GSK. We enter 2023 with strong
momentum and as a focused global biopharma company.

Creating a focused global
biopharma company

2022 was a landmark year for GSK.
We successfully delivered the
demerger of Haleon which is the most
significant corporate change for the
company in 20 years, and began a
new chapter of competitive and
profitable growth. We enter 2023 with
strong momentum and as a focused
global biopharma company with

the ambition and purpose to unite
science, technology and talent, to

get ahead of disease together.

Strong 2022 performance increases
confidence in delivering growth
through 2026 and beyond

Group sales were £29.3 billion in

2022, up 13% CER, driven by strong
growth in both Vaccines and Specialty
Medicines. Adjusted operating profit
grew 14% and adjusted EPS by 15%
(both CER).

Reflecting the huge progress we have
made to improve the competitiveness
of our commercial execution, we now
have 10 products exceeding £1 billion
in annual sales, including Shingrix,
Trelegy, Nucala, Benlysta and Dovato,
Shingrix alone delivered a record year
with £3 billion of sales. HIV sales,
including Dovato, were £57 billion,
up 12% CER.

Vaccines and Specialty Medicines
now represent nearly two-thirds of
our sales, compared to 46% in 2017,
and we are well on track to achieve
our target of 75% of revenues from
Vaccines and Specialty Medicines by
2026. This evolving portfolio, together
with prioritised investment in
innovation and good cost discipline,
is reflected in the further expansion
of our operating margin.

Picture removed to
meet Companies House

requirements

06

Strong operational performance has
enabled us to increase annual
investment in R&D to over £5 billion
and, through the demerger, we have
also significantly strengthened GSK's
balance sheet, creating additional
flexibility to invest in growth and
innovation. In 2022, we acquired the
Boston-based vaccine company,
Affinivax, which gave us access to
the disruptive MAPS technology — for
higher valency and broader coverage
ina single vaccine — and a phase Il
next-generation 24-valent vaccine
for pneumococcal disease. We also
acquired Sierra Oncology, including
the myelofibrosis treatment,
momelotinib, which we hope to see
approved in 2023, and signed an
exclusive licence agreement with
Spero Therapeutics for tebipenem,

a novel oral antibiotic in late-stage
development for complicated urinary
tract infections (CUTIs). We expect

to do more targeted business
development in 2023.

In addition, we generated over
£3.3 billion of free cash flow in 2022,
supporting investments and a
dividend of 61.25 pence per share
for the year.

Our strong momentum underpins our
confidence in delivering the ambitious
sales and profit outlooks we have

set for 2026. At the same time, we
continue to build a stronger portfolio
and pipeline based on science of the
immune system, to absorb the loss

of revenues from future patent
expirations, and to put us in a strong
position to deliver growth through the
decade and beyond.

CEO's statement continued

Innovation supports future growth
We now have a pipeline of 69
vaccines and specialty medicines,
many with the potential to be first-
or best-in-class.

In August, Tony Wood took up his new
role as GSK's Chief Scientific Officer,
succeeding Hal Barron. With his
proven expertise in science, data and
new technologies, Tony is well placed
to capture the value and opportunities
we see with our R&D approach,

We are focused across four core
therapeutic areas: infectious diseases;
HIV; immunology/respiratory and
oncology. Overall, infectious diseases
and HIV represent around two-thirds
of our pipeline and our primary focus
for R&D.

In infectious diseases, we have
developed a potential best-in-class
vaccine for RSV in older adults.

We were excited to present the

phase Ill results in late 2022, which
demonstrated 94%! efficacy against
severe disease — an exceptional result.
The world has been waiting more than
50 years for an RSV vaccine, so this is
{@ significant scientific achievement.
We have submitted this data to
regulators and hope to see approval
during 2023. Alongside our existing
in-house capabilities, such as
adjuvants, MAPS through our Affinivax
acquisition and our collaboration with
CureVac in mRNA, we now have the
broadest suite of vaccine platform
technologies of any company in

the sector.

We also made important advances
in the clinical development of two
late-stage assets: gepotidacin, a new
novel antibiotic for uncomplicated
urinary tract infections (UUTIs), and
bepirovirsen, which has the potential
to provide a first-in-class functional
cure for chronic hepatitis B, where
there remains a significant unmet
medical need. One in three people
around the globe have been infected
with the virus and more than 300
million are living with chronic hepatitis
B infection today. Current standard of
care for chronic hepatitis B achieves
functional cure for very few patients,
fewer than 5%.

With bepirovirsen, which is now
undergoing final stage trials, and
other assets in our pipeline, we aim to
be at the forefront of a new wave of
treatments for this ancient disease.

In HIV, we launched Apretude, the
first and only long-acting injectable
for HIV prevention which, alongside
Cabenuva, the first and only complete
long-acting HIV treatment regimen,
means we are changing the
landscape for HIV patients. We also
made further progress during the year
in the development of next-generation
pipeline options, including presenting
promising early-stage data for N6LS,
our new broadly neutralising antibody,
and we look forward to providing
further visibility on these pipeline
options during 2023.

In immunology/respiratory, we
increased R&D investment to

support the phase III programme for
depemokimab, a promising potential
new long-acting medicine to treat
severe asthma — an area in which
GSK has long-standing expertise and
proven commercial capability. In
oncology, we reported very positive
data for Jemperlias a potential
treatment for patients with primary
advanced or recurrent endometrial
cancer. Following discussions with the
FDA, we took the decision to withdraw
Blenrep from the US market in
November, based on the previously
announced outcome of the
DREAMM-3 trial.

Building trust, reducing risk and
delivering positive social impact
We are committed to running a
responsible business, which builds
trust and reduces risk to deliver
sustainable health impact at scale,
shareholder returns and to support
our people to thrive.

As we set out later in this report,

we are making good progress in
strengthening our culture, which is key
to how we deliver our ambition and
purpose. We are committed to making
GSK a place where talented people
can thrive, with a culture where we are
all ambitious for patients, accountable
for impact, and do the right thing.

1 Vaccine efficacy (VE) 94% (1 of 12,466 versus 17 of 12,494)

GSK Annual Report 2022

In June 2022, we introduced our new
Code, which sets out our culture, as
well as commitments GSK and our
people make, so we can deliver our
ambition and purpose in the right way.

Our ESG focus is on: access to
healthcare, global health and health
security, environment, diversity, equity
and inclusion, ethical standards, and
product governance. In 2022, we
made excellent progress, maintaining
‘our number one position in the
Access to Medicines Index for the 8th
consecutive time and ranking 2nd in
the S&P Corporate Sustainability
Assessment for the pharmaceutical
industry.

As | talked about last year, investors
and other stakeholders are
demanding transparent reporting of
performance on ESG matters. We are
introducing a new ESG Performance
Rating, to track delivery. | am pleased
to report that our performance in
2022 is ‘on track’ with details set out
‘on page 42.

As Jon has made clear on the Zantac
product liability litigation in the US,
the scientific consensus is that there is
no consistent or reliable evidence that
Zantac (ranitidine) increases the risk of
any cancer. We will continue to defend
ourselves vigorously in the State cases.
From my perspective, it is important
that as we do that, the company does
not get distracted from our main
priority - continuing to deliver on our
strategy for patients, shareholders
and our people.

Looking ahead with confidence

As we enter 2023, | believe GSK has
compelling prospects. As ever, its our
people who fuel this confidence and
| want to thank them for all they have
achieved during 2022 and the strong
momentum they are delivering. | am
very optimistic for the future and
excited by what we can achieve
together.

Aiwa. Winn Mey,

Emma Walmsley
Chief Executive Officer

o

2
8
8
3
3
8
3
8
a
8
a
é
z
5
3
3
3
8

syuawa}0)s |O|OUOUIY

UoROWIOyU! J0ySaAU}

GSK Annual Report 2022

Business model

Our ambition is to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people

by the end of 2030. We aim to do this by developing transformational
vaccines and medicines and making them available at responsible prices
that are accessible for patients and sustainable for our business.

Central to our success are our people: experts in science,
technology, manufacturing, regulation, intellectual property
and commercialisation...

69,400 >80 24,000

GSK people countries worldwide suppliers working directly
with GSK
R&D investment in 2022 manufacturing sites global R&D centres

up by 9% at AER, 4% at CER

..who are identifying, researching, developing and
testing ground-breaking discoveries, and manufacturing
and commercialising...

Vaccines Specialty Medicines General Medicines

We deliver one and a half million Our portfolio of specialty medicines Our portfolio of more than 150
doses of our vaccines every day; and prevent and treat diseases, from HIV products encompasses all of GSK's
around 40% of the world's children and respiratory diseases, toimmuno- —_ primary care medicines, supplied
receive a GSK vaccine each year. inflammation diseases like lupus, to in 112 countries worldwide.

cancer. Many are first or best-in-class,

Picture removed to Picture removed to Picture removed to
meet Companies House meet Companies House meet Companies House
requirements requirements requirements

08

GSK Annual Report 2022

Business model continued

..products that improve the health of millions of people
around the world in our core therapeutic areas...

Infectious diseases HIV Immunology/respiratory | Oncology

We are a world leader in Our goal is to minimise We're unlocking the science Our emerging portfolio
infectious diseases like the impact of HIV on of the immune system to in oncology will potentially
shingles and meningitis, people's lives through understand how it reacts bring new cancer

which, including HIV, treatment, prevention to diseases like lupus, therapies to the patients
account for two-thirds of and ultimately cure. eosinophilic asthma and who need them most.

the vaccines and medicines other inflammatory diseases.

in our pipeline

yoda: a16ay0nS,

..St