IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

SATURDAY

= = a ~ FAR DABKFS*— ——

A04 18/04/2026

COMPANIES HOUSE

Annual Report 2025

HNN

Inside this report

Strategic report . Financial statements

Our purpose, strategy and culture 1 Directors’ statement of responsibilities 172

Business model 2 Independent auditor's report 74

2025 performance and 4 Financial statements 186

key performance indicators Notes to the financial statements 190

Key approvals in 2025 Financial statements of GSK ple am

Choirs statement 8 prepared under UK GAAP

CEO's stotement 10

Our external environment n Investor information

Research and development 4 Financial record 280

Commerciol operations 35 Product development pipeline 284

Responsible business a7 Principal risks and uncertainties 289

Our culture and people 59 Share capitol ond control 305

Risk management and w Dividends 307

disclosure stotements Financial calendar 2026 308

Group financial review 7” Annual General Meeting 2026 308
Tax informetion for shareholders 309

Corporate governance Shareholder services and contacts an

The Board and 109 US low and regulation

Executive Committee Group componies 316

Choir's governance statement 15 Glossory of terms 04

Corporate governance architecture 18

Board activities 11

Boord committee reports 129

Remuneration report 140 IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET

Directors’ report 169 COMPANIES HOUSE

REQUIREMENTS

How to navigate this report Cover image: Multiple myeloma

Page reference for more cancer cells among red blood cells
© information within this and antibodies.

Annual Report We focus our oncology innovation

‘on where we can make the most
meaningful difference. This includes
in multiple myeloma, a blood cancer
where new therapies are needed

95 it commonly becomes resistant
Our Responsible Business to available treatments. In 2025,
Report is available on we received major approvals for
gskcom Blenrep, including in the US.

Europe and Japan, for patients

with multiple myeloma.

@ See gskcom for more

information

Our supplements

Cautionary statement
See the inside back cover of this document for the cautionary statement
regarding forward-looking statements.

Non-IFRS measures
‘We use a number of adjusted. non-International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
measures to report the performance of our business. Total reported results represent the
Group's overall performance under IFRS. Core results and other non-IFRS measures may be
considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented
in accordance with IFRS. Core results ond other non-IFRS meosures are defined on pages
84 and 85 and reconciliations to the nearest IFRS measures are on pages 95 to %.

IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

GSK Annual Report 2025

Our purpose

We unite science,
technology and
talent to get ahead
of disease together

for health impact
+ shareholder returns
+ thriving people

Our strategy

We prevent and treat disease with specialty medicines,
vaccines and general medicines.

We focus on the science of the immune system

and advanced technologies, investing in four core
therapeutic areas — respiratory, immunology and
inflammation; oncology; HIV; and infectious diseases
— to impact health at scale.

We operate responsibly for all our stakeholders.

@ Read about how our business model delivers our strategy on page 2

Our culture

We are ambitious for patients, accountable
for impact and we do the right thing.

@ Read about our culture and people on page 59

Strategic report

Corporate governance

Financial statements Investor information

Business model

GSK Annual Report 2025

As a focused biopharma company, we discover, develop and deliver medicines
and vaccines to create value for patients and shareholders. We aim to positively
impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of the decade.

Central to our success
are our people: experts
in science, technology,
manufacturing and
commercialisation...

66,800

GSK people across
70 countries worldwide

33

manufacturing sites

£6.6bn

R&D investment in 2025

18,000

suppliers working directly
with GSK

+ ——-—_

..who are identifying,
researching, developing
and delivering...

Specialty Medicines

Our specialty medicines prevent
and treat diseases, from asthma,
cancer and HIV to autoimmune
diseases like lupus. Many are first
or best-in-class.

@ Read more on page 37
4
General Medicines

Our broad portfolio of general
medicines, from inhalers for asthma
and COPD to antibiotics, improve life
for millions of people around the world.
Many are morket leaders

@ Read more on page 42

Vaccines

We have one of the broadest
portfolios of vaccines in the
industry, targeting infectious
diseases at every stage of
life, helping to protect people
from meningitis, shingles, RSV.
hepatitis and many more.

@ Read more on page 39

Wr

..products that prevent
and change the course
of disease in our four core
therapeutic areas...

Respiratory, immunology
and inflammation

We're harnessing our deep knowledge
of inflammatory mechanisms and

the science of the immune system

to redefine the future of respiratory
medicine and target lung, liver and
kidney disease,

® Read more on page 17

HIV

For nearly four decades we've led the
way in HIV innovation, pioneering
medicines that continue to transform
the lives of people impacted by HIV.

@ Read more on page 25

2

Oncology

We focus on where we can make the
most meaningful difference, applying
our understanding of the underlying
drivers of disease to help match the
right patients with the right treatment
to improve survival and quality of life.

@ Read more on page 21

Infectious diseases

We focus on developing prevention
and treatment options for infectious
diseases that impact people across
their lifespan.

® Read more on page 28

@) Excluding odjusting items, Refer to total to
core reconciliation on page 95

Strategic report

Business model continued

Corporate governance

Financial statements

Investor information

GSK Annuol Report 2025

—-

..using advanced
technologies...

Pipeline

At every step of the R&D
process, we are using data
tech, including Al, and
platform technologies to
be faster, more effective
and more predictive in
discovering and developing
innovative medicines and
vaccines,

@ Read how technology
‘enables our R&D on page 32

Performance

We use technology to
reach people and patients
better and faster through
smart manufacturing;
helping patients and

their carers to manage
their conditions; and
empowering our people
to do their best work.

\r

..operating responsibly
for all our stakeholders...

Partnership

We collaborate in new
ways across the technology
and biotech industries

and academia, so that

we can work with the latest
advances in expertise and
technology to get ahead

of disease together.

Being a responsible business is vital to our strategy and long-term performance.
It helps us build and sustain trust with our stakeholders, reduce risk, support our people
to thrive and deliver positive health impact at scale, We focus on issues that matter to
our stakeholders, society and business success,

@ Read more in Responsible Business on page 47

—-

... creating
value for...

Patients

>2bn

packs of medicines and
vaccine doses supplied

Shareholders

66p

per share dividend

The economy

£1.2bn

corporate income tax paid;
in addition we pay duties,
levies, transactional and
employment taxes

\r

..and enabling
reinvestment to
develop new specialty

medicines and vaccines

The returns we make set us up to reinvest in discovering and developing new medicines
and vaccines that are, based on clinical merit, better than what are available to patients
today. We do this through our own R&D and business development and partnerships.
Meeting patient need and helping people to live healthier lives eases pressure on

health systems and supports economic prosperity.

® Ourstrategy is supported by a robust framework for
monitoring and managing risk, described on page 63

eee

Corporate governance

Strategic report

Financial statements

Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025

2025 performance and KPIs

Financial

We delivered another year of strong performance with growth in sales, core operating profit and

earnings driven by Specialty Medicines

Group turnover (Ebn) @®@)

£32.7bon AER +4% CER +7%

202s 0;
2026 2
2025 es 227

Turnover by product groups (£bn) @

g _ Specialty Medicines (5)
s £13.51 ner 114% CER 117%
Vaccines (V)
£9.211N acr-% cer +2%
General Medicines (G)
Ces! £10.0b 1 atr -4% cer -1%

Total operating profit (Ebn) @

£79 b Nn AER +97% CER >100%

2028 7
2024 EE <0!
2025 es 7°

Core operating profit (Ebn) @®

£9. 8 b Nn AER +7% CER +11%

202:
2026 A °:
2025 es °:

Total earnings per share (p)

1 A] a p AER >100% CER >100%

202 +2:
2026 A 62:
2025 rs 1

Core earnings per share (p)

] 72 . Op AER +8% CER +12%

2023 ET ss:
2024 ee 1:
2025S 1720

Cash generated from operations (Ebn) @

£8.9bn

202
2024 7°
2025 3°

Free cash flow (£bn) @

£4.0bn

02 TT :
02 TT »
225 TT . 0

We use a number of adjusted, non-IFRS, measures to report the performance of our business. Core results ond other non-IFRS measures may be considered
in addition to, but not as @ substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Core results and other non-IFRS measures are defined
‘on pages 84 and 85. AER — actual exchange rate; CER — constant exchange rate.

@ key performance indicator ® Linked to executive remuneration, See poges 147 to 149 for more details
(Toto! operating profit and EPS were lower in 2024 primarily due to 0 charge of £18 billion for the Zentac settlement

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annuol Report 2025

2025 performance continued

Research and development

We continued to strengthen our late-stage pipeline with organic R&D delivery and targeted
business development, supporting future growth.

£8bn 5 17

innovation sales @ of products major US Food and Drug assets in phase III/registration
launched, or with major lifecycle Administration (FDA) approvals .

innovation expansion, in the lost in 2025

five years

pivotol trial starts assets in the pipeline new partnerships and acquisitions!

The pipeline value and progress @ ® are not reported externally because of their commercial sensitivity.

@ Read more about our R&D on pages 14 to 34

Responsible business

We are committed to getting ahead of issues that matter for society and for the long-term
performance of our company, Our Responsible Business Performance Rating @ ® tracks progress
across our six focus areas: access; global health and health security; environment; inclusion; ethical
standards; and product governance.

92% 99m 14%

of our Responsible Business doses of critical vaccines reduction in operational
Performance Rating metrics delivered to Gavi to help protect carbon emissions since 2024
‘met' or ‘exceeded’ in 2025 vulnerable populations in lower (Scope 1 & 2)

income countries in 2025

@® Read more about our performance across our six
focus areas on pages 47 to 58

o—
Culture
We measure progress on embedding our culture through our employee surveys. For the past three
years, our employee engagement scores have consistently been higher than 80% and remain above
industry benchmarks.23

@® Read more about our culture and people on page 59

@) Includes three acquisitions and partnerships announced in early 2026: Noetik, RAPT Therapeutics and Alteogen
(2) Korn Femy’s general industry benchmark
(3) For more information on how we tracked employee engagement in 2025, see page 59

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Investor information GSK Annual Report 2025

5 key approvals in 2025

We achieved five major product approvals in 2025. Our deep understanding
of the science of the immune system, combined with advanced technologies,
is delivering innovative medicines and vaccines that can help transform
people's lives.

Severe asthma:
Exdensur

Respiratory diseases such as severe asthma pose
significant challenges to millions of patients .

worldwide. In 2025, Exdensur was approved in

the US for the treatment of severe asthma with IMAGE REMOVED TO

an eosinophilic phenotype. Its ultra-long-acting MEET COMPANIES

profile and twice-yearly dosing offers patients HOUSE REQUIREMENTS
sustained protection from exacerbations and

could help reduce hospital stays and limit

‘cumulative lung damage. It is also approved for

patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal

polyps (CRSWNP) in several other markets.

@ Read more on page 17

Multiple myeloma:
Blenrep

Multiple myeloma is o complex blood cancer that
is generally considered treatable but not curable,

with nearly all patients experiencing relapse as the IMAGE REMOVED TO
disease becomes resistant to available treatments.

Blenrep, in combination, was approved by the US MEET COMPANIES
FDA in October 2025 after two or more lines of HOUSE REQUIREMENTS

therapy, and in other markets, following one or
more prior treatment lines. As the only anti-BCMA
‘antibody drug conjugate (ADC) that is accessible
‘across healthcare settings, including in community
centres where 70% of patients receive care,
Blenrep could fulfil a major patient need.

@ Read more on page 21

Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements,

5 key approvals in 2025 continued

COPD:
Nucala

Many chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
(COPD) patients experience persistent symptoms
and exacerbations — acute episodes of worsening
symptoms — which can result in hospitalisation

and irreversible lung damage. In May, Nucala was
approved by the US FDA for use in adults with
COPD characterised by an eosinophilic phenotype,
providing an important option for COPD patients.
The approval was based on data which included a
reduction of exacerbations leading to hospitalisation
and/or emergency department visits.

@® Read more on page 18

Investor information

GSK Annual Report 2025

IMAGE REMOVED TO
MEET COMPANIES
HOUSE REQUIREMENTS

uUTI and uncomplicated gonorrhoea:
Blujepa

More than half of all women experience an
uncomplicated urinary tract infection (uUTI) in
their lifetime. In 2025, Blujepa was approved in
the US as an oral treatment for uUTI. It was also
approved in the US for uncomplicated gonorrhoea
which affects both men and women, and can
lead to infertility and other reproductive:health
complications. Blujepa is the first in a new class

of oral antibiotics for these conditions in nearly

30 years.

@ Read more on page 30

IMAGE REMOVED TO
MEET COMPANIES
HOUSE REQUIREMENTS

Invasive meningococcal disease:

Penmenvy

Invasive meningococcal disease (IMD) is a rare
but devastating illness that can progress rapidly
and lead to death or long-term, life-changing
consequences, Penmenvy, our new 5-in- vaccine
for IMD, was approved in the US in 2025 and is
now part of the adolescent meningococcal
immunisation schedule. By reducing the number of
injections needed for protection, Penmenvy could
increase immunisation rates and help protect
more young people from this serious disease.

@ Read more on page 28

IMAGE REMOVED TO
MEET COMPANIES
HOUSE REQUIREMENTS

Corporate governance

Strategic report

Financial statements Investor information

Chair's statement

As 2025 drew to a close, GSK turned
the page on a significant chapter.
Having led an extensive
transformation of GSK, Emma
Walmsley stepped down as CEO at
the end of December and handed
over to Luke Miels, previously our
Chief Commercial Officer.

The Board and | are grateful to Emma
for her outstanding leadership; and
we look forward to the even brighter
future we have ahead with Luke, as
he builds on the momentum we have:
and leads GSK into the next phase of
its transformation,

Strategic progress

GSK has a long and proud heritage,
but a decade ago it quite clearly
wasn't fulfilling its potential for
patients or shareholders. When
Emma became CEO in 2017, she
seized the opportunity to reinvigorate
the company’s performance and
restore its leadership in science —
including of course through the
demerger of Haleon in 2022 to
create a focused biopharma
company with a re-set balance
sheet to invest in innovation.

On almost every measure, GSK is
now a changed company — with a
confident, ambitious purpose; clear
strategic priorities; a stronger pipeline

and more balanced portfolio: o
sharper focus on capital allocation;
and a reformed culture where talented
people can focus on what matters

most and be accountable for delivery. _

At the same time, GSK has kept
what mokes the company special
— a distinctive focus on people
‘and patients, a truly global reach
‘and a deep commitment to doing
the right thing.

2025 performance

GSK's performance in 2025
‘exemplified the strengthening of

all the fundamentals of the strategy:
total sales, core operating profit and
core earnings per share all grew,
driven in particular by very strong
performance of Speciality Medicines,
with double-digit sales growth in
respiratory, immunology and
inflammation (RI&l), oncology

and HIV. Indeed the fourth quarter
of 2025 marked the 19th consecutive
quarter of sales growth for GSK,
demonstrating the consistent new
standard to which the company

is now operating.

Alongside strong financial performance,

there was also excellent progress in
R&D with five major product approvals
achieved, These mark the start of a
series of major launches expected
before 203).

IMAGE REMOVED
TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

GSK Annual Report 2025

The pipeline has also been
significantly strengthened through
internal and externally acquired assets,
particularly in RI&I and oncology and
we continue to invest significantly

in the transformational capability
afforded by AI/ML.

The Board also remains committed
to the company’s long-standing
proactive approach to operating
responsibly, evident in 92% of
Responsible Business Performance
Rating metrics being ‘met’ or
‘exceeded’ in 2025 - see page 48.

Leadership transition
Positioning GSK for the next phase
of growth was front of mind as we
embarked on seamlessly selecting
and transitioning to GSK’s next CEO.
At the outset the Board thought
deeply about its ambitions for the
company in its next chapter and the
skills and attributes that we wanted
in a CEO. Central to this was what
was needed to deliver increased
value recognition for the company.

‘As such, we sought an individual

with ambition and excellent global
biopharma pipeline development and
commercialisation experience; and an
understanding of the levers available
within GSK to drive delivery and
generate new options for growth.

Guided by these criteria, our search
was rigorous, including internal and
external candidates and it is worth
noting that Emmo's recruitment

of outstanding talent and their
development strengthened this
process immeasurably.

In Luke, we have selected the
outstanding candidate. His experience
and demonstrated contribution to
GSK. including building the Specialty
Medicines portfolio, make him
exceptionally well qualified to lead

the company. Luke believes in creating
value by delivering the best possible
outcomes for patients, founded on
deep scientific expertise and courage
coupled with operational excellence.
On the following pages, you'll hear
more from Luke on his perspective

and ambitions for the company.

@_AtCER and excluding COVID-19 pandemic
soles

Strategic report Corporate governance

Chair's statement continued

While succession was a key focus
for the Board during the year, other
priorities including remuneration
were important. We were pleased
with strong shareholder support for
the updated Remuneration Policy

‘at the 2025 AGM that enabled us to
approach succession with confidence
in attracting the right candidates.
The new policy locks in incentives

for management to outperform and
‘aligns management compensation
even more with shareholder
experience.

Next phase of transformation
As Luke steps into his new role, there
are three key priorities for him, his
management team, and the Board
to deliver the next phase of GSK’s
transformation.

First, leading management to fulfil
GSK's ambitious 2031 revenue outlook!
and deliver sustained shareholder
value creation. This primarily means
executing excellent launches of newly
approved products, including in
cancer and respiratory disease, and
opportunities in the late-stage pipeline
before the end of the decade.

Second, that GSK can drive the

next wave of innovation and growth
beyond 2031, including through
deploying capital to targeted business
development to further strengthen

the pipeline. GSK has cultivated a
deep expertise in the science of the
immune system and is taking this
further to target an emerging portfolio
of potentially differentiated medicines
that can outperform the competition
including in lung, liver and kidney
disease as well as cancer. If the next
wave of innovation coming through
the pipeline is realised, there is o clear
pathway to deliver patient benefit,

at scale, and drive competitive
growth beyond 2031

@) See assumptions and basis of preporation
teloted to 2026 Guidance, 2021-26 end 2031
Outlooks on the inside back cover

Financiol statements Investor information

Third, the Board is acutely aware
that these priorities can only be
fulfilled through ambitious adoption
of technology. This is an area where
GSK has already made significant
strides. In October, the Board spent
two days getting hands-on with the
tech tools that are transforming how
GSK works, from development to
manufacturing and marketing.

‘There remains profound potential
for advanced technologies, including
A\, to bring medicines and vaccines
to patients with more precision, pace
and probability of success. The focus
now should be on embedding these
technologies at scale to ensure GSK
remains competitive and invests time,
resources and capabilities in the
right areas.

External environment

The current geopolitical operating
landscape is undeniably dynamic
‘and requires agile leadership to
respond to these challenges and at
the same time stay focused on clear
business priorities and longer-term
fundamentals. The Board is pleased
by the way GSK has navigated the
pressures in the external environment
this year, including in our largest
market the United States. This has
involved diligently working to ensure
that innovation is both fairly rewarded
and accessible to the patients who
need it, as seen in the pricing
agreement which Emma and her
team reached with the US
Administration in December.

The Board continues to believe that
GSK's business model, with its R&D
focus and investment in technology
capabilities, is well set to meet
societal needs now and in the future.
The convergence of increasing
demand on health systems and
advances in technology is creating an
unprecedented need and opportunity
to move towards new models of care
that strengthen access to innovative
medicines and vaccines and enable
earlier action to keep people well.

By delivering this innovation, GSK can
create sustained value for patients,
shareholders, healthcare systems,
economies and society at large.

GSK Annual Report 2025

Shareholder returns

Robust performance in 2025
coincided with a significant rise

in the value of GSK’s shares and
improved shareholder returns,
including payment of a dividend

of 66p. up from élp in 2024. This is
welcome and reflects more tangible
market appreciation of the value in
our pipeline and consistent delivery
of our outlooks.

However, the Board is very aware that
GSK's share price has underperformed
for many years and this marks only
the start of a long-awaited recovery.
Under Luke's leadership we are
determined to build on the progress
seen during 2025 and continue to
deliver significantly improved
shareholder returns over the short

and longer term.

Conclusion

On behalf of the Board, and everyone
‘at GSK, we wish Emma all the very best
as she embarks on new adventures —
and thank her once again for all she
delivered at GSK. | would also like to
thank the Board for their work this
year, particularly in delivering the
successful CEO transition. Jesse
Goodman stepped down from the
Board at the 2025 AGM and we wish
him well in his next endeavours; and
we welcome Dr Gavin Screaton, Head
of Medical Sciences at the University
of Oxford, who joined the Board in
May 2025.

GSK‘s transformation is also enabled
by the tens of thousands of people
working around the world, who strive
every day to bring medicines and
vaccines to the people who need
them. Many thanks to you, as well
as our partners and shareholders,
for your continued commitment.

Together, with Luke, we look forward
to delivering even greater impact for
patients, shareholders and our people
in 2026.

Sir Jonathan Symonds
Chair

Strategic report Corporate governance

Financial statements

Investor information

CEO’s statement

It is a privilege to lead GSK into its
next phase of growth as CEO and
1am encouraged by the collective
determination to realise new levels
of performance for patients and
shareholders.

Strong 2025 performance!

GSK delivered another strong
performance in 2025, with sales up
7% to more than £32 billion. Core
operating profit grew 11% and core
earnings per share rose 12%. Cash
generation was strong at £8.9 billion,
supporting future investment and
returns to shareholders, including

the dividend of 66 pence

Growth was driven by a 17% increase
in soles of Specialty Medicines with
double-digit growth in oncology:
respiratory, immunology and
inflammation; and HIV. Vaccines
sales increased by 2%, while
General Medicines sales fell by 1%.

Good R&D progress also continued,
with five major product approvals
ond several acquisitions and new
portnerships to strengthen the
pipeline further.

We also maintained our high
standards for being a responsible
business.

Looking ahead to 2026, we expect
momentum to continue with another
year of profitable growth

IMAGE REMOVED
TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

jn

Key focus areas to drive value
We have a clear strategy to develop

a high-quality portfolio of specialty
medicines ond vaccines. The priority
now is delivery and overall operational
execution.

There are three areas where we
are focused to drive value in 2026.

First, drive topline growth by
maximising launch products —

not least Exdensur, our new ultra-
long-acting biologic for asthma
and Blenrep, for multiple myeloma.

Second, accelerate key assets in our
late-stage portfolio like our oncology
ADCs; and in our earlier portfolio, like
our long-acting TSLP for COPD and
regimen selection for our 6-monthly
treatment for HIV.

And third, continue to execute
business development where we see
a clear pathway to value creation.
Our acquisition of IDRx in 2025, and
more recently RAPT Therapeutics,
‘are examples of this.

Underpinning this will be a drive to
simplify how we work — with greater
pace, accountability and focus.

This starts with matching our best
people and resources to the best
‘opportunities to create value.

Weill also have an increased focus
on leveraging the practical use of
technology, including Al.

GSK Annual Report 2025

Evolving GSK to create value
for shareholders

Looking forward, | see two clear
priorities to create value for
shareholders.

The first is topline. This means
delivering our sales ambition for
2031 and addressing the loss of
dolutegrovir exclusivity.

Second is pipeline. Accelerating R&D
is our biggest opportunity to create
value as a company. We need to go
faster with what we have and add to it
through smart business development.
We also need our labs to produce
more competitive products.

To achieve this, we need to evolve
the company.

Building on our strong patient-led
purpose and culture, we must be
more product-centric. Everyone in
the company should be clear on
how they are helping to bring better
products to patients.

And to accelerate