Ahead Together

[ sunrua

IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

At GSK, we unite science,

technology and talent to

get ahead of disease together.
We aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people

by the end of the decade, as a successful, growing company

where people can thrive.

Contents

Strategic report
Ahead Together
2023 performance and key
performance indicators
Chair's statement
CEO's statement
Business model
Our external environment
Prevention
Our culture and people
Research and development
Commercial operations:
Performance: Vaccines
Performance: Specialty Medi
Performance: General Medicines
Operations: Manufacturing
ond supply
Responsible business
Risk management and disclosure
statements
2023 principal risks summary
Climate-related financial
disclosures
Nature-related financial disclosures
Non-financial and sustainability
information statement
Employees by gender
Viability statement
Group financial review

Cautionary statement

87
59

62
70

i)
75
7

Corporate governance

The Board and GSK Leadership
Team

Chair's governance statement
Corporate governance architecture
Ahead Together ~ Board oversight
Continuous engagements and key
decisions

Board committee reports

Remuneration Committee Chair's
annual statement

Annual report on remuneration
Directors’ report

Financial statements

Directors’ statement

of responsibilities

Independent auditor's report
Financial statements

Notes to the financial statements
Financial statements of GSK pic
prepared under UK GAAP

108
14
nN
19

72
128

239
142
Vo)

Investor information
Financial record
Product development pipeline
Products, competition
‘ond intellectual property
Principal risks ond uncertainties
Shore capital and control
Dividends
Financial calendar 2024
Annual General Meeting 2024
Tax information for shareholders
Shoreholder services and contacts
US law and regulation
Group companies
Glossary of terms

See the inside back cover of this document for the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements,

Non-IFRS measures

We use a number of adjusted, non-Intemnational Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) measures to report the performance of our business, Total reported
results represent the Group's overall performance under IFRS. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS measures may be considered in addition to, but not as 0

273
27

281
284
295
297
298
298
299
301
303
306
36

substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS measures ore defined on pages 82 ond 83
‘and reconciliations to the nearest IFRS measures are on pages 93 to 95.

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Finncial statements | Investor information

GSK Annual Report 2023

We are a focused biopharma
company with strong momentum

and big ambitions.

We prevent and treat disease with vaccines,
specialty and general medicines. We focus
on the science of the immune system and the
use of new platform and data technologies,
investing in four core therapeutic areas
(infectious diseases, HIV, respiratory/
immunology and oncology). Our Ahead
Together strategy means intervening early

to prevent and change the course of disease,
helping to protect people and support
healthcare systems.

We're confident in our future. With our
strong momentum and improving outlook
for sustained growth through the decade,
we're confident in our ability to deliver
human health impact at scale, worldwide.

We're committed to getting ahead of
issues that matter for society and for

the sustainability of our company, too —
including access to healthcare, diversity,
equity and inclusion, and the health of
our planet. We're sector leaders in ESG
performance, making an impact on some
of society's most urgent challenges.

Our purpose puts our people at the heart
of our success. Core to our Ahead Together
ambition is to make GSK a place where
talented people thrive. Our culture of being
ambitious for patients, accountable for
impact and doing the right thing is the
foundation for how, together, we deliver for
our patients, shareholders and GSK people.

IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Financial statements | Investor informotion GSK Annual Report 2023

2023 performance and key performance indicators

Financial

We delivered strong performance and upgraded our growth outlooks. Broad-based performance drove
sales, profits and earnings growth

Group turnover (fon) @ @) Turnover by product area (Ebn) @
1 Vaccines

£3 O 3 b a) oe * £9.9 bn er 24% CER 25%

2 Specialty Medicines
2021 4.
£10.21 ser 9% cer (8%

3 General Medicines
£10.2bn aeri% cer 5%

2022 293

2023 30.3
2023 growth excluding COVID-19 solutions 12% AER 14% CER

Total operating profit (Eon) @ Adjusted operating profit (Ebn) @ ®
£6.7bon conn £8.8bn <2
. CER 10% ° CER 12%!
2021 44 2021
202 2022
2023 es
2023 growth excluding COVID-19 solutions 12% AER 16% CER
Total continuing earnings per share (p) Adjusted earnings per share (p)
121 6 Cems 155 1 AER TaN
. p CER 16% . 2) CER 16%?
2021 2021
207 2022
2023 2023
2023 growth excluding COVID-19 solutions 16% AER 22% CER
Cash generated from operations (Eon) @ Free cash flow (Ebn) @ ®)
20 201
2022 2022
I

We use o number of adjusted. non-IFRS, measures to report the performance of our business. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS measures may be considered
in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, information presented in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted results and other non-IFRS measures ore
defined on poges 82 and 83. AER ~ actual exchange rate: CER ~ constant exchange rate. Excluding COVID-19 solutions as defined on page 85.

() Adjusted operating profit +12% (with further positive impact of +4% excluding COVID-19 solutions) at CER. ©
(2) Adjusted EPS +16% (with further positive impact of +6% excluding COVID-19 solutions) ot CER.

@ Key performonce indicator attributable to continuing operations ©® Linked to executive remuneration, See pages 142 to 149 for more details

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Financial statements | Investor information GSK Annual Report 2023

2023 performance and key performance indicators continued

Research and development

We continued to strengthen the late-stage pipeline with organic R&D delivery and targeted business
development, supporting future growth.

£10bn 4 18

innovation sales ® ® of products major approvals including in infectious assets in phase III/registration

launched or with major lifecycle diseases, HIV and oncology

innovation expansion in the last

five years

assets in the pipeline major business development decls at least 12 major product launches
planned from 2025!

Pipeline value and progress @ ®) are not reported externally because of their commercial sensitivity.

Responsible business

We continue to be recognised for our environmental and sustainability leadership. Our ESG Performance
Rating @ is on track based on 95% of all performance metrics being met or exceeded. The’ metrics cover
our six focus areas: access to healthcare, global health and health security, environment ®) diversity,
equity and inclusion ©®, ethical standards, and product governance (see pages 45 to 55).

Ist i 10%

in the pharmaceuticals industry in the Global Health pipeline assets reduction in operational
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability progressed to address priority World carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
Assessment, with a score of 84 (as of Health Organization (WHO) diseases

24 November 2023)

‘Culture

Culture progress @ — ambitious for patients, accountable for impact and do the right thing — is measured
through our employee surveys. Our employee engagement score remained high at 81% in 2023.

+ Read more on page 14

@ Plonned launches of products with non-risk adjusted peak year sales of >=£2 billion, See ‘Guidance and outlooks, assumptions and basis of
preparation related to 2024 guidance, 2021-26 and 2031 outlooks’ on inside back cover and FY 2023 results slides on gsk.com.

Strategic report | Governcnce ond remuneration |

Chair's statement

Financial statements | Investor information

IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

In 2023 GSK continued
to make significant
progress on its strategic
transformation.

The programme of change Emma
‘and her team are delivering is
fundamentally improving GSK's
competitiveness: sharpening
operational execution and cost
discipline: strengthening the pipeline;
enhancing the Group's capital
allocation capacity; and shifting

GSK’s culture to combine high integrity
with performance.

As is also clear from this report, GSK is
developing a distinctive role and voice
in prevention of disease. offering clear
benefits to patients, healthcare
systems and wider society.

Strategic progress

In 2023, we saw further evidence

of the success of this transformation.
Operationally, GSK is performing
better — and crucially more
consistently and competitively —
than at any point in the last 20 years.

Group sales and operating profits
grew strongly in 2023 and well ahead
of the outlooks for more than 5 and
10% CAGR (excluding COVID-19
solutions) previously set for the
period to 2026. GSK's progress

and momentum is such that we

have now upgraded these outlooks
to more than 7 and 11%! respectively.

Growth is being driven by very strong
performance across all areas of the
business, especially Vaccines and
Specialty Medicines, including in HIV
and respiratory, where the company
has built significant leadership
positions and competitive advantage.
The exceptional launch of the world’s
first RSV vaccine, Arexvy, in the US was
aclear stand out achievement for the
year.

Cost discipline across the Group
continues to improve. Following

© period of necessary investment

in product launches, management
is now focused on delivering further
improvements in operating margin
‘over the coming years.

As | have previously discussed,

the demerger of Haleon in 2022
fundamentally reset and strengthened
GSK's balance sheet. During 2023 we
monetised £1.8 billion of our holding in
Haleon to enable further investment in
the pipeline and the future growth of
the company.

We have also confirmed our
commitment to shareholder returns
through a progressive dividend policy.
The Board agreed to pay shareholders
an increased dividend of 58p per
share for 2023, up 3p per share”on

a comparable basis.

() See ‘Guidance and outlooks, assumptions and bosis of preparation reloted to 2024 guidence,
2021-26 and 2031 outlooks’ on the inside back cover and FY 2023 results slides on gsk.com

(2) GSK group dividend in 2022 wos 55p. this is GSK related only and excludes the dividend related to

Consumer Healthcare in H1 2022.

GSK Annual Report 2023

R&D progress

Executing the company's late-stage
pipeline and strengthening our earlier-
stage R&D and technological
capabilities, remains the company’s
number one priority. This continues to
receive significant attention from the
Board, including through our Science
Committee, which undertook detailed
reviews during 2023 of several
research areas, including vaccines

& RNA technology, antimicrobial
resistance (AMR). oligonucleotides,
antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs)
‘ond liver disease (NASH).

Improving R&D productivity is
inevitably a long-term programme.
But | was pleased to see good
progress made during the year, both
organically and through targeted
business development. In total we
deployed approximately £2 billion to
R&D business development, including
‘acquisitions and partnerships during
the year.

As Emma sets out in her letter on
pages 6 to 7, GSK now has significant
and potentially very valuable late-
stage R&D programmes in vaccines/
infectious diseases, HIV, respiratory
and specific areas of oncology.

Successful progression of these
programmes is vital to support the
Group's growth outlook in the second
half of the decade and beyond.

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Financial statements | Investor information

Chair's statement continued

Culture and responsibility
I believe that one of the strongest
drivers of GSK's long-term
performance is the culture shift thot
Emma and her team are driving.

We are seeing significant change here.
with the focus on developing a clear
purpose, strengthening leadership.
and embedding business-relevant
values and behaviours,

Ensuring environmental, social and
governance considerations are also
properly embedded into our strategy
remains very important. | was
delighted to see the company
ranked first in the sector in S&P’s
2023 assessment of Corporate
Sustainability.

GSK also continues to lead in our
approach to ensuring global access
to our products and in developing
new medicines and vaccines for
diseases such as malaria and TB
which disproportionately affect the
poorest countries in the world.

2023 was also the second year of
operation of our new remuneration
policy. This is designed to support
achievement of outperformance
across strategic, financial and ESG
goals, and | believe it is helping to
drive the strong performance
culture and deep commitment to
responsibility that is evident at GSK.

Shareholder returns

The Board remains focused on
delivering strong shareholder returns
and valuation for GSK over the long
term.

Itis clear from the extensive meetings
and discussions | have had with
shareholders over the year, that they
recognise the significant performance
improvements that have been
delivered. Emphasis has now moved
from the shorter-term outlooks to
2026, to the medium term to 2031.

The upgraded outlooks we have given
for both periods show the confidence
of the Board and Management in
GSK's future.

The uncertainty around Zantac
(ranitidine) litigation has clearly
impacted GSK's share price
performance over the 18 months.
We continue to vigorously defend
ourselves against the remaining
claims in the US, including the
‘ongoing proceedings in Delaware
and hope to see greater clarity on
the litigation during 2024.

Board evolution

The composition’and maturity of the
Board continues to improve to ensure
we have the relevant skills and
experience to provide good oversight
and support, and constructively
challenge management as GSK's
business develops as a pure
biopharma company.

| was pleased to welcome Wendy
Becker to the Board in October.
Wendy is a highly experienced
non-executive director and brings
excellent business, technology and
life sciences experience.

She will also succeed Urs Rohner
as Chair of the Remuneration
Committee when he steps down,

at the May 2024 AGM. | would like
to thank Urs for his contribution to
the GSK Board, particularly the
development of our new
remuneration policy, approved

in 2022, to incentivise and reward
management performance. He has
been a consistent and determined
supporter of GSK and has provided
huge support to Emma and |.

GSK Annual Report 2023

| was also pleased to welcome Julie
Brown as Chief Financial Officer
(CFO) in May last year. Julie brings
huge experience in life sciences and as
a CFO of large’UK-based companies.

The GSK Board now has excellent, in
many cases world-leading, experience
‘and expertise including in human
genetics, vaccines, respiratory and
infectious disease; advanced
technologies including in Al and ML;
biopharma commercial and financial
expertise and US payer, HCP and
patient understanding.

GSK is performing better than it hos.
done for many years and has an
increasingly positive outlook, and this
is due to the energy, commitment and
leadership of Emma and her team in
support of the company’s ambitious
programme of change.

Finally, | would also like to thank all

of our people, partners, customers

and shareholders for their support

and commitment through the last year
and | look forward to another year of
progress in 2024 for GSK.

Sir Jonathan Symonds
Chair

Strategic report | Governance ond remuneration | Financial statements | Investor information

CEO's statement

The excellent performance we
delivered in 2023 provides us with
clear momentum and we expect to
deliver another year of meaningful
growth in 2024, as we continue to
focus on prevention and changing
the course of disease.

Delivering on our commitments

In 2021, we set out a series of
commitments to shareholders,
including for a 'step-change' in
performance, following the significant
transformation in GSK’s structure,
strategy. capital allocation and
culture.

Since then, we have delivered 10
quarters of consecutive sales growth
(excluding COVID-19 solutions), and
around two-thirds of sales are now
generated from Vaccines and
Specialty Medicines, a key strategic
priority.

At the same time, we hove continued
to strengthen our pipeline. We now
have 71 vaccines and medicines in
clinical development and the majority
of the late-stage assets we highlighted
in 2021 have moved forward positively.

IMAGE REMOVED TO MEET
COMPANIES HOUSE
REQUIREMENTS

GSK Annual Report 2023

GSK is delivering on

its commitments and
performing to a new

standard.

Since 2021, we have also added
multiple new opportunities through
targeted business development,
securing more than 16 acquisitions
and alliances for innovative assets
and new technologies.

We have achieved alll of this whilst
maintaining a continued sharp focus
on operating margins and cash flow ~
mindful of the need to both invest for
the future and to deliver attractive
returns to shareholders.

Strong 2023 performance

As set out on pages 2 to 3, our
performance for 2023 demonstrated
this progress, with sales excluding
COVID-19 solutions and both total and
adjusted profits growing at double-
digit levels at CER.

Acclear highlight for the year was the
exceptional launch of Arexvy, the
world’s first vaccine for RSV, which
contributed £1.2 billion of sales in its
first year. More than 10% of American
adults aged 60 years and older have
now been vaccinated against RSV,
and over two-thirds of those have
been vaccinated with Arexvy. Over
time we expect Arexvy to generate
annual sales of more than £3 billion
and 2024 sales to be driven by further
penetration, initial roll out of the
vaccine in Europe and Japan and
expansion of Arexvy's indication to at
risk individuals aged 50-59 years.

Our shingles vaccine, Shingrix,

also delivered another very strong
performance in 2023, with £3.4 billion
of sales. In Specialty Medicines, our
HIV business grew strongly, up 13%
CER, driven by acceleration in our oral
two-drug and long-acting injectable
regimens for treatment and
prevention. We also saw good
progress in respiratory with our
market-leading IL-5, Nucata, up 18%
CER. Lupus treatment Benlysta wos
also @ major contributor up 19% CER
Overall, sales from new products
launched since 2017 contributed more
than £11 billion.

This level of performance helped us to
generate free cash flow of £3.4 billion,
As a consequence of this performance
and momentum, we were also pleased
to increase the dividend for the year to
58 pence per share.

Pipeline strengthening

In R&D, we continued to make
progress in 2023 both organically and
through business development, as set
out on pages 16 to 30. We delivered
four major product approvals during
the year: Arexvy, Apretude in HIV
prevention; Ojjarra for myelofibrosis
and Jemperii in first-line endometrial
cancer. With 18 assets now in phase II!
or registrational studies, we are looking
forward to further significant late-
stage R&D milestones in 2024

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Financial statements | Investor information

CEO's statement continued

Targeted business development also
continued to strengthen the pipeline
and support future growth. Our activity
in 2023 included the acquisition of
Bellus Health and Aiolos Bio', which
both further strengthen our respiratory
pipeline, and the signing of licence
agreements with Janssen and Hansoh
Pharma, in infectious diseases and
oncology.

Upgrading our outlooks

In 2024, we expect another year of
meaningful growth of sales, adjusted
operating profit and EPS. We have
also upgraded the outlooks we
previously gave for the period
2021-2026, and 20317

This is all because of the progress we
have made to develop our portfolio
and pipeline.

Alongside our current growth drivers,
we are now planning for at least 12
major product launches from 2025,
most of which will be in the next four
years.

This includes new potential

vaccines for meningitis, influenza,
pneumococcal disease and herpes
simplex virus (HSV); potential
medicines for long-acting HIV
treatment and prevention; a potential
functional cure for hepatitis B,
bepirovirsen; and a new portfolio of
potential anti-infective treatments,
including gepotidacin. We also have
potential new medicines for respiratory
diseases with high burden and unmet
need: depemokimab and camlipixant.
And finally, in oncology, we have
further potential indications for
Jemperli and potentially CD226
targeting o variety of cancer types.

@) Closed in early 2024

Our upgraded outlook for 2021-2026
is for sales to grow more than 7% and
adjusted profit by more than 11%, on
a CAGR basis. And by 2031, we now
believe we can deliver more than

£38 billion of sales. This is an increase
of £5 billion versus the estimate we
gave in 2021 of more than £33 billion,
and represents a marked acceleration
as, in effect, we now expect to reach
our original 2031 goal by 2026, five
years earlier.

We will continue to focus strongly on
margin improvements, while retaining
flexibility to invest in growth. And we
will keep working to deliver more. as

it is important to emphasise that none
of our forecasts include anticipated
business development, further progress
in our early-stage pipeline, or
additional productivity improvements.

Alll of that points to a strong outlook
for GSK with sustained growth through
the decade.

Building trust

We are committed to making GSK

a place where talented people can
thrive, with a culture where we are all
ambitious for patients, accountable for
impact and do the right thing. It was
very positive that engagement scores
remain high, at 81%, in our latest
employee engagement survey.

Operating responsibly remains core
to GSK. We aim to continue delivering
sector-leading ESG performance. as
recognised in our latest ranking as
sector leaders of the S&P’s Global
Corporate Sustainability Assessment.
This reflects strong progress across our
six core ESG areas: Access to
healthcare, Global health and health
security, Environment, Diversity, Equity
and Inclusion, Ethical standards and
Product governance.

(2) See ‘Guidance and outlooks. assumptions and bosis of preparation related to 2024 guidance,
2021-26 and 2031 outlooks’ on the inside back cover and FY 2023 results slides on gskcom

GSK Annual Report 2023

We have long-term goals and key
metrics in place for all these areas,
‘and our overall performance rating for
2023 was ‘on track,’ based on 95% of
metrics being met or exceeded.
Highlights for the year included,
moving to phase Ill development for
our low-carbon Ventolin inhaler
programme, achieving our leadership
diversity aspirations two years early,
and Gavi confirming the roll out of our
malaria vaccine, Mosquirix, in up to 12
countries in Africa, Further details are
set out on pages 45 to 55 and in our
published standalone ESG
Performance Report.

Clear momentum as we look ahead

In conclusion, GSK has strong
momentum and improving outlooks.
As a standalone biopharma company,
with expertise in developing innovative
vaccines and medicines, we have
enormous opportunity to prevent and
change the course of disease for
hundreds of millions of people.

All of this bodes well. Equally, we also
know there is much to be done. We
remain very focused on delivering this
potential - and more — at continued
pace for patients, for shareholders
and for our people.

Finally, as ever. it is our people who
fuel this momentum and | want to
thank them for all they have achieved
during 2023. | am very optimistic for
the future and excited by what we can
achieve, to get chead of disease,
together.

Cla. brn ey,

Emma Walmsley
Chief Executive Officer

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Financial statements | Investor information GSK Annuol Report 2023

Business model

We unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together for
health impact, shareholder returns and thriving people.

Central to our success are our people: experts in science,
technology, manufacturing, regulation, intellectual property
and commercialisation...

70,200 >/5 22,000

GSK people countries worldwide suppliers working directly
with GSK

R&D investment in 2023 manufacturing sites global R&D centres in the

— up 13% AER, 14% CER! US, UK, Belgium and Italy

..who are identifying, researching, developing and
testing ground-breaking discoveries, and manufacturing
and commercialising...

Vaccines Specialty Medicines General Medicines

Our broad vaccines portfolio targets Our specialty medicines prevent We have a portfolio of more than
infectious diseases at every stage of and treat diseases, from HIV and 150 primary care medicines, including
life, helping to protect people from respiratory diseases, to immune- our inhaled medicines for asthma and
meningitis, shingles, RSV, flu, polio inflammation diseases like lupus, to COPD, and antibiotics for infections.
and many more. cancer. Many are first or best-in-class.

..products that prevent and treat disease, improving the
health of millions of people around the world in our core
therapeutic areas...

Infectious diseases HIV Respiratory/ Oncology
Our infectious diseases We are leaders in HIV, immunology We have an emerging
portfolio is the broadest in focused on ending the We're pushing the frontiers portfolio focused on blood
the industry and, including _—_ global epidemic. We of respiratory science and ‘cand women's cancers,
HIV, accounts for two thirds have an industry-leading harnessing the science of ‘ond are seeking to
of our pipeline. pipeline, driven by patient the immune system to make transformative
insights. transform patient outcomes breakthroughs in
in areas of unmet need, immuno-oncology.

based on decades of
innovative research.

() Totol R&D expenditure includes intangible asset amortisation and impairments plus immaterial mounts of mojor restructuring ond other costs.

Strategic report | Governance and remuneration | Financial statements | Investor information GSK Annucl Report 2023

Business model continued

..powered by technology...

Pipeline Performance People and productivity

We are leveraging new platform and We use technology to enable Technology is also core to how we
data technology at every step of the more productive and efficient work. We ensure our people have
R&D process to be faster, more manufacturing processes, supply chain _ the tools, analytical capabilities
effective, and more predictive in reliability and returns on investment. ‘and resources to make data-driven
discovering and developing innovative decisions and do their best work.

new medicines and vaccines.

..steered by our long-term priorities...

Innovation Performance Trust

We develop and launch new Our bold ambitions for patients are We focus on issues where we can
medicines and vaccines where reflected in our upgraded growth hove the greatest impact and reduce
they are needed, with better outlooks to 2026 and 2031. pressure on health systems including
and faster R&D. tackling health challenges and

inequities, protecting the environment
and taking action on diversity, equity
and inclusion.

and creating value for:

Patients Shareholders Society

2.3b6n 58p £1.3bn

packs of medicines and per share dividend corporate income tax paid:
doses of vaccines delivered in addition we pay duties, levies,

transactional and employment taxes

The economy

Disease prevention and earlier intervention to improve health can lessen pressure
on health systems and support economic productiv